{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12571634", "title": "Now, group holding MLA ask Odisha govt to free 5 more Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Saturday said it will release five of the six rebels the Maoists have demanded for release of the Italian hostage, while another Naxal group holding MLA Jhina Hikaka extended the deadline to April 10 and demanded that five more persons be freed.\"The Maoists have sought release of six persons. The state government has decided to facilitate the release of five of the six,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said in a statement in the state assembly.Mounting pressure on the state government, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda had on Friday threatened to take the \"extreme step\" against the 54-year-old Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco if his demands were not met within 96 hours.Terming as \"incorrect\" that views of B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, negotiating the release of the Italian, were not taken into consideration, Patnaik said the two had categorically stated that the rebels wanted six persons - Arati Majhi, Manohan Pradhan, Suka Nachika, Chakra Tadingi, Bijay Tadingi and Subhashree Das, released.\"I appeal again to the Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist) headed by Panda to release the Italian national unharmed and immediately,\" Patnaik said.He also appealed for the immediate release of Hikaka, the tribal BJD MLA from Laxmipur.Rejecting Odisha governments offer of releasing 23 prisoners, the Maoist group holding Hikaka captive extended the deadline for fulfilment of their demands till April 10 and sought release of an additional five persons.A senior leader of Maoist Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee told the media over telephone that the MLA was safe and the deadline which was to end on Saturday, was extended to April 10.Besides the 23 prisoners, the Maoist group demanded release of five more persons - one rebel and four members of Maoist-backed Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha who were in jail in Koraput.Meanwhile, the state government and the Maoist mediators held fresh talks on the demands to be met for the release of Bosusco.\"Considerable progress has been made during talks. We will hold more discussion and the process is likely to conclude soon,\" home secretary U N Behera, who led the three-member government side, told reporters after the meet.Though what exactly transpired at the meeting was not clear, sources said both sides were believed to have discussed names of prisoners to be freed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12563713", "title": "Travel to airport difficult due to lack of public transport", "text": "NOIDA: For Noida and Greater Noida residents, travelling to and from IGI airport continues to be problem, particularly when a flight is scheduled is to depart or arrive at an odd hour. The absence of proper public transport leaves residents with little option but to pay the exorbitant taxi fares. While DTC runs an airport-service bus on its route number 392A in Noida, residents complain about low frequency. The Uttar Pradesh State Road Transport Corporation (UPSRTC) says their buses cannot ply beyond certain points in Delhi due to lack of permits.Greater Noida residents are worse off as they stay further away from Noida. \"We don't have any form of public transport to travel to the airport at any time of the day,\" said K P Singh Tomar, president of Federation of Greater Noida RWAs. \"With taxi drivers from Delhi unwilling to cross the border, we have to ask a taxi from our city to come to pick us up from the airport late at night,\" added Tomar.Residents claim that taxi owners charge several times more for the journey. \"Normally, they charge Rs 1,200 for a one-way trip to the airport, but at night they charge several times more,\" said Tomar.The situation is no different for Noida residents. \"Even though Noida is connected to the airport through the Metro, we have no public transport available at night,\" said S M Singh, president of Federation of Sector 62 RWAs of Noida. \"In many instances, people are left stranded at night when auto drivers refuse to go beyond the border,\" said Singh.Though DTC offers bus service to the airport on route no. 392A, the low frequency is a serious problem. \"The bus starts from Indirapuram in Ghaziabad and passes through Sector 62 in Noida, from where it goes to Dhaula Kuan, and then to the airport,\" said an official of DTC. \"However, the travel time between the source and destination is well above 100 minutes. People who are in a hurry to catch a flight don't choose to travel in these buses,\" said the official.The bus service is, moreover, not available at night, forcing residents to call taxis from Noida to pick them up. \"Because of lack of permits, we are not allowed to ply our buses beyond two points in Delhi-ISBT and the railway station,\" said an official of UPSRTC. \"We cannot expand our services to the airport until a route is devised jointly by the DTC and the transport department of Uttar Pradesh,\" said the official.While DTC runs an airport-service bus on route no. 392A in Noida, residents complain about low frequency. They are forced to pay the exorbitant taxi fares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12569219", "title": "Karnataka illegal mining case: CBI court extends judicial custody of Janardhana Reddy", "text": "BANGALORE: A CBI court today extended till April 17 judicial custody of former Karnataka minister and mining baron G Janardhana Reddy and his personal assistant Mehfuz Ali Khan, arrested in connection with an illegal mining case.Additional civil and sessions court Judge and CBI special court judge B M Angadi passed the order after CBI moved an application seeking extension of custody.Associated Mining Corporation and Deccan Mining Syndicate owned by Reddy and his wife Aruna Lakshmi have been facing probe over charges of illegal mining.Reddy and Khan, lodged in Bangalore central prison, were produced in court via video-conferencing.Meanwhile, hearing on bail pleas of Reddy and Khan was fixed for April 17 by the Judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565588", "title": "Bus driver was at fault, says BEST", "text": "The driver of the BEST double-decker was responsible for Friday's mishap in Bandra (E) and there was nothing wrong with the bus, said senior officials of the transport undertaking.With the Kalanagar turn (from Bandra-Kurla Complex, towards the Western Express Highway) coming at a sharp angle, any speed above 20 kmph could result in a bus tipping over, said BEST general manager Om Prakash Gupta.Speaking to TOI, Gupta blamed the driver, Jalimdar Bhosle, for the accident, alleging that he was driving the bus at a much higher speed in a bid to get past the Kalanagar signal. \"The signal had just turned amber from green. The driver, who was in a tearing hurry, swerved the vehicle and it overturned,\" he explained, adding that an inquiry would be conducted against the driver for alleged rash and negligent driving.Experience was also not on Bhosle's side. \"He is not a seasoned driver and has only over two years' experience,\" said Gupta. \"Whenever a bus takes a turn at a signal, the turning radius plays a key role. The driver has to use his judgment, reduce the speed of the vehicle and then turn the vehicle accordingly. This will ensure that the bus's centre of gravity is not displaced.\"A senior BEST official from the engineering department said there was no problem with the vehicle. \"We inspected the bus on the spot and found out that the mishap was not caused by any technical problem. It is a case of human error and the driver is to be blamed (for the accident),\" the official said.Experts in the transport body say the centre of gravity of a BEST double-decker, weighing around 7,600kg, is at the bottom of the vehicle. \"The driver has to bear in mind that passengers are not inconvenienced when brakes are applied or when he changes gears and accelerates on an empty road,\" one of them said.However, BEST committee member Ravi Raja alleged that this was rarely the case as reckless driving was rampant, drivers jumped signals frequently and also went beyond permissible speed limits. \"I have been in the committee for two decades , but have never heard of a double-decker overturning. This is alarming,\" he said.Another committee member, Dilip Patel, demanded that the double-decker buses be manned by only experienced drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12564865", "title": "Saint Kitts and Nevis PM invites city investors", "text": "LUDHIANA: You may not have heard the name of Saint Kitts and Nevis, an island near the West Indies, but it may be a good thing to keep a tab of what the prime minister of this island nation Denzil Douglas promised to Ludhianvis on Friday.On a visit to invite help and support for his country and people, Douglas was in Ludhiana on Friday, where he encouraged people to venture into his country considering relaxed tax and property laws it has for outsiders.He said his country is open for Indians to invest in hospitality, tourism, renewable energy and information technology and that they expect help from Punjab in terms of latest agricultural technologies in order to make the most of the little agricultural land the country has. Douglas said his country needs to indulge more in commercial agriculture of green vegetable and fruits and development of better live stock and Punjab can be an instrumental help in this regard. ''We will offer tax holidays and there is no income tax on earnings or corporation tax in our country.We will even waive off the import duty on the imports and the land are also available on lease from the government and also for the private holdings in which the owners rights are protected, said, Douglas. Saint Kitts is surrounded by Caribbean sea on the west and Atlantic ocean on the left, which renders an enjoyable weather throughout the year, Douglas said. The prime minister said he is looking for opportunities of joint ventures with the Indian government and with private companies as well. ''India has been our friend and we want to extend this friendship with increased economic and cultural exchange. We too, are a democratic nation with similar laws,'' said Douglas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564818", "title": "Gold chains nicked at temple in Red Hills", "text": "CHENNAI: Thieves made away with at least 50 sovereigns of gold jewellery from 10 women during a temple consecration festival in Red Hills on Friday morning.Police said the thieves appeared to have planned to target women devotees who converged at Goddess Lakshmi Amman temple on the occasion. They snatched chains and mangalsutras from 10 women. After the consecration, when the women realised their jewellery was missing, they informed policemen deployed for security at the temple.Police said the women devotees were so engrossed in the rituals during the ceremony they did not realise that their jewellery had been filched. \"We suspect that a particular gang from Thanjavur district was involved in the theft. The modus operandi of the gang is to mingle with large crowds during temple festivals and escape with jewellery while devotees are caught up in the spirit of the occasion,\" said Red Hills inspector (law &amp; order) Sam Vincent.\"The gang could have sprinkled water spiked with sedatives on their victims to keep them in a state of semiconsciousness for a while,\" he said. \"The thieves appear to be professionals as there were no injuries on the necks of the victims.\" Based on a complaint from the devotees, the Red Hills police have registered a case and launched a hunt for the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12565728", "title": "No illness, only wellness", "text": "MYSORE: Medicine and music make a great combo to treat neurological and psychological problems. Dr Anil Sangli, consultant neuro and spine surgeon, and his brother S Sripad, certified financial planner, personal finance and legal adviser, vouch dance and music for treatment. Going by their experience, the duo said patients treated with medicines and music have recovered faster than those who were given only drugs. \"Music therapy makes a great stress-buster,\" says the duo, who have conducted many free music therapy workshops and classes across the country.The origin of sound is as old as the origin of the universe itself -- music affects every one. The precious, resonant and exuberant quality of music has a vivacious and a pleasant effect on the human mind. The brain seems to have an innate affinity towards sound, which is applicable to an organized sound that is music. \"Music boosts brain power. We have conducted studies in comatose patients. Music can improve and sustain the outcome and quality of life by hastening recovery. Therapeutic musical interventions includes betterment of physical, mental, emotional, social and spiritual component within a person, and facilitates restorative movement away from illness towards wellness,\" said Dr Anil, chief co-ordinator of Medical Music Reverberation Therapy ( MMRT).\"All forms of music prevalent today -- Indian classical, film, western and eastern forms - are found to have a profound effect not only in human beings, but also on plants and animals. In Indian music, the raga pattern has a well-formed sequential, repetitive character, including the characteristic multiple sub-tones with phrases in between, causing the neural network to respond, bringing about the desired effect,\" said Sripad. Their group has been conducting studies on the effects of music on patients with neurological and psychological ailments, and has presented the studies at international neurosurgical conferences. Srian Envisions has been conducting neuro-musical and relevant awareness programmes, the most recent being the one held at Jaganmohan Palace. The topic, 'Stress management', highlighted the problems faced by 10-year-old Niranjan Bhat, a congenitally hearing impaired boy and his family in imparting basic training and guidance. Dhanalakshmi of Ashakirana Hospital, an HIV patient herself, has not only remodelled her life, but has also been striving to educate and help other victims cope with stress. She was awarded Srian Wellness Citizen Award in appreciation of her services.\"The benefits of music therapy not only include maintenance and re-attainment of skills, improved memory skills, etc, but it also motivates and encourages relations, improves learning capacities and capabilities in many patients. Musicality, meaning harmony, should encompass the society. These programmes are envisioned towards this socially-responsible goal,\" the duo says. A woman was taking 6-7 tablets a day, but after she took part in music therapy classes, she is taking just one tablet, Sripad said adding that music therapy will vary depending on individuals. Through music therapy, nearly 4,000 people have improved their health. The duo also conducts Rhythmic Weekly Wellness Walk, a free social-oriented wellness and health concept based on studies in music therapy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565037", "title": "Kin of stranded trader fall on hard times", "text": "MUMBAI: The financial position of Shyamsundar Agarwal's family is gradually worsening. His wife, Jyoti, is finding it hard to pay her children's fees and dues of their Elphinstone Road flat.Two Indian traders-Shyamsunder Agarwal and Deepak Raheja-are embroiled in a legal dispute in China. The two were abducted and tortured after their trading firm's owner fled without paying his dues to businessmen in south China's Yiwu city last year.\"I am supposed to cough up Rs 4 lakh as fees towards my elder son's medical education. My younger son studying management is seeking admission to a post-graduate course,\" said Jyoti Agarwal. \"We are even finding it hard to fork out monthly maintenance of the housing society,\" he added.There are no signs of Shyamsundar coming back soon as the Chinese administration is extending their visa till the time they settle the economic offence registered against them. Shyamsundar and Raheja are living on the streets of Shanghai after they were released on bail.\"Indian consular officials have extended some money so that we can go to Yiwu city for visa extension and stay there for two days,\" said Shyamsundar.He claims he has been falsely implicated in a case after he was forced to sign fake invoices. Initially, Shyamsundar and Raheja were kidnapped by Chinese traders after their company, Euro Global, failed to make payments against delivery of some goods.Shyamsundar's wife wired some money by selling ornaments and other movable assets to get them released. Later the police produced both the parties in the court upon which the two were granted bail.They owe Chinese traders nearly $1.58 million. However, the Yemeni owner of the company, where the two worked, is absconding. They cannot leave the country until they honour commitments to businessmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563483", "title": "Government readies line-up of commissioners", "text": "NEW DELHI: As the capital prepares to elect its councillors to lead the legislative wings of the three new corporations, the Delhi government is busy giving shape to the executive wings that will make administration of the municipalities after the April polls a reality.A 1991-batch IAS officer, Debashree Mukherjee, has joined MCD as officer on special duty and is pitched as one of the three commissioners leading the process of municipal governance post-trifurcation. While the final modalities are yet to be worked out, she may be posted as the commissioner of South Delhi Municipal Corporation. The current additional commissioners in the undivided Municipal Corporation of Delhi, Manish Gupta and Janak Diggal, are also being considered as two other commissioners, sources said.While the declaration on the appointment of commissioners will be made only after the municipal elections, the Delhi government is now trying to find a place for MCD commissioner K S Mehra in the government. Mehra, who retires in June, was principal secretary, PWD, before becoming MCD commissioner.In the coming weeks, there are likely to be changes in the government's executive wing. With power secretary Parimal Rai transferred to Goa, finance secretary D M Spolia is now handling the department.With the Delhi budget 2012-13 likely to be tabled in the assembly soon after the municipal polls, the government needs to free Spolia from additional duties of the power department. Spolia is also holding additional charge of law and the government is eager to get a full-time law secretary.Transfer orders of some deputy commissioners of districts are also in the pipeline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570178", "title": "Pooja Misrra for PETA", "text": "Pooja Misrra is supporting the cause of don't cage birds!Dressed as an intelligent colourful macau in Archana Kochar's ensemble, Pooja spoke eloquently about her love for the intelligent, adorable yet harmless birds who get withrawn and depressed as we humans cage them and sentence them to life imprisonment besides subjecting them to inhuman atrocities of clipping their wings, therefore Pooja took the initiative of being the voice of the encaged birds who suffer in silence!Probing all and sundry to realise birds deserve to soar high in the sky, socialise and set up nests with a mate of their choice!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "12565007", "title": "Humiliated over affair, teen commits suicide", "text": "BARRACKPORE: Unable to bear the humiliation meted out to her by her boyfriend's parents, a 15-year-old schoolgirl committed suicide at her house in Barrackpore's Bhattacharyapara near Titagarh in North 24-Parganas on Friday afternoon. The victim's boyfriend and his parents have been arrested. The boy's father is a police constable posted in Nadia.The accused will be produced in court on Saturday.Police said that the victim, a Class-IX student, was found hanging from the ceiling of her room around 1.30pm on Friday when she was alone in the house. The girl was taken to Barrackpore BN Bose Hospital where she was declared brought dead.Police suspect that the girl committed suicide after being allegedly humiliated by the parents of her boyfriend. No suicide note was found in the room. The body was sent for autopsy.For the past few months, the girl was reportedly having an affair with a boy in the neighbourhood, also a Class-IX student. In fact, they attended classes at the same coaching centre in Barrackpore. The boy's father, a police constable posted in Nadia, had, however, opposed to the relationship and had threatened the girl with dire consequences if shecontinued to meet her son. But the duo continued with their affair.The girl's mother, a school teacher, alleged that the boy's parents came to her house on Friday morning and publicly humiliated her and her daughter. \"After a heated argument broke out, some neighbours also rushed to my house. But the boy's parents continued to humiliate both of us in front of the others. They even abused and threatened me and my daughter before leaving,\" she said.The victim's mother then left for work, having no inkling about what was going on in her daughter's mind. \"I left my house for work. I could never imagine that my daughter will take such a drastic step. When I returned home, I found her hanging in her room,\" she said, breaking down in grief. Following the incident, she lodged a complaint at Titagarh police station.Later in the evening, police arrested the boy and his parents from their house in Barrackpore on charges of abetment of suicide. \"The three have been arrested on the basis of a complaint lodged by the victim's mother. A probe has started in this connection,\" said Biswajit Ghosh, additional deputy commissioner of police, Barrackpore. The trio will be produced in court on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565769", "title": "Allahabad High Court seeks reply from govt on illegal colonies", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court on Friday sought reply from the state government as to what steps it is taking to restrain mushrooming of unauthorised colonies and further regularising the existing ones under UP Urban Planning and Development Act.The court asked the state government to furnish before it the details of unauthorised colonies in the state, failing which the principal secretary, urban planning and development will appear in the court on April 16. The order came from a bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit on a petition filed by Nutan Thakur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565764", "title": "Bilawal on Zardari entourage, sparks agenda speculation", "text": "NEW DELHI: When Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari lands in Delhi on Sunday, he will be accompanied by his dashing 24-year-old son and Pakistan People's Party chief Bilawal Bhutto Zardari . Widely regarded as the heir apparent in his country and Rahul Gandhi's counterpart, this will be his first visit to India.While Zardari was always likely to be accompanied by some family members, Pakistani media had carried reports saying Bilawal was not going to accompany his father to India. Government sources on Friday confirmed that Bilawal, who became chairman of PPP at the age of 19 after the assassination of his mother Benazir , will attend the lunch being hosted by PM Manmohan Singh . He will then leave with his father for Ajmer where they will pay obeisance at Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti's shrine.The father-son duo will be accompanied by Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik. There was some speculation that Pakistani foreign minister Hina Rabbani Khar may also accompany Zardari but sources said there was no confirmation of her visit until late evening on Friday.According to those watching Pakistani politics closely, the Oxford-educated Bilawal has become more active since 2011, especially after his father was said to have been taken to Dubai for medical treatment. Bilawal is currently on a high after the stirring speech he delivered in Sindh this week demanding an apology from the Supreme Court for its role in the \"judicial murder\" of his grandfather Zulfiqar Ali Bhutto .While there is still a fair degree of confusion over whether or not home minister P Chidambaram will participate in the Sunday event, government sources confirmed that foreign minister S M Krishna will attend the lunch as well as the meeting between the two delegations. As of now, Krishna is the only certainty even though sources did not confirm his counterpart Khar accompanying Zardari.\"The PM has decided that Krishna be there as the visit involves a head of state. Chidambaram may or may not come but even if he does, there will be very little time for a separate time with his counterpart Rehman Malik ,\" a source said.Krishna's participation and speculation that Khar may also come has led to suggestions that there may be a more substantive agenda. Krishna, in fact, dropped a hint when he said that the PM may touch upon some bilateral issues in his meeting with Zardari.\"All bilateral issues between the two countries are likely to be discussed. I don't know if they will have enough time to go into details, but the very fact the prime minister is hosting a lunch they might get a chance to discuss some bilateral issues,\" he said in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12565693", "title": "South Western Railway awards 139 children", "text": "HUBLI: The South Western Railway Women's Welfare Organisation (SWRWWO), Hubli, organized scholarship awards and prize distribution ceremony at Railway Officers' Club in Hubli.Ashok Kumar Mital, general manager, SWR, was the chief guest.Rashmi Mital, president, SWRWWO, presided over the function. During the function, prizes were given out to winners of drawing, painting and essay writing competitions. Merit scholarship certificates with cash prizes were given to students. In all, prizes were given to 139 children of railway employees of both group 'C' and 'D' staff. Cash prizes amounting to Rs 1.6lakh were presented by the chief guests. Rashmi Mital congratulated the prize winners and wished that SWRWWO would march ahead with the same spirit to achieve greater success by rendering service towards various welfare activities in future also.Mital lauded various welfare activities organized by SWRWWO during 2011-12. He said, \"SWRWWO has been rendering excellent and valuable service in various fields not only to railway employees and their wards but also to the society.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565014", "title": "Hurdles for industrial rejuvenation", "text": "KOLKATA: History sometimes is cruel and it is so for the story of the evolution of industries in West Bengal. Considering engineering industry as the sign of industrial strength of a state, Bengal topped the list during Independence, with Maharashtra being a distant second.In the beginning of 1960s, which coincided with India's decisive move towards heavy industries (including the infrastructure related sectors like coal, steel, power, aluminium etc), Bengal commanded 1/5th of industrial output in India.The twin cities of Kolkata and Howrah reverberated with the noise of metal-based industries and the sirens of jute mills. Tea industry flourished in the Hills, Terai and Dooars, Tangail and silk sarees of Nadia and Murshidabad were simply exquisite. Handicrafts from Bankura, Birbhum and Nadia were wonderful; iron and steel and other mineral-based industries boasted their proud presence in Burdwan, Midnapore and Purulia districts.Alas, Bengal's industrial evolution proceeded in a peculiar linearity whereby all industries started becoming dwarfs in comparison to what India saw in the last 30 years or so. One is naturally prompted to ask how and why? And then one searches for some light at the end of the tunnel.The decline of Bengal's industries started with the dramatic decline of railway investment during the plan holidays of mid-60s. The whole engineering industry, which flourished to a large extent on railways demand, was given a body blow resulting in a steady decline of the largest employer among industries in Bengal.It was accompanied by political short-sightedness at that time resulting in directionless trade unionism which had a catalytic effect on the organized sector industries in Bengal.It was followed by a decline in the jute industry which was a mixture of falling demand in international market, unimaginative planning in the face of onslaught from synthetic substitutes and flawed central government policies in the 70s and the 80s.The tea industry suffered due to neglect of owners who neither planted new bushes nor upgraded the obsolete machines, losing markets to new players from Sri Lanka , Kenya and China. The handicraft industry faced problem of marketing and finance, showing absence of forward looking policies of the state government.Now, Bengal's economy is dominated by service sector, followed by a stagnant industrial sector and a declining agricultural sector. The industrial sector is dominated by the unorganized segment and Bengal claims the top spot in terms of employment in that sector with a share of 15.08% of 36.4 crore people working in there in 2005-06.This also amounts to about 90% workers among all workers in Bengal. However, per enterprise value added in this sector in Bengal is one of the lowest in the country. It follows that in terms of per capita net state domestic product at 2004-05 prices, Bengal, with its figure of Rs 30,504 in 2009-10 is at the 20th position. This suggests, our state may not provide a strong local market advantage for many products compared to other major states.However, the major hurdle for industrial rejuvenation of the traditional sectors where Bengal had an advantage seems to be the poor state of infrastructure on one hand and inefficiency in decision making processes on the other.Studies have shown Bengal's physical infrastructure has not improved over time in the last two decades. A report by Central Statistical Organisation (CSO) on Infrastructure in 2010 shows that per capita energy consumption in KW hours in Bengal in 2007-08 was 321.4 which was 27th among 35 states and UTs. In 2009 Kolkata's tele-density at 8.97 was lowest among the 4 metro cities. In 2008, percentage of surfaced roads in total road length in Bengal was 23.19 which put West Bengal at 26th position among 28 states.In 2011, credit deposit ratio for Bengal's scheduled banks was a mere 64% against India's average of 75%. To add to it, inefficiency in decision making was highlighted by \"Doing Business\" study of the World Bank in 2009, which puts Kolkata at 10th rank among 17 cities in India for starting a business, 16th in paying taxes and getting construction permits while putting 13th rank for the category registering property and enforcing contracts.So obviously need of the hour is rapid strides towards improvement in roads, power, communications, banking etc across the state. Given the precarious situation of state finance, one may welcome PPP models, but this requires case by case details regarding stages of private participation.It is true that the government has made much of its dealing with the business online, but the perception towards Bengal will only change after the improvements become more credible.Lastly, effort to introduce 17 clusters for development of gems and jewellery, leather, textile, handicrafts and electronics is commendable, but such an approach must go hand in hand with infrastructure development, building knowledge about local economies and reducing transaction costs of setting up as well as running a business. The new land bill passed recently hopefully will ameliorate in last issue to some extent.(The writer is professor and coordinator, Centre for Advanced Studies, Department of Economics, Jadavpur University)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565010", "title": "\u2018Rights of common people need to be protected\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal Human Rights Commission's newly appointed chairman Justice Asok Kumar Ganguly is for delivering speedy justice to rights violation victims. He wants to turn the commission into a body that will deliver justice fast. \"My task is to expedite judgments.\"Justice Ganguly is also planning to consider cases against private individuals, if there are instances of grave rights violation. So far, the state commission used to probe cases of rights violations by government staff and policemen. Complaints against private individuals were not entertained.Justice Ganguly said human rights have a wider ambit and, if needed, people whose rights have been violated by fellow citizens will be provided necessary support.Right now, the commission has a chairman and two members, following an amendment reducing the commission from a five-member body.The former Supreme Court judge who retired in February after pronouncing the verdict cancelling telecom licenses in the 2G spectrum scam, wants to streamline the rights body. He joined the commission this week and found it in a messy state. The commission was headless for over three years after Justice Shyamal Kumar Sen retired in December 2008.\"May be the Left Front government was not happy with the functioning of the commission and with some of the recommendations. That is why they did not appoint a chairman and kept it in limbo. The new government wanted me and the opposition leader also accepted my appointment,\" Justice Ganguly said.He said, \"The commission cannot churn out instant justice. But rights of common people need to be properly protected. Victims should get justice on an emergency basis, otherwise there is no use of this commission.\" He also wants the commission to function in a transparent manner.Justice Ganguly said, \"Since the commission does not work like a court, rights victims can always expect speedy justice.\" He is going to streamline administration in the commission and conduct rights awareness programmes. He will soon publish the annual report of the commission.The former schoolteacher of Khidderpore Academy, who joined the bar in 1972 due to meagre salary of teachers, said that he enjoyed teaching. \"If I had not joined the human rights commission, I would have gone in for teaching law.\"He felt judgments issued by the Supreme Court is more crucial as SC verdicts are considered final. He had also worked as chief justice of Cuttack high court and Madras high court. \"In the Supreme Court, there is no scope for an appeal, except a review.\"The former SC judge said that he had no pressure while giving the 2G verdict. He only said that the workload is very heavy in the apex court and judges need to cope with the challenges. He refused to say anything about the delay in pronouncing judgment in the 2G case, as the verdict was reserved.Justice Ganguly said the retirement age of judges of Supreme Court and high courts should be reviewed. High court judges retire at 62 and those of the apex court at 65.\"For SC judges, the retirement age can be 70 as most judges have the cerebral ability to judge and take a balanced view after 65. Though I have not discussed the issue with my brother judges, I think all judges have the same view. There is no scientific basis to think that after 65, judges lose their mental ability.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565350", "title": "Allahabad High Court expresses concern over hooliganism in College", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court has expressed serious concerns on the alleged conduct of a cabinet minister from Bahraich, his men and some sacked teachers of a college in the district for ransacking the institute and disturbing its functioning.A bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice DK Upadhayay directed the district magistrate and superintendent of police to hold an enquiry into the matter and provide appropriate security to the college and its staff. The court has summoned action taken report on Aril 11.A minority educational institution for Christians situated in Nanpara, St Peters Inter College, Bhopatpur and its principal approached the court with the grievance that hooliganism is affecting the institution's functioning. The college had terminated services of certain teachers, who were working in the institute on contractual basis. Labour enforcement officer, Nanpara sent a letter to the principal on March 28, 2012 stating that cabinet minister has instructed him to restore the services of the sacked teachers. However, the college did not reinstate the teacher. The sacked teachers and other persons also entered the college premises, disturbed its functioning and also damaged college properties, said the petitioner.\"As the letter clearly refers instructions given by the cabinet minister for labour enforcement officers, such actions on the part of sacked teachers, government employees or the minister concerned is against the rule of law,\" said the court. In case, the allegations are found correct, it is very disturbing feature, which requires immediate attention of the state government, the bench added.\"We hope and trust that the government shall ensure that no such incident happens now by any person, holding any office, howsoever high it may be,\" observed the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568272", "title": "'Man vs Midi' at The Park", "text": "The city's party people lived it up at Someplace Else, The Park, on Monday evening, as Skinny Alley featuring Adrian D'Souza put together a mindblowing performance - \"Man vs Midi\".The show ushered in the annual April Music Fest at the pub.We caught revellers having a good time as Adrian drummed up a storm and Jivraaj played electronics. The band belted out original compositions such as \"Who are you\", \"Relief\", \"Terrified\" and \"Used to be mine\" one after another.The pub was jampacked till 11.30 pm, the curfew hour, and with every song, the generous crowd cheered the performers on, their love for music coming to the fore with every roar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565240", "title": "Defence minister AK Antony in crosshairs for taking on arms lobby?", "text": "NEW DELHI: A spate of controversies about the Army may have been a result of the vicious factional feud within the force, but there are indications that the controversies are also being used as fodder to target defence minister AK Antony .Allegations against Army chief Gen VK Singh, ranging from deployment of off-the-air interceptors to unauthorized troop movements to the capital, may have emanated from internal rivalries in the Army, but many now suspect these are now being used to make a case against Antony for his \"inaction\" and inability to handle the delicate equation between the political leadership and the Army.The reasons for the suspicions are twofold. First, with the Army chief set to retire on May 31, the main worry of his rivals has ceased to exist. Second, Antony's anti-corruption stand has antagonized a whole range of interests: arms lobbies, middlemen, foreign governments and armament firms.Antony firm on clean processLast month, Antony banned six armament companies, including four foreign firms - Israeli Military Industries, Singapore Technologies Kinetics, Rheinmetall Air Defence ( Zurich ) and Corporation Defence ( Russia ) - for 10 years.It's said that some warned him against this radical step, saying the backlash could be severe. But the defence minister factored in the warning, kept the top political leadership informed about every step taken by him, and went ahead and blacklisted the companies in his deep belief that defence procurement by world's largest arms importer should be completely free of any taint.Despite the growing criticism about his handling of defence ministry, Antony remains unapologetic. Only this week, he acknowledged that blacklisting Israel's IMI had derailed a Rs 1,200 crore project in Nalanda, Bihar, for an ordnance complex of five plants to manufacture propellant charges for heavy-calibre artillery ammunition for Bofors Howitzers and other guns. However, he defended the decision.\"Blacklisting IMI has further delayed our Nalanda project. We are determined to modernize our armed forces fast but there will be zero tolerance on corruption. So, sometimes delays will take place,\" he said at the induction ceremony of nuclear submarine INS Chakra at Visakhapatnam on Wednesday.His quest for corruption-free defence purchases has been attacked as impractical and he has been blamed for delaying the modernization of the armed forces. But while this has argument has virtually been turned into conventional wisdom, facts prove that armed forces have fared much better under Antony in using up budgetary allocations. Last year, the defence ministry spent the entire allocation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564757", "title": "Court confirms death for rapist", "text": "MUMBAI: Four years after a four-year-old girl was kidnapped, raped and battered to death, the Bombay high court has confirmed the death sentence awarded to Nagpur resident Vasanta Dupare.\"While rape is an outrage on womanhood, rape of a 4-year-old girl by an adult, apart from being an outrage on womanhood, exhibits a perverted mind,\" said a division bench of Justices P V Hardas and Sadhana Jadhav.\"The accused had acted in a diabolical manner and had lured the unsuspecting victim to accompany him on a bicycle. Battering of the girl's head was done by the accused with extreme cruelty,\" said the judges.The court noted that Dupare (47) had not expressed any guilt after committing the crime. Dupare's lawyers tried to urge for leniency pointing out that he was a middle-aged married man with a family. The HC, however, refused to show any sympathy. \"The accused has not displayed any remorse or repentance for the act done by him and we do not find any material to indicate that there is a possibility of the accused reforming himself,\" judges said.\"The accused would continue to be a menace to society. Hence, we feel this is rarest of rare case calling for the extreme penalty of death,\" they added.The incident dates back to April 3, 2008, when the 4-year-old girl, Priya (name changed), was playing outside her house at Shiv Shaktinagar in Wadi. According to the police, Dupare lured Priya with the promise of buying her a chocolate. When she went missing, her parents lodged a complaint. The police caught a drunk Dupare who led them to Priya's bleeding body-she had been raped and her head had been bludgeoned. The prosecution examined 17 witnesses, including her parents and a minor girl who lived in the neighbourhood. She told the court that she had seen Priya on Dupare's cycle. A sessions court sentenced Dupare to death.Dupare moved the high court, claiming he was falsely implicated in the case. The HC rejected his plea and said the evidence was against him.\"At an age, when children are seen frolicking with gay abandon under the watchful care of their parents, the victim was kidnapped, raped and battered to death by the accused as is alleged by the prosecution,\" said the judges, while confirming the death sentence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563399", "title": "On Hanuman Jayanti, Little Hanu finds a home", "text": "NAGPUR: On Hanuman Jayanti, little Hanu was reunited with its ilk after undergoing treatment for trauma and an injury to its tail. Hanu went into shock following the death of its mother and was under the care of city NGO People for Animals (PFA).Exactly a month back, the three-month-old Hanu was orphaned when its mother died in an accident near Butibori. He was lying at the side of the road, scared and injured when he was found and rescued by Tejendra Lonare, Dr Prashant Illorkar and a forest department team led by Prashant Humne.\"He was initially taken to the forest department nursery at Butibori and given medication and first aid. But it was soon apparent that the young monkey was missing its mother and was in trauma,\" said veterinary doctor Illorkar.The People for Animals was then contacted and little Hanu brought to Nagpur and kept under the care of Karishma Galani. She christened it Hanu. Galani realized that the young animal was in dire need of mother's warmth and kept it with her at her home.\"When it came to me it was very weak and fragile. It was still under the shock of its mother's death and was not eating or drinking anything. We had to take it every day to the veterinary hospital near Alankar Talkies and administer saline. The treatment was carried out by Dr Shirish Upadhyay and Dr Rajendra Mahajan,\" Galani said.She even rocked the monkey to sleep at night so that it wouldn't miss its mother. \"It was natural for such a young child to miss its mother. But then I realized that it shouldn't get attached to me as finally it had to live in the wild,\" Galani said.Neeta Thakkar, a member of PFA, bought a teddy bear for Hanu in order to give it some solace. \"He likes the company of the teddy and slept soundly by hugging it in the night,\" said Galani.Apart form being in shock, the monkey was suffering from gangrene on a wound afflicted during the accident. Now, that it has cured and it is out of the trauma, Hanu is being handed over to the forest department at Seminary Hills where it will be kept in a cage adjacent to other monkeys. As Hanu is too young to take care of itself, he would not be released into the wild yet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12569504", "title": "'Consumers prefer digital cameras over camcorders'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Consumers' preference for digital still cameras are on a rise compared to camcorders, with the markfor digital cameras growing at 40% as against only 10% for camcorders in volume terms, going by industry estimates.With the plunging prices of digital cameras and technological addition of more camcorder-like features like HD video recording, camera makers such as Sony, Canon and Samsung say buyers are preferring to buy digital cameras as a single converged device.Tadato Kimura, general manager - marketing, Sony India, says the primary reason for the growth of digital cameras can be attributed to both first-time buyers and upgrade buyers.\"The penetration of this product is still low in India and hence more and more people are purchasing cameras to click and store memories,\" said Kimura. The company claims to be growing faster than the industry average with a 45% growth rate in digital camera from FY10 to FY11.Samsung too is seeing a robust 40% growth this year in digital cameras, with seven new models being introduced in this category as against 2-3 models in camcorders.\"There is a big shift towards high resolution cameras. More features such as more powerful zoom and 32 GB card, are attractive indicators contributing to this trend,\" says RajKumar Rishi, Vice-President (audio video business), Samsung India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564739", "title": "IITs hike number of examination centres for JEE", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2008, the Indian Institutes of Technology, for the first time, went overseas with their entrance examination as they set up a centre for the competitive test in Dubai.It has been four years since then, but it does not seem likely that the fifth edition of the exam in Dubai will have anything to write home about: not only has the number of students signing up for the IIT-JEE remained the same over the past few years, it has even taken a dip this year. While in the previous years, the number of candidates hovered around 200 to 220, this time around, the figure is 186.On Sunday, this small bunch of students, along with 5.06 lakh youngsters in India, will appear for the entrance exam held by the IITs, hoping to secure a seat in the prestigious technology school. Though the Dubai count of candidates has fallen, overall, the number has gone up from last year's 4.86 lakh and to accommodate all of them, the IITs have increased their exam centres to 1,067. With the 15 IITs across the country offering close to 9,590 seats, it will be a stiff competition as 53 candidates will have to battle it out for one seat. Incidentally, this year's test may become the last edition of the IIT's joint entrance exams as we have known it for years.Explaining the rules for the exam, JEE chairman G B Reddy said, \"Students will have to use a black ballpoint pen and not a pencil. The minimum score that a candidate must get to secure a rank has also been declared.\" The IITs have declared that general category students must score a minimum aggregate of 35% and at least 10% in each of the individual sections to be on the rank list. For OBC students, the minimum aggregate score should be 31.5% and at least 9% in individual sections; for SC/ST, it is 17.5% and 5% respectively.In the last few years, the IITs have had the highest number of students qualifying from the IIT-Bombay zone. But with the new scoring rules being implemented, it remains to be seen if the scene changes. Under the Bombay zone, the number of candidates has also gone up in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, forcing the IITs to open additional exam centres, but Pune has seen a drop in applicants' number. Across the state, the number of exam centres has also been increased from lat year's 47 to 54, with two new units being set up in Akola and one each in Solapur, Kolhapur and Ratnagiri. \"Exam centres in Mumbai are up from 13 to 16 and Navi Mumbai, from four to six. But we have fewer centres in Pune, where the figure has dropped from 11 to nine,\" said IIT-B's JEE chairman A V Mahajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568827", "title": "iPhone gets 'sext' app", "text": "First there was the Facebook \"poke\" - press an image of a finger to send a flirty signal to another user on the social network. Now online affection has been updated for the smartphone era with the \"thumbkiss\". Two users slide their thumbs over the screens of their separate iPhones. When their fingerprints line up, the screen turns red and the phones vibrate.This bit of mobile matchmaking was thought up by Pair, a social network where three's a crowd. Founded in February by five former classmates from the University of Waterloo in Ontario , the app has become the latest Silicon Valley sensation.Once two partners download Pair on their iPhones (a version for Android devices is in the works), they can send text messages, photos and videos to each other without worrying about interlopers viewing their intimate exchanges. Couples can also draw doodles and broadcast their locations to each other. Then there's that special thumbkiss, ideal for a long-distance good night. It results in \"some sort of dopamine release in your brain,\" says Pair co-founder Jamie Murai, 28. \"You feel connected to the person. It actually makes you feel happy.\"Pair's founders say they created the app out of necessity. After leaving school and moving as a group to Mountain View, Calif., to participate in the Y Combinator business incubator programme, three of the five became homesick for the girlfriends they had left behind in Canada . They abandoned their original idea of creating software for 3D designers and, in one 24-hour marathon coding session, built the mobile app that would become PairThe Pair guys say the app is not another social network.It's \"a different space for you and your partner,\" says Oleg Kostour, the 23-year-old chief executive officer. No other app lets couples share to-do lists and a calendar of anniversaries or search through a history of their interactions. The app's emphases on romance and secure sharing make it a perfect way to send, um, titillating messages to your partner, but Murai doesn't worry about that becoming the norm. \"Is it more compelling to sext your partner or is it more compelling to feel close emotionally to your partner?\" he asks. \"We definitely think it's the latter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564955", "title": "Objection! Courts' hiring lapses nixed checked", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For years, the recruitment process in district courts of the state had been inviting criticism. As the procedure was not centralized, allegations of favouritism and red-tapism were very common. But Mohit Soni, a retired Dahod court employee, blew the whistle on the flawed recruitment process through his RTI query and informed the high court about the illegalities. The result was that in February this year, the high court - for the first time in six decades - scrapped all recruitments across district courts, including that of Dahod and instituted a central examination system for 2,407 new recruits.\"A year after I retired from the Dahod district court, I filed an RTI query to know the details of those selected in the June 2005 batch,\" says Soni. \"I found that out of 80 people selected, 13 clerks, three peons and two drivers were all above the prescribed age limit, some even 42 years old.The advertisement brought out by the Dahod district court fixed the age limit up to 25 years.\" Soni adds, \"I worked in the clerical department and was aware of what actually goes on during such recruitment drives. I wanted to inform the high court of the malpractices and hence filed the RTI. As citizens, we should consider RTI a tool for participating in the democratic system.\"In 2009, a second round of the recruitment drive for class III and class IV employees was announced by the Dahod district court. Here too Soni demanded the final list of recruits. \"This time, the Dahod court did not respond,\" he says. \"I had waited almost a year for the reply. I then chose to inform the high court and packed all the information I had got under the RTI Act as proof\"The high court immediately responded in September last year following an RTI application, which Soni had asked one of his close friends to file. The RTI reply said, \"The principal district judge, Dahod, was informed to cancel the select list of class III employees as centralized examination will be held by the HC of Gujarat.\"In February this year, the high court made application forms for clerical and class IV posts - of district courts across the state - available online. Soni was particularly overjoyed because under the new system courts would have to recruit local candidates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12565652", "title": "Drought-hit villages in North-Karnataka doubles in a month", "text": "BELGAUM: The drought condition has worsened in the North-Karnataka region since February, particularly in Bijapur and Belgaum. Hence, drinking water issues have also doubled.Bijapur is a severely drought-hit district, where 161 villages are reeling under serious drinking water problem. Last month, only 82 villages faced this problem.The district administration is supplying water using at least 130 tankers in these villages. Similarly, drinking water problem has escalated from 10 villages to 21 in Belgaum, where the administration has been supplying water through 28 tankers. Ten villages of Dharwad are also suffering from this problem.According to sources in the regional commissioner's office, the number of livestock has been increasing in goshalas that are set up in different districts. As many as 10 goshalas have been set up in Bijapur, where 2,453 cattle have taken shelter.At least 1,321 cattle are kept in four goshalas in Belgaum and 643 cattle in 5 goshalas at Gadag. More than 5 lakh metric tonnes of fodder has been stocked up in Bijapur taluk, over 1 lakh metric tonne at Gadag and 84, 000 metric tonne in Belgaum. Fortunately, no fodder problem has been reported from Bagalkot, Dharwad and Haveri so far.Local administrations have taken drought relief works on war footage under Calamity Relief Fund. As many as 1,272 works have been completed of the approved 1,572 works, while 332 are under progress in Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Gadag and Haveri. Grants of Rs 24.22 crore is already spent in Bijapur under the fund.According to tahsildar ZA Maktedar, the administration is putting in all efforts to tackle the drought situation effectively. \"Around 1.25 TMC feet water has been released from Hidkal Dam for Bagalkot and Mudhol on March 28. A letter has been sent to the chief secretary of irrigation department, regarding the release of water from Koyna Dam in Maharashtra. This might help to mitigate the drinking water problem of 61 villages in Belgaum and several villages in Bijapur,\" he said.As many as 1,272 works have been completed of the approved 1,572 works, while 332 are under progress in Belgaum, Bijapur, Bagalkot, Gadag and Haveri. Grants of Rs 24.22 crore is already spent in Bijapur under the fund.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565808", "title": "SP parliamentary board to decide on allocation of coveted posts", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having declared its candidates for Vidhan Parishad, the Samajwadi Party is now gearing up to accommodate its party workers for the post of chairperson in different corporations and boards. The party is likely to call its parliamentary board meeting next week, when the party leadership will decide on the names of candidates who will be assigned various coveted posts in different corporations and boards.Party spokesperson Rajendra Chaudhary said that the process may be completed by April 15. \"Before that, the district committees have to be constituted for which the party has already started the process of sending observers in different districts,\" Chaudhary said. In fact, the party has already finalised the names of some of the district presidents.Sources said that this time, the party has decided to swap observers of one district with another. This has given the party a chance to understand the efficiency of workers in a better way. At the same time, the process has given rise to speculations that the workers may go overboard in influencing the observers in a bid to stake their claim.Sources affirmed that the party is treading cautiously on this front. Already, party workers have started hectic lobbying for the posts in different districts by putting forth their claims. Party leaders said that the demand for party flags has suddenly gone up, as workers are scurrying to show their clout and influence in their districts. Some 100 corporations and boards exist in the state, where the workers of the ruling party may be given the charge.However, a senior party leader said that that party may restrict itself to accommodating around 40 workers as chairpersons in corporations. Sources claimed that some of the workers may be asked to get into the groove once again as part of party's strategy to prepare itself for the Lok Sabha elections.The position of a chairperson gives the workers the status of a state minister bringing into effect the process of protocol, thereby enabling them to wield more influence. Most of the top ministries in the state had been allocated to the old timers and Mulayam's close aides. Sources hinted that young faces, probably the first-time MLAs may be given the opportunity to head corporations/boards. This will also test the young party workers' efficacy before they are picked up for key positions in future.This is where Akhilesh Yadav may play the most important role. As state president of Samajwadi Party, Akhilesh had dismantled the state executive committees as well as the district committees in one stroke soon after he was elected as head of the state legislature party. The move was essentially seen to reconstruct the party cadre from the scratch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12564716", "title": "Biggest helicopter tender on cards", "text": "NEW DELHI: In one of the world's largest tenders for multirole helicopters, the Indian Navy is planning to procure more than 75 such choppers at an estimated cost of over $4 billion to meet the demand of its expanding area of operations.The Navy had recently asked global helicopter vendors to prov de details about naval multirole helicopters and is planning to issue a global Request for Proposal (RFP) in this regard very soon.\"The Indian Navy would require more than 75 of these Naval Multirole Helicopters (NMRH) and this would be world's largest tender for multirole helicopters,\" US defence major Lockheed Martin's vice president for ship and aviation systems George Barton said. The Navy is planning to procure these new NMRH for carrying out anti-submarine warfare, special forces' operations and anti-submarine and anti-surface warfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573930", "title": "Ganga Premi Bhikshu force fed at Sir Sunder Lal Hospital", "text": "VARANASI: Ganga Premi Bhikshu had to be force-fed at the Sir Sunder Lal (SSL) Hospital of the Banaras Hindu University (BHU) on the 15th day of his fast on Friday due to deterioration in his health condition. He was then sent back to the Shiv Prasad Gupt (SPG) Hospital on Saturday.\"The decision of force feeding was taken after examining the health condition of Bhikshu,\" said BHU spokesperson Prof Rajesh Singh. However, the hospital authorities, including the medical superintendent, were tight lipped on the issue. Bhikshu was discharged from the BHU hospital on grounds of improving health condition. Later, he was shifted to the SPG Hospital from where he was referred to the BHU hospital two days back. \"Bhikshu is doing well and his condition is good,\" informed DB Singh, the superintendent-in-chief of SPG, when contacted.\"The doctors forcibly gave liquid food to me without my will, but my tapasya is intact,\" claimed Bhikshu. It may be mentioned here that Bhikshu went on hunger strike on March 23 when Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (Prof GD Agrawal) ended his fast unto death at the All India Institute of Medical Science, New Delhi. \"The force feeding is not ethical,\" said Swami Avimukteshwarand Sarswati, the convener of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam.Some section of the medical fraternity is also not in favour of forced feeding. \"As per the 1975 World Medical Association Tokyo Declaration, doctors can undertake force-feeding under certain restricted rules and only where a second, independent physician is consulted and agrees to the move,\" said Dr Arvind Singh. The Tokyo Declaration states: \"Where a prisoner refuses nourishment and is considered by the physician as capable of forming an unimpaired and rational judgment concerning the consequences of such a voluntary refusal of nourishment, he or she shall not be fed artificially. The decision as to the capacity of the prisoner to form such a judgment should be confirmed by at least one other independent physician. The consequences of the refusal of nourishment shall be explained by the physician to the prisoner.\" The World Medical Association revised and updated its Declaration of Malta on hunger strikers. Among many changes, it unambiguously states that force feeding is a form of inhuman and degrading treatment.Meanwhile, the Ganga tapasya continued for the clean and uninterrupted flow of the Ganga ont Kedar Ghat on Saturday. People from different organisations continued to visit the Kedar Ghat to extend their support to the Save Ganga Movement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564002", "title": "Mahavir Mandir earns Rs 6.44cr during 2011-12", "text": "PATNA: Mahavir Mandir, Patna, earned over Rs 6.44 crore during financial year 2011-12. This is the second highest declared temple income in north India after Vaishno Devi's income.Sri Mahavir Sthan Nyas Samiti secretary Kishore Kunal said that Rs 2,49,35,252 were received as offerings in the temple while a net profit of Rs 2,29,58,914 was generated from the sale of naivedyam (laddoos). He said that a sum of Rs 1,19,67,435 was obtained as fees from various rituals and services while devotees donated Rs 27,75,735 through cheques and drafts. Kunal said that Rs 18,26,416 was earned as profit from other sources.He said that against this income, the Mahavir Mandir Trust had an expenditure of over Rs 82 lakh and the remaining amount was spent on four hospitals of the temple: Mahavir Cancer Sansthan, Arogya Sansthan, Netralaya and Vaatsalya Asptal and other philanthropic activities. The Samiti secretary said that for the current fiscal year 2012-13, the Trust, at its meeting held on March 28, 2012, passed a budget of over Rs 70 crore for the temple and four hospitals run by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564846", "title": "Sohrab case: Court denies bail to 2 cops", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A special CBI court has once again refused to entertain bail applications of two constables - Santram Sharma and Ajay Parmar, who are jailed in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case. The refusal on part of the court was on the ground that the duo is not in custody of CBI court.Interestingly, both the constables have been regularly produced before the magisterial court of CBI for last two years even as the central probe agency has cited them as witnesses and recommended their discharge in its chargesheet. The denial by CBI court has posed a greater question regarding the custody of both the accused, who are in jail since 2007.Special CBI judge Y B Mayani refused to entertain Parmar and Sharma's bail applications on the ground that CBI has not filed chargesheets against them. The CBI court also did not take any cognizance against them, as no case was registered. Hence the sessions court, which looks after CBI cases, would have no jurisdiction and it cannot grant bail.In 2010, also, their bail plea was rejected on the same ground. Their counsel, N K Jaiswal said that now he would approach the Gujarat high court. \"This is because another accused, police inspector V A Rathod was granted bail by the Supreme Court, and we were seeking bail on the ground of parity because he was also shown a witness by CBI,\" the lawyer said.Rathod, Sharma and Parmar were cited as witnesses by the new probe agency. Rathod was a witness for CID (crime) also, but the HC made him an accused by an order on application by other co-accused cops. However, after CBI took over the probe in 2010, it added five more names in the list of accused in its chargesheet, but deleted names of these three policemen. However, no court granted bail to them, and finally Rathod had to move the SC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563456", "title": "2 bikes stolen from different areas of city", "text": "NASHIK: Two vehicles were reported stolen on Thursday. A bike worth Rs 20,000 was stolen from the Dindori Road area, where complainant Dalaram Chaudhary resides. Chaudhary had parked the bike in front of his residence. One more bike worth Rs 20,000 got stolen from Kaveri Sankul, Ashok Stambh. Owner Subhash Patil had parked his bike at Kaveri Sankul, from where it was stolen.Biker injured: A 46-year-old biker was injured in an accident after being hit by a car driver at Chehedi octroi naka. Niphad resident Ravindra Jadhav (46) was driving near Chehedi naka when a speeding car from the opposite direction hit his vehicle, injuring Jadhav and his wife, who was riding pillion. The Nashik Road police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563347", "title": "Mob charge dropped in fraud case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Five people, accused of being involved in 29 cases of cheating, forgery and breach of trust in various states, have been discharged of the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) by a trial court. The court said that merely committing forgery or cheating repeatedly may not make one liable to prosecution under the Act.The five had been booked by the special cell of Delhi Police for their alleged involvement in 29 cases of cheating, forgery and breach of trust for running a racket of providing fake passports and visas in Delhi, Haryana and Punjab. While discharging five alleged habitual cheat-cum-fraud of the stringent MCOCA charges, the court sent the matter back to the magisterial court for trial under penal offences of cheating, forgery and breach of trust.Additional sessions judge Savita Rao pointed out that in the absence of violence or its threat in committing offences like cheating or forgery for pecuniary gains, they can well be dealt with under the normal penal laws.Defence Colony resident Vipin Sharma, his wife and others were arrested after a complaint was lodged against them for refusing to return Rs 6 lakh paid to them by a man for getting a passport &amp; VISA for his son. When the complainant did not get the passport in two months, he demanded his money back but was given dud cheques by Sharma. The complainant also alleged that he was assaulted by Sharma for repeating his demands.ASJ Rao, however, said that the necessary ingredient of violence was missing in their acts.\"The subsequent off shoot of case of assault by accused persons are not sufficient to conclude that they had undertaken unlawful activities by means of violence, intimidation or coercion,\" the court said.Providing the fake passport or VISA, as alleged, could not have been for any other purpose than to have pecuniary gain, the court said. The court also noted the defence argument that merely because the accused are related, they cannot be held to be running a crime syndicate.The court said that merely committing forgery or cheating repeatedly may not make one liable to prosecution under the MCOCA Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564550", "title": "Gupta orders action against squatters in 228 quarters", "text": "BHOPAL: Action would be taken against illegal occupants of 228 government quarters. Home Minister Umashankar Gupta has issued instructions for the same on Friday, according to an official release.Gupta said concerning police station in-charge and officers of Public Works Department ( PWD) should jointly take action in three days. Officers of Madhya Pradesh State Electricity Board (MPSEB) should frame cases against such people for illegal consumption of power. Gupta visited 228 Quarters, Sunehri Bagh, Mata Mandir areas, Saraswati Nagar, Shastri Nagar and Roshanpura slums area in Ward No. 30 on Friday and listened to residents' problems.Gupta instructed to clean sewage line, plug leakage in drinking water pipeline and repair road in 228 Quarters. On citizens' demand, the Home Minister instructed to develop a park on a vacant space near 228 Quarters and clean drains in Sunehri Bagh and ensure adequate supply of drinking water at Sai Mandir in Shastri Nagar. He also instructed for regular sanitation works and placing a waste bin at Saraswati Nagar.In Roshanpura slum area, the Home Minister instructed to repair road and install streetlights. Officers of Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC), the MPSEB and the police accompanied the Home Minister during his visits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564648", "title": "Silence about H1N1 spreading the virus?", "text": "HYDERABAD: A dozen people have died due to swine flu in the GHMC jurisdiction so far this year and as many as 83 people have tested positive for the air-borne virus in the last three months. But 'mum's the word' for the state health department that seems to be counting the virtues of silence as against talking about the spread of the infection. A spurt in the number of deaths and cases in March led to Andhra Pradesh recording the second highest number of cases in the country after Maharashtra. The silence, experts say, is only adding to the numbers.Private hospitals, which are recording a considerable number of swine flu patients, have been barred from doling out any information on swine flu to the media. So far, 30 patients have been treated at the state-run Gandhi Hospital alone. Specialists say that the government's response to the H1N1 Influenza this year has been poor. \"The government has chosen to curb the flow of information as against curbing the disease,\" a specialist said. So far, a number of deaths have been reported in city hospitals: Gandhi Hospital (4), Apollo Hospital (4), Rainbow (1), Yashoda Hospital (1), Fernandez Hospital (1) and Mahaveer (1).A doctor said that just by blaming other states and sleeping over the issue is not going to solve the problem. Unlike the first time, when a major exercise was conducted to contain the spread of swine flu, this time even the airport checks were missing. There is no awareness drive at railway stations either. Experts maintained that there was no way to stop people from travelling but by at least keeping a thorough vigil at the railway and bus stations would make a difference. Furthermore, sources insist that because the information was largely withheld, people are unaware of the prevailing situation. Pertinently, they add that the officials are displaying leniency in making adequate arrangements and overseeing the implementation. \"The government claims that it does not want to create a panicky situation by revealing the details but it should also know that it can't mask the issue. By doing this, the toll would only go up,\" a specialist said.Swine flu nodal officer Dr K Subhakar however, said that there was no need to introduce checks at the airport and railway stations because the virus is in the air. \"The situation is different from 2009 when there was the first swine flu outbreak in the state. Earlier, the virus was not prevalent like it is now,\" said Dr Subhakar. He said that the official death toll so far was nine and added that the reports were being received late.The govt has chosen to curb the flow of information as against curbing the disease, says a specialist said. This silence, experts say, is only adding to the numbers", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12570278", "title": "Swine flu case: 29 test positive in Tamil Nadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Twenty-nine persons have so far tested positive for swine flu in Tamil Nadu but instances of the virus were not \"endemic but sporadic,\" health and family welfare minister Dr VS Vijay said on Saturday.Those who have tested positive mainly hail from the districts of Chennai, Coimbatore and Tirupur, he told reporters here.Assuring people that there was no need to panic, he said instances of the virus were \"not endemic but sporadic.\" Children and old persons with lesser resistance were more prone to swine flu, he said.A 75 year-old farmer from Tirupur district died due to swine flu last week. Twenty-six of his relatives have been administered with preventive vaccine, the minister said.\"None of the relatives of the victim has been affected by the virus,\" he said after inspecting facilities at Swine Flu special wards set up in state-run Communicable Diseases Hospital, Stanley Hospital and Rajiv Gandhi General Hospital.Tests of throat swabs were being done at government labs in King Institute, Chennai, and government medical college hospitals in Chennai, Madurai, Coimbatore and Tirunelveli besides 12 private laboratories, he said.Preventive vaccines are being administered to health workers and lab professionals as they were directly dealing with persons suspected to have contracted the virus, he said, adding, 25,000 doses of vaccine had been provided by the Centre.Government was taking various steps in this regard and had set up monitoring groups at entry points to the state, including the airport and railway stations, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564946", "title": "Nadeem murder: No bail for Mushir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city sessions court has refused bail to Mushir Ismail Qureshi alias Mushir Mulla in connection with the Nadeem Saiyed murder case.Mushir was arrested in December last by the city crime branch as soon as he landed at Ahmedabad airport. Another accused in this case, Mohammed Sharif alias Kalu Gardan had revealed that Mushir had planned the murder of the RTI activist.Mushir could not be nabbed as before a couple of days of the incident, he had left for Dubai . The investigators came to know from the seven accused who were arrested that Mushir had paid Rs 5 lakh for the murder.Saiyed was killed on November 5 last year in Juhapura. This happened after he filed a complaint with the police in connection with the illegal cow slaughter business that was being run in the area. On the basis of his information, the cops raided the spot. This incident allegedly led the butchers to conspire to eliminate Saiyed.Saiyed was also a witness in the Naroda Patia case, and he had deposed before the special court a few days before he was killed. He had also complained that former gangster Abdul Wahab Baloch had been trying to influence him to change his statement in the post-Godhra riots case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564355", "title": "Maid racket may involve 6 sisters", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The domestic servant racket case is becoming more tangled by the day. The UT police were stumped when they learnt that main accused Radhika has six sisters, all in the same profession, and all resemble her.The fact came to light when a team of Haryana police contacted the city police. Sources said when they showed Radhika a photograph bearing strong resemblance to her, she claimed it was her elder sister's.Sub-inspector Ashok Kumar said though Panchkula cops were sure that that the girl in the picture was Radhika, the accused's revelation that she had six sisters has provided another twist to the case. Meanwhile, three other residents have approached UT police, claiming they were also targeted by domestic maids. A police team has been dispatched to Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565805", "title": "\u2018CAG findings overestimated\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The yet-to-be-tabled CAG report, while transcending the details of the rampant land misuse, has also highlighted the involvement of several dramatis personae - the tahsildar, talati, divisional officer and the collector. But if these foot soldiers of the government machinery are to be believed, the CAG findings are 'grossly overestimated ' and 'blown out of proportion'.\"There needs to be an effective monitoring of the lower level CAG officials, especially in their auditing section. The estimates they highlight are highly exaggerated,\" said a senior official in Mantralaya.The CAG conducted its latest audit in six major districts of Maharashtra to find out if the disposal of land was in accordance with existing rules and regulations.The audit teams are required through a complex structure of collectors assisted by sub-divisional officers and tahsildars in their respective districts.\"But the functioning of the CAG through such a complex structure is questionable. Tell me how many times the CAG has taken action against its own officials for not doing their duty diligently?\" said NCP MLA Nawab Malik who had questioned the CAG findings in the Maharashtra legislative assembly earlier in the week.The CAG examines various aspects of government expenditure and its audit is broadly classified into regularity audit and performance audit. The revenue portion of the performance audit was presented by the opposition to the speaker of the Maharashtra assembly earlier this week. A subsequent leaking of the report had created furore in political circles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564117", "title": "Airlines yet to cash in on Kingfisher Airlines opportunity", "text": "PATNA: Even though Kingfisher (KF) Airlines withdrew all its flights to and fro Jaya Prakash Narayan International Airport here sometime back, other airlines have not increased the frequencies of their flights or introduced new flights. As a result, options available to flyers from the city as also the state have reduced and there is rush for seats in the existing flights. There is no indication yet when KF will be able to resume its flights.Sudho Ghosh, security agent of Kingfisher Airlines , Patna, said, \"There is no official word so far on when the flights will be resumed.\" However, he said, the entire staff were being paid their salaries by the company.In a bid to cope with passenger rush, Jet Airways and IndiGo Airlines have made some changes in their summer schedule. The afternoon flight of Jet Airways for New Delhi was rescheduled at 2.50pm from 1.55pm in the last week of March.As for IndiGo Airlines, its operation officer, Gunjan, said, \"Our morning flight, G8342, for New Delhi has been resumed on April 4, which was suspended in November last year due to fog. The suspended Mumbai-bound flight was resumed earlier.\"Meanwhile, the arrival of Air India's flight from New Delhi to Patna was delayed by 45 minutes on Friday afternoon. Flight number AI 407 could take off from New Delhi at 3.15pm against the scheduled time of 2.30pm. It landed at the Patna airport at 4pm. The return flight departed at 4.45pm.AK Sinha, Air India's flight operation officer here, said, \"We regret that passengers had to suffer due to some technical snag in the flight.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12574022", "title": "Jewellery shops open, again", "text": "RANCHI: The jewellery shops of the city opened on Saturday after a two-week strike, and were soon buzzing with buyers who were desperately waiting for them to open.Many people who have weddings and other functions coming up were tensed about the unavailability of the jewelleries and were thinking of going to other states to buying them. Rakesh, whose sister's wedding is at the end of this month, said, \"Had the shops not opened this week, I would have definitely left for Kolkata or somewhere else where I could have bought ornaments. After all, we cannot cancel the wedding so that there is no other option left. I am happy that the shops have opened.\"The artisans who were not getting any work in last two weeks also heaved a sigh of relief after the strike got over and the small jewellery shop owners who were incurring heavy loss, were also pleased as the strike was called off.Manish, a jewellery shop owner, said, \"I've incurred a loss of crores in the past few days. Now, I will try to make up for the loss.\"During the strike, shops throughout the state incurred a loss of more than Rs 300 crore, sources said.The Jewellers' Associations of Jharkhand decided to call off the strike after Union finance minister Pranab Mukherji declared to remove the excise duty on Friday. Vijay Burman, chairperson of gold and silver jewellers association, said, \"We have decided to call off the strike till May 11, and if the excise duty is not removed till then, we will protest to a higher level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563123", "title": "Govt for higher city skylines to curb realty prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: The skyline of Indian cities could soar as the government considers permitting vertical growth with the aim of checking runaway realty prices and generating resources to upgrade urban infrastructure for future growth.A Planning Commission steering committee, in its draft report, has recommended providing additional FSI (floor space index; the ratio between built-up area and plot size) as development rights, but said it should not come free of cost.The panel said the charges for additional FSI and land-use conversions should be at least 50% of the circle rate in the area and should be determined professionally. It added that additional FSI should be permitted selectively.The commission's steering group on urbanization said the revenue from grant of additional FSI should be \"suitably ring-fenced for funding infrastructure projects to sustain higher FSI\".'Move will check realty prices'\"The proposals, if accepted, would substantially increase availability of housing stock and moderate realty prices,\" said an urban development ministry official.Calling the present density regulations in Indian cities \"archaic\", the report noted that Indian cities had the lowest FSI in the world. \"This (densification) should be part of a balanced strategy for expanding the effective supply of prime land and, in the process, raising funds to finance urban infrastructure improvements,\" the committee noted.The Centre should introduce incentives that encourage states and cities to pursue densification strategies for future urban development, it said.Many cities were already levying such charges for additional FSI in some form or the other, it noted. Hyderabad, for instance, has a 'city level impact fee for highrise buildings' and Ahmedabad has systematically been selling a limited amount of additional FSI.The committee said higher FSI should go hand in hand with provisions such as amalgamation of plots to make housing more affordable.Rather than the current practice of having a blanket FSI across a city, the panel wanted mixed land use promoted through the concept of granular FSI. \"Densification with mixed land use as a planning strategy needs to be followed by the authorities to accommodate future urbanization needs,\" said a ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12563932", "title": "Konkani musical play on Rainbow FM", "text": "All India Radio's Rainbow FM will broadcast a Konkani musical play, 'Kallo Dhondo' (Black marketing), on Sunday from 9pm to 10pm. Written by Cezar D'Mello, the play is produced under the banner of Mil Mel Nel Productions and presented by Saish Deshpande. The cast includes Elina Fernandes, Milagres Fernandes, Anthony Fernandes, Kevin D'Mello, Pradeep Naik, Moses Pinto, Bosco Menezes and Mil Mel Nel. The music is provided by maestro Agnelo Dias (trumpet), Luis Cotta (saxophone) and Nixon Vas (keyboards and percussions).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564778", "title": "No road width reduction in new development plans", "text": "MUMBAI: In what seems to be a consequence of the Adarsh housing society scam, the state government has not permitted any reduction in road width while finalizing new development plans for 38 towns and urban areas.Areas for which DPs have been finalized include those falling within the jurisdiction of the Vasai-Virar Municipal Corporation and the Kalyan-Dombivli Municipal Corporation.A senior government official, who was involved in the process of finalizing the DPs, said chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had instructed officials to ensure that road width (finalized on the basis of parameters like volume of traffic) is not altered under any circumstance. Chavan, said the official, had also insisted on public reservations not being sacrificed for private usage.The government had set April 5 as the deadline for notifying DPs of these 38 locations. Some of the DPs had been pending for a few years.A scrutiny committee, comprising secretaries of the urban development and housing departments, director and deputy director of town planning department and municipal commissioners or chief officers of the concerned area, recommended the final DPs, which were approved by Chavan.The committee had suggested reservation of plots for dumping yards, sewage treatment plants, cremation grounds, slaughter houses, asphalt mixing plants and an interstate truck terminus in the new DPs. These suggestions were okayed by Chavan. Locating a dumping ground has been a bone of contention in bigger and more developed areas like Mumbai, Navi Mumbai and Pune with locals opposing the state's move. By reserving a \"suitable\" plot for dumping activity in the DP itself, the government is hoping to avoid conflicts with citizens.Officials said Chavan studied the plans in detail before approving them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "12565708", "title": "Corporation Bank revises home loan interest rates", "text": "MANGALORE: Corporation Bank revised the rate of interest on home loans with effect from April 1. The bank offers an attractive rate of interest of 10.75 percent on home loan under floating rate for amount up to Rs 25 lakh for a period up to five years.The rate of interest for other tenors under floating rates is as follows. Interest rate for amount upto Rs 25 lakh for a tenor of above five years and upto 10 years is 10.80 percent.Interest rate for amount upto Rs 25 lakh for a tenor of above 10 years and upto 15 years is 10.90 percent. Interest rate for amount upto Rs 25 lakh for a tenor of above 15 years and upto 25 years is 11 percent.Interest rate for amount above Rs 25 lakh and upto Rs 50 lakh is 11.25 percent for a tenor of five years. Meanwhile, above five years and upto 25 years, the interest rate will be 11.65 percent.The interest rate for above Rs 50 lakh for a period of five years will be 11.50 percent and above five years and upto 15 years it will be 11.75 percent. Meanwhile, for above 15 years to 25 years, the interest rate will be 12 percent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563395", "title": "Directorate of Technical Education takes steps to expedite engineering admission process", "text": "NAGPUR: After reducing rounds of engineering admissions from four to three, the state Directorate of Technical Education (DTE) has come out with more changes to expedite the lengthy admission process that stretches till October.Now, the students would be offered 100 options in the form during the first and second rounds, of which they have to take admission in top three colleges if allotted in the list. Till last year, the students were offered 20 options and they had to take admission in top nine colleges allotted to them.During the second round, they used to get 35 options of which they had to confirm admission in top 15 colleges. For the third round, they used to have 45 options at their disposal and they were supposed to take admission in any one of them if the colleges were allotted against their names. Those students who failed to get admission during first three rounds were called for the final counselling round. Now all will change from the forthcoming academic session.Technical education director Subhash Mahajan told TOI that they will try to finish all admissions within first two rounds. \"The remaining ones would be admitted through counselling round which would be the last round,\" he said.Mahajan added that they would try to finish the entire admission process by July so that students do not suffer as their first semester examinations are in November.In Maharashtra last year, a staggering number of over 79,000 seats remained vacant in all technical faculties that included diploma, degree and postgraduate degree courses coming under DTE. In engineering degree courses, nearly 30% seats remained vacant in the state while in diploma 25% were not filled.This happened even after AICTE lowered bar for engineering admissions from 50% in class XII examination till last year to 45% (40% for reserved category) aggregate in physics, chemistry and mathematics (PCM) group. Over 2.54 lakh applicants appeared in MHT-CET in last May. Still, a large number of seats remained vacant despite extending dates and lowering eligibility criterion. This year the MHT-CET would be conducted on May 10.This has prompted the DTE to take steps to reduce the admission process. The AICTE has also expedited its process of granting new colleges and now they will be announced the names before the admission process commences all over the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12563948", "title": "Landowner booked for Dhavali fire", "text": "Responding to a complaint lodged by Ponda deputy collector and sub divisional officer (SDO) Johnson Fernandes, the Ponda police have registered an offence against the landowner Kashinath Gawde on Friday. However, no person was arrested till late Friday evening, police said.Some unknown person had set fire to some hazardous industrial waste including PVC (poly vinyl chloride) sheets, bottles with some chemicals abandoned at Dhavali on Saturday evening. The fire has engulfed the Acacia trees in the forest surrounding the spot. The police had summoned fire tenders from Ponda, Kundaim, Margao and Panaji to bring the raging flames under control.IAC asks CM to set up toll-free helpline: Goa chapter of India against Corruption (IAC) has urged the chief minister Manohar Parrikar to set up toll-free helpline for people who wish to complain against corrupt officials. Welcoming Parrikar's 'Zero tolerance for corruption', IAC convenor Satish Sonak said, \"IAC expects from you a committed and regular follow up. Ultimately it is actions which will speak louder than words\". Sonak also requested the chief minister to 'give some time to the citizens who are eagerly waiting to fight corruption'. \"Please, everyday find time from your really extremely busy schedule to personally spare a few moments at a certain specified time so that people can telephonically inform you about any corrupt activities taking place. We propose that the call could then be re-routed to the concerned department or corporation and/or to the anti corruption bureau,\" Sonak stated in a letter addressed to the chief minister.'Kanyadan', 'Dhanlaxmi' schemes scrapped:The state government has closed the 'Chief minister's Kanyadan' and 'Dhanlaxmi' schemes being implement by the directorate of women and child development, Panaji, with effect from March 31. Thus no applications under these schemes will be accepted by the department, states a press note issued by the department of information and publicity. Fresh application will be accepted once the new 'Ladli Laxmi' scheme is formulated.POWER SHUTDOWNSalvador do Mundo (April 9): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - Kadamba depot, Paithona, Salvador do Mundo, Ekoxim, Britona, Alto-Torda, Ganesh temple and vicinity.Socorro (April 10): Between 9am and 2pm: Areas to be affected - Socorro, Porvorim bazaar, 20-point programme, Zosvaddo, Maina-Ambrina and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564426", "title": "Locals rescue cops from rampaging foreign nationals", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a case of reversal of roles, it seems that the actual heroes were the locals who came to the rescue of the policemen when they were attacked by foreign nationals yesterday. Three Sudan nationals, an American and an Egyptian were arrested yesterday for assaulting cops at Langer Houz.Langer Houz police on Friday said that cases were registered against the three Sudanese - Mohammed Muneer Abu Mohammed, Aiman Adam Abdula Salae, Mohammed Sameer Aliwas, the US national Abdul Ahmed and the Egypt national Mohammed Sharif, under section 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty) of Indian Penal Code and the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Act as police recovered ganja from the accused.\"Most of the force belonging to Langer Houz police station was deployed for bandobust duties in connection with the Hanuman Jayanthi procession. There were very few policemen present in the police station when the five foreigners attacked our policemen. But some of the locals came to our rescue,'' Langer Houz inspector Ratnam said.On Thursday night, after a patrolling team picked up Sudan national Adam in a nuisance case, his friends rushed to the police station and barged into inspector Ratnam's cabin. When the inspector asked them to wait outside, they turned violent and started attacking the policemen.They attacked the head constable and sub-inspectors, who suffered bleeding injuries. It was at this stage that the locals came to the rescue of the police and helped them in controlling the miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565796", "title": "Kalmadi targets deputy chief minister over water crisis", "text": "PUNE: Even as citizens continue to reel under water scarcity, politicians are busy taking potshots at each other over the issue. Emerging from political sabbatical MP Suresh Kalmadi on Friday fired a salvo at deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and opposed his proposal to merge fringe villages in the city limits. He said that it will worsen water crisis.Kalmadi issued a press statement without naming Pawar and stated, \"Some people are talking of merging fringe villages in the city limits. The city is already facing major water crisis and even the garbage problem has turned worse. No villages should be merged in Pune until there is sufficient water available to cater to the need of existing population.\"Recently Pawar had stated that fringe villages in the city should be merged in Pune to facilitate integrated development.Kalmadi added, \"I have spoken to the chief minister in regards with city's water supply. The dam has sufficient water to cater to the drinking needs of the city. Then why impose water cuts? Drinking water should be the priority and citizens must get enough water.\"Meanwhile, city-based Sajag Nagrik Manch (SNM) has alleged that the PMC is wasting 1,50,000 litre per day because of leaking water valve of the underground water tank at Vetal tekdi. The tank supplies water to Kothrud, Gokhalenagar area which comprise almost 3.5 lakh of the population.Vivek Valankar of SNM said, \"Water is wasted by the PMC because of sheer negligence. Local residents told us that the leakage has been there for the last three years.\"However Vishal Haribhakt, executive engineer with the PMC's water supply department, said that the PMC has not detected any leakage.\"We had not received any complaint till Friday afternoon. After we received a complaint on Friday, I asked a team to check the leakage. But, no leakage was found. On Saturday morning we will once again inspect the site and take necessary action, if required,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565858", "title": "Government reshuffles 5 IAS officers", "text": "LUCKNOW: In another administrative reshuffle on Friday, the government has posted senior IAS officer Sanjeev Nair as principal secretary, sugar industry and cane development. Kamran Rizvi has been relieved from the charge of secretary sugar, industry, but would continue as cane development commissioner. Commissioner and secretary Board of Revenue Ashish Kumar Goel has been posted as chief staff officer to the chief secretary. Chief Development Officer (CDO) of Maharajganj has been posted as the district magistrate of the same district. Similarly, CDO, Rampur Anil Dhingra has been posted as district magistrate of the same district. Thirteen IAS officers of 2008 batch have been given senior pay scale with effect from January1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564571", "title": "Hyper City staff booked for extortion", "text": "BHOPAL: Almost seven months after an incident related to manhandling of a city doctor in a super market in a city mall, the police registered a case of extortion against the staff of the super market. Complaint was registered against Hyper City staff in DB Mall by the MP Nagar police.Only last month, the Hyper City staff was involved in harassing and misbehaving with a Congress MLA, Panchilal Meda. The matter was raised in Vidhan Sabha.This time staff of then Hyper City allegedly manhandled a doctor and snatched his mobile and cash in October 2011.The MP Nagar police said complainant, doctor Nirmal Singh 47 had lodged complained against Hyper City's security officer, Pritesh Verma and its manager Kunal of keeping him under lock and extorting cash of Rs 5,500 and a mobile phone.The incident had took place on October 10 last year. Hyper City's employees had leveled allegations of theft against the doctor.The doctor had taken up the matter with the IG, Bhopal range and subsequently, the complaint was marked to MP Nagar. A case in this regard was registered after corroborating the charges on Friday.The police said Verma has been arrested and sent to jail while Kunal is not in town but would be taken into custody soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565363", "title": "Rahul Gandhi vows strict action for UP debacle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi on Friday threatened \"swift and strict action\" against non-performers in Uttar Pradesh elections, triggering uncertainty about the status of Union ministers from Uttar Pradesh and raising the prospect of crackdown against saboteurs in the state organization.\"My hands may be soft, but they will take harsh action,\" Rahul is learnt to have said at a meeting of party MLAs from Uttar Pradesh held here as part of the two-day investigation into the reasons for the party's debacle in assembly polls. The threat facing central ministers and other biggies from Uttar Pradesh appeared real when the Congress general secretary spoke of the need to \"fix accountability\" in a meeting he later had with party MPs from Uttar Pradesh.The threat of crackdown followed a litany of complaints against Union ministers. Steel minister Beni Prasad Verma , coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and law minister Salman Khurshid came in for sharp criticism for their statements in the campaign on 'Muslim quota', Batla House and imposition of central rule after elections: utterances which are widely seen as having contributed to the rout.There were complaints of sabotage as well against ministers.Sources said Barabanki MP P L Punia strongly protested that Verma kept issuing statements against him during the polls but no one in the party dared to question him. Kanpur MLA Ajay Kapoor spoke against minister Jaiswal for campaigning against him. A senior leader told Rahul that he had been betrayed by people he trusted, in what was seen as an assault on Verma. There are as many as six Union ministers from Uttar Pradesh.However, sources said any ministerial change will have to wait at least till the end of Parliament's budget session in May.While holding inquests into electoral defeats has been a routine with Congress, the review of the rout in Uttar Pradesh which dented Rahul's aura as a vote winner appears be more than a pro forma exercise. His threat of action also showed that the party was ready to look beyond organizational weakness to identify the reasons for the poor show. In fact, after his meetings with Uttar Pradesh MLAs and MPs on Friday, the AICC general secretary decided on a three-point action plan - division of Uttar Pradesh into five zones, fixing accountability for the debacle and reconstitution of the state organization. Rahul bluntly acknowledged the slide in the party's fortune since the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, saying the number of assembly segments where the party led had come down from around 100 to 29 in a space of less than three years.He heard the criticism of \"wrong\" selection of candidates, although he turned down the suggestion that giving preference to outsiders boomeranged on the party. According to him, performance of the new imports was better.The announcement that accountability would be fixed was welcomed by partymen who have been chaffing at the prospect of \"high flying\" ministers and MPs going unpunished for repeated failures. MLAs did not spare MPs either, arguing they were not taking care of their constituencies which was evident in their kin losing the polls. They said the party needed course correction for a decent show in the 2014 polls.Ministers Jaiswal and Verma faced fire for their continued courting of controversies with inopportune comments. Jaiswal particularly faced flak for saying the Centre would impose President's rule after elections. A senior MP said the ill-timed comments had hurt party prospects irrespective of the defence the ministers put Uttar Pradesh.Interestingly, Jaiswal defended his position, underlining he made the remark on central rule only in the fifth phase and the statistics showed that the party's vote share went Uttar Pradesh in later phases. It led to much mirth, with MPs adding he should have spoken early and spoken more.The anti-minister mood turned grim with complaints that they did not listen to legislators. \"Ensure a meeting with us every three months,\" a legislator said.The possibility of change set off hectic activities in the organization too, revolving around who would lead the legislature party. The big question is if Pramod Tiwari continues. Although he has been a great survivor who has held on to the post for more than a decade now, his sUttar Pradeshporters are not sure whether his luck will continue to hold.An indication of his anxiety came in the form of the hospitality extended by his ally, Pratapgarh MP Ratna Singh, for MPs from the state. The lunch hosted by her followed a bid by Rita Joshi to mobilize sUttar Pradeshport for her claim to lead the party in the Lucknow assembly.Sources said Vivek Singh from Banda urged Congress to focus on corrUttar Pradeshtion in the fledgling Samajwadi regime, alleging it had begun to dole out excise contracts to companies close to BSP regime. The comment echoed Rahul's directive to workers to keep an eye on state government's action on its poll promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564130", "title": "World Health Day: Positive outlook, exercise powers senior citizens", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The WHO projects that by the year 2050 every fifth Indian will be a senior citizen as the number of people aged 80 years will almost quadruple to 395 million. When asked about their success mantra of ageing with good health, city's elderly say a positive outlook was the only thing needed.Notably, the World Health Day is on Saturday with this year's theme of: 'Good health adds life to years.'Asked about what he feels about old age, Baldev Madhok, who turns 87 in October, retorts, \"I am not old. I have been regularly going for jogs and now time has slowed my pace. I now walk.\"His positive outlook is clear when this retired electrical engineer says, \"I am a grandfather and certain about attending the marriage of my grandchildren too. I feel simple habits like eating vegetarian food and abstaining from alcohol and smoking have been keeping me fit.\"For 91-year-old Dr V P Gupta, a sound mind is a reflection of a healthy body. \"I have been leading a simple life and taking care of my patients. This gives a lot of satisfaction. I regularly go for walks and read a lot of books. I feel if mind is calm, there can be no health problem.\"Social activist Shashikanta, 78, has been going for swimming and walks. \"I engage myself in social work and read a lot. This has been taking care of my health as I do not suffer from any age-related problem.\"Talking about preventive health care before old age sets in, Dr J S Thakur at the WHO, Delhi said, \"We have started seeing younger patients with cardiac diseases and diabetes. Stress and sedentary lifestyle are the major contributors. One must tackle all this at the onset so that with age the diseases do not turn severe.\"Geriatric care orientationIn Chandigarh, there is no orientation is given to private general practitioners in geriatric care and no specialization in it in any of the medical institutes, including GMCH and PGI. This has been validated by a recent study done by the PGI's community medicine department.According to the WHO, the number of people today aged 60 and over has doubled since 1980. The number of people aged 80 years will almost quadruple to 395 million till 2050. Within the next five years, the number of adults aged 65 and over will outnumber children under the age of five. By 2050, these older adults will outnumber all children under the age of 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564533", "title": "MANIT bows, concedes students' demands", "text": "BHOPAL: A day on Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) students registered their protest, the authorities accepted students' demands for changing the grading system. Over 300 students on Friday held a candle march from hostel to the office of institute director Dr Appu Kuttan to protest change in grading system.\"MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan spoke to the students. They were not happy with the grading system. The director accepted switching back to the absolute grading system,\" controller exam, MM Malik said.Students had alleged that the semester grading point assessment ( SGPA) calculation method adopted by the MANIT administration suffered loopholes, affecting percentage of the students.The authorities also accepted another demand of supplementary exam \"Supplementary exam will be allowed for all students,\" Malik said.MANIT authorities have also accepted the demands of showing exam copies to the students. \"It would be ensured that the copies will be shown to the students,\" Malik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12571282", "title": "Poverty decline rate doubled during UPA regime: Montek Singh Ahluwalia", "text": "HYDERABAD: Terming the comments on the below poverty line (BPL) issue as \"unprincipled publicity campaign\", deputy chairman of Planning Commission Montek Singh Ahluwalia on Saturday said the rate of poverty decline doubled during the rule of the UPA government as compared to the pre-UPA regime.\"In the pre-UPA period the decline in poverty was taking place at 0.74 per cent per year. After 2004 it is taking place at 1.5 per cent. So, the decline in poverty during UPA period is double,\" he added.As per the data released by the Planning Commission, the rate of poverty reduction between 2004-05 to 2009-10 was 1.5 per cent every year whereas it stood at an annual rate of 0.74 per cent between 1993-94 to 2004-05.\"All this criticism that the government is artificially reducing the people below the poverty line is just rubbish. Poverty has gone down from 37.2 per cent of the population in 2004 to slightly less than 30 in 2009-10,\" Ahluwalia said.He refuted remarks that the government could be trying to keep major chunk of public from some benefits by showing reduction in poverty line. \"This is not true. Many benefits are not linked to poverty line. The most important benefit is Right to Education Act which is not linked to poverty line\".\"The next most important is NREGA scheme. This is not limited to poverty line below. Third is food security bill. That is not limited to poverty line. As much as 46 per cent of the country?s people will benefit from this,\" he explained.According to him, the Planning Commission does not use daily income figures as basis for calculating BPL people. It takes per-family-per-month figures to calculate the figures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563305", "title": "Youth arrested on murder charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old youth was arrested for allegedly murdering a man after he did not return the money he had lent to him. The accused, Manoj , lives in northwest Delhi. He was arrested on Thursday for murdering Mukesh. The body was found lying on a hand cart on Monday night, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12564395", "title": "100 thermal imaging cameras to pry on wild cats in Kalakkad - Mundanthurai tiger reserve", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: The wild cats in the Kalakkad - Mundanthurai Tiger Reserve (KMTR), one of the three tiger habitats in Tamil Nadu, are being watched by 100 thermal imaging cameras this year.This is the first time that the cameras are used in such high numbers to track the tigers in the thick woods of the tiger reserve in a bid to get a better estimation of the presence of the tigers. Last year, about 40 cameras were used for monitoring the presence of the wild cats. \"Also, this year the cameras are installed in a grid spread across 400 sq km of the 890 sq km tiger reserve. In 2011, the cameras were installed in vantage points covering just 80 sq km,\" said D Venkatesh, deputy director of KMTR.Forest officials say that the exercise could not be termed as census and the exact number of tigers could not be arrived at. Instead, it is a monitoring and tracking effort which would provide data that could help in estimating the number of tigers in the reserve. \"We have estimated that there are about 15 to 18 tigers in KMTR according to data collected last year. This year's estimation would be made after 90 days,\" said Venkatesh.The exercise began on March 29 with teams of volunteers numbering about 185 sent into the forest for four days to look out for direct evidences like sighting of tigers and indirect evidence like pug marks and scat. The 100 cameras, equipped to automatically take pictures sensing thermal radiations even in the dark, were installed at vantage points in tiger corridors ad water bodies. \"A set of two cameras have been installed at 50 spots in 200 sq km area. After 45 days, these cameras would be placed in another 200 sq km area so that 400 sq km would be covered in 90 days,\" said Venkatesh.The National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) extended funds to buy the imported cameras each costing Rs 20,000 along with the memory card. Unlike previous years when only 40 cameras were used in just 80 sq km area, this year, the exercise is expected to yield a more accurate estimation of the tiger population. Two employees have been assigned to monitor the camera recordings. The data from the camera would be processed and sent to NTCA and Wildlife Institute of India, Dehradun for observation and inference.Forest officials hoped that the exercise this year would help them to ascertain their belief that tiger population had increased in the reserve due to their efforts. \"Human movement is the biggest deterrent for tigers. We had prohibited people from visiting places like Podhigaimalai, Thaipaagam, upper Kodhayar and interior areas of Manjolai,\" said a forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565002", "title": "ITC godown guard found dead", "text": "KOLKATA: The body of a 32-year-old security guard was found in a van inside a godown in Rajarhat on Friday morning. Sumit Ghosh was found with his throat slit and several other injury marks on his body. His hands and legs had been tied with a rope.Though police are clueless about the motive behind the murder, raids are being conducted to nab the culprits. No one has been arrested yet.Ghosh, a resident of Naihati, had joined work as a security guard only four days ago at the ITC godown in Dashadrone near Derozio College. Around 7.30am on Friday, the other workers of the godown noticed his body in a goods delivery van and informed police.After preliminary probe, police suspect that Ghosh was stabbed to death. A blood-stained knife was found on the spot. \"The motive behind the murder could not be ascertained. The goods in the godown haven't gone missing. We are investigating whether any old rivalry could have led to the murder,\" said a senior police officer.The incident comes barely a couple of weeks after another security guard, Shyamal Khan, was beaten to death by local extortionists at a construction site at Golaghata in Laketown. Probe revealed that the criminals had gone looking for the promoter of the under-construction building around 10.30pm on March 20 to extort money from him. When Khan and his colleague Buddhadeb Dey tried to resist them, the gang attacked them brutally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568288", "title": "Boman Irani's gift to Anupam Kher", "text": "The blind man that Anupam Kher plays in 'Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein' is all thanks to Boman Irani.Anupam Kher plays the character of a blind man in the upcoming film Chhodo Kal Ki Baatein and interestingly the glasses that he sports in the film were gifted to him by his friend Boman Irani.Anupam Kher reveals, \"The story of these glasses started on the first day of the shoot of the film. We all were ready for the first shot. But while I was approaching the sets in the elevator, a thought surpassed my mind that something is missing in my character, something is missing... then I went to director Pramod Joshi and whispered hesitantly in his ear that can I play a blind man?\"\"Pramod was shocked as everything was ready for the shot. But I calmly explained him all the things which were in my mind and at last convinced him to make my character blind and took out the glasses in my pocket and gave my first shot. Thus my character of Benaam Kumar became blind spontaneously\", says Kher.\"I thank Boman for those spectacles and helping me with his gift at the last moment which has been part of the film and my character. It just helped me in the nick of time\", he smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564379", "title": "IMC says no for pipeline to Super Corridor", "text": "INDORE: The Super Corridor along which the'IT giants, Infosys and Tata Consultancy Services ( TCS), setting up their centres along the Super Corridor will not get the promised water as the Indore Development Authority (IDA) and Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) are at loggerheads over laying pipelines.As the two companies start ground work availability of water would be a major problem.The Indore Development Authority had assured supply of water to the companies but the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) says it is willing to supply the required water but it's present financial structure does not permit it to lay pipelines for transporting water. IMC sources said since the Super Corridor is an IDA project, the authority must lay pipelines.The corporation is apparently not making any allocation for laying pipelines in its new budget that is to be presented on April 11. It is learnt that the IMC would be making a provision of Rs 6 crore for supply of 40 MLD water to the Super Corridor. It is silent on the 11.5 km long pipeline to take water to the site.The corporation had worked out for supply of 20 MLD water from Yeshwant Sagar Dam another 20 MLD from the Narmada river. When contacted Mayor Krishna Murari Moghe said, \"The civic body's responsibility is only to supply water. We are not going to lay pipeline,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12565186", "title": "HC orders CBI to reopen 11-year-old murder case", "text": "JAISALMER: The Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan High Court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to reopen the Harish murder case in Jaisalmer and submit its report in three months. On January 18, 2001, a person named Harish was brutally murdered and his body was packed in a gunny bag and thrown in Gadisar Lake. Police, CID (CB) and later CBI failed to solve the case. Later CBI in 2006 put final report (FR) in this case.Harish's father Samtaram Prajpat had filed a petition in the high court to reinvestigate this case. The petitioner's advocate LD Khatri said that the court hearing the petition has ordered CBI to reopen and reinvestigate this case and has directed the agency to submit its report in three months.Khatri said that CBI in 2006 had put FR in this case and submitted it then to additional chief judicial magistrate (ACIM-CBI affairs) court for approval.The judge on October 4, 2007 gave his approval. The applicant challenging this FR filed a petition in high court to reinvestigate this case, on which judge Sandeep Mehta has directed CBI to reinvestigate this case.On the night of January 18, 2002 some people murdered Harish behind Gadisar Lake, tied his body in a gunny bag and threw it in the lake. According to some a love affair was said to be the reason behind the murder.When the body was recovered, Harish was wearing a ring on which 786, a star and a moon was engraved. CBI that time had announced a prize on one Kundan Singh. However, nothing came out during the inquiry. It is said that the murderers called up Harish from a PCO to come to Gadisar Lake, where he was murdered.A broken liquor bottle, empty packets of cigarette, pieces of meat and other things were found at the spot. CBI and police had questioned over 18 people then but nothing could be found out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563524", "title": "BJP, Congress act tough against their rebels", "text": "NEW DELHI: With just one week left for the municipal polls, BJP and Congress are cracking the whip on dissidents.Having failed to sooth tempers of the ticket seekers left in the cold, BJP expelled seven more party workers, including four councillors, on Friday. Last week, it expelled seven members. The party is also preparing a list of rebels who are likely to be expelled, sources said. Most of them are either standing as independents or supporting other candidates.The four councillors expelled on Friday are Rajesh Gaur, Balbir Tyagi, Urmila Gangwal and Mahinder Kaur Narula. The expulsion list also included state-level secretaries Kailash Gangwal, Balvinder Sharma and Sanjay Alawat. Urmila's husband, Kailash, is contesting as an independent. Narula, who resigned from the party after not being considered for a ticket, has fielded her own candidate from East of Kailash.Congress, which has so far denied that dissidence can ruin its chances in the polls, also expelled four workers for six years on Friday. They were expelled for \"anti-party activities in the MCD elections\", a statement said.Chawla block Congress committee president Satinder Rana has been expelled as he is contesting as an independent from Nangla Sakravati. Two district committee secretaries, Kaptan Singh and Sunil Vashisht, were expelled as they have fielded their wives as independents from Timarpur and Babarpur, both reserved for women, said Delhi Congress president J P Agarwal.Another expelled member, Ramesh Pehlwan, who stood from Kotla Mubarakpur in the 2007 polls, has also fielded his wife from the ward as an independent after failing to bag a ticket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12563750", "title": "Himachal Pradesh Lokayukta Bill passed", "text": "SHIMLA: The Congress legislators, who had on Thursday criticized the government for not giving them enough time to study the Himachal Pradesh Lokayukta Bill, 2012, remained absent from the assembly on Friday when the bill was passed without any opposition. The bill has incorporated an additional clause of empowering the Lokayukta with the powers of contempt of court at par with the high court.The Congress on Thursday had demanded to send the bill to a select committee but when discussion started, the partymen, who had staged a walkout in the beginning of question hour, did not return to the House .Participating in the discussion, BJP MLA Suresh Bhardwaj said that while the Congress had failed to bring Lokpal bill, the state government had created history by tabling the bill. \"Those opposing the bill can point out shortcomings in it but they can be removed,\" he said.BJP MLA Khushi Ram Balnatah said that the bill should include all cooperative societies, sports bodies, NGOs, power projects and cement industry under its ambit. When Balnatah said that the search committee should also have eminent jurist, academicians and journalists, chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said that it could be considered and notified later.Dhumal made a detailed comparison between the state's and Uttarakhand's bills to show how the state government had made efforts to make it stronger. He said while the Uttarakhand bill covered only the officers posted within the state but the Himachal bill included those posted outside the state too.Dhumal said that the provision of imposing a fine up to Rs 10 lakh and imprisonment of one year were only for complaints made against the Lokayukta and that too when the complaints were found to be frivolous in nature. He said this in response to Balnatah's request of reducing the amount of penalty and imprisonment period as people would not come forward with complaints under such stringent norms.Addressing mediapersons outside the assembly, Congress CLP leader Vidya Stokes said that opposition did not participate in the discussion as their consent was not taken while formulating the draft. \"The chief minister should have invited me to build consensus before tabling the bill in the assembly,\" she said. \"Why should we participate in the discussion on bill when the chief minister failed to take action on our corruption allegation against a minister,\" she said.Congress MLA G S Bali said that on the corruption issue, health minister Rajeev Bindal had resigned but chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal rejected his resignation. \"In the public interest, we had asked questions of public interest, but even after knowing that we have socially boycotted the health minister, the CM made no efforts to ensure that either he or other ministers reply to our questions,\" he said.Congress MLA Kuldeep Singh Pathania said that the Lokayukta bill had vested total power in the chief minister. Instead of three, more members should have been included in the search committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563372", "title": "National jewellers strike ends, but local traders to strike today too", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as All India Gold and Jewellery Federation (AIGJF), the umbrella body of jewellers' guilds, called off the indefinite strike against imposition of central excise on unbranded ornaments, traders remained divided over the issue. A large section of jewellers, including those operating from Itwari, the traditional hub for this business in the city, have decided to continue the strike for a day.A rally has been organized by Maharashtra Rajya Sarafa Mahamandal, the state association, in Mumbai, where this faction is expected to decide on its further stance.Meanwhile, AIGJF representatives, who had planned to take a decision after a meeting with union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , have announced they will call off the strike till May 11. Nitin Khandelwal, an AIGJF director, said Mukherjee clearly hinted that the levy will be rolled back, which was enough to call off the strike.Khandelwal himself was not part of the deliberations, but he said his business partner Nitin Kadam, who is also a director of AIGJF, was present at the meeting.\"Some elements are stressing we should wait for a formal announcement on roll back. But they should understand the legality. Since the budget has been presented before the Parliament, any change has to be made in the house itself, or else it amounts to a breach of privilege,\" said Khandelwal.He said even AIGJF will not settle for anything except complete roll back, but it would not be just to expect the minister to jump the gun by making an announcement outside ParliamentLocal traders on the other hand, who claim to have support of at least 3,000 city members, besides jewellers in other cities of the region, have planned to go ahead with another day's strike. \"A massive rally has been organized in Mumbai on Saturday at which president of Maharashtra Rajya Sarafa Mahamandal Fatechand Raka will announce the further strategy. Since the Nagpur Sarafa Merchants Association is a constituent member of the Mahamandal, the strike will continue till a decision is taken by this body,\" said local association secretary Rajkumar Gupta.A source in the gold business added that the strength of each side will be clear only on Saturday, when the markets reopen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12563648", "title": "Man makes extortion calls to book depot owner, FIR lodged", "text": "GURGAON: A resident of Mia Wali Colony, Shailender Kumar, lodged an FIR on Thursday accusing an unidentified person of making threat calls to him and demanding Rs 20 lakh.A book depot owner in Sadar Bazaar, Kumar told the police that the caller had threatened to kill him and his family members if he failed to pay the amount demanded within the given period of time. He also told the police that the accused disconnected the call when he tried to ask for details.He lodged a complaint against the caller immediately after getting the call. \"On the basis of the caller's number, we are trying to trace the accused at the earliest,\" said sub-inspector Arvind Kumar, investigation officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563396", "title": "Nashik jewellers lose Rs 100 crore in stir", "text": "NASHIK: Jewellers across Nashik on Friday called off their 14-day strike after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee assured a national delegation of jewellers that he would rollback the taxes he had proposed in the Budget. The losses incurred in Nashik during the strike are estimated to be around at least Rs 100 crore. Around 450 jewellery shops across Nashik, which had worn a deserted look due to the strike for the past fortnight, will reopen from Saturday.According to sources, traders across the city are estimated to have lost around Rs 100 crore due to the strike that began on March 24 as a mark of solidarity for jewellers from across the country, who had also announced an indefinite strike protesting the finance ministry's tax imposition in the Budget.\"We have called off our strike after the finance minister on Friday assured the delegation of the All-India gems and jewellery trade federation (AIGJTF) and Maharashtra gold jewellers' association (MGJA) that he would rollback the taxes,\" the office-bearer of the Nashik saraf jewellers' association said.Earlier, all jewellery shops across Nashik city had downed shutters and gone on a four-day strike on March 17 to support the nation-wide strike call announced by the AIGJTF and the MGJA, but had withdrawn the strike on March 20 after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee assured the AIGJTF delegation that he would take a positive decision in the regard.Since that did not happen, the Nashik jewellers went on an indefinite strike again from March 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "12565668", "title": "Seminar will focus on industries in North Karnataka region", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda will inaugurate the seminar on 'Agenda Development Karnataka - Focus North Karnataka' and sign MoUs between the government and investors at Foundry Cluster Auditorium in Belgaum on Sunday.The Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry, Bangalore, The Belgaum Chamber of Commerce and Industries, in association with the department of infrastructure development and department of industries and commerce has organized this programme. All industry-related problems of North Karnataka region will be highlighted and brought to the notice of the government at this seminar.Briefing reporters on Friday, BCCI president Basavaraj Javali said, \"Industries minister Murughesh Nirani, agriculture minister Umesh Katti, rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar, MPs Suresh Angadi, Prabhakar Kore and J R Bangera, president, Federation of Karnataka Chambers of Commerce and Industry will be present.\"During the seminar, secretary of infrastructure development department Rajkumar Khatri, principal secretary to commerce and industries department K Jyothiramalingam, commissioner of department of industries and commerce M Maheshwar Rao, principal secretary to tourism department G Latha Krishna Rao, director of tourism Vishwanath Reddy and chairman of Karnataka Krishi Mission SA Patil will speak on various crucial subjects such as connectivity, current issues faced by industry development, tourism and food processing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573975", "title": "Parents grow serious about play schools", "text": "VARANASI: Gone are the days when nursery school admissions were easy. For most parents, nursery admissions are more difficult to deal with as compared to big entrance examinations. Thus, the trend of play schools or pre-schools is picking up in the city.According to Akanksha Khanna, who runs one such play school in Sigra, more and more parents are becoming aware of the play schools. \"They are of the opinion that in play schools, their child would learn basic etiquettes, sharing habits, interaction and many more skills which the rising trend of nuclear families is not able to provide to children before entering school. Earlier, some 80% of the children who came to play schools had working parents and only 20% of them came from families that expected their wards to be trained for their nursery admissions in prestigious schools. However, in recent years, parent expectations from play schools have increased,\" she added.According to Ajay Kumar Singh of another play school, these days parents who are less educated and are not working anywhere also send their children to playgroups so that they are informally trained for nursery admissions that are getting more competitive day by day. \"Children learn to sing rhymes, talk freely and recognise the faces of fruits, vegetables, animals, numbers and letters. It makes it easier for them when they start formal studies,\" he added.\"A huge number of children come for admissions to nursery in prestigious schools of the city. Although, as per the guidelines, children are not interviewed during the admission, an informal interaction with the children projects their overall personality, which is more attractive in children who already have been to play schools,\" said Vaishali, the mother of a four-year-old, who managed to get a seat in nursery at one of the private schools in the city.It is noteworthy that there is no guideline fixed for admissions to play schools. \"Play schools provide informal training to a child. We prefer to admit children not below the age of two,\" informed Kriti, a teacher at a play school in Luxa.\"Although it is shocking, some parents even bring their 18-month-old children to school. These parents are those who cannot take out time out of their busy schedule for their kids and are unable to enhance communication skills with their child. We do not admit such children because it is too early for them to mix with other children,\" she added.\"As per the guidelines provided by the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE), a student should be six years of age when he or she enters Class I. For that matter, three plus is the age for admissions to nursery. When a child has even a little experience of play section, before the age of three, he or she is expected to have learnt how to hold a pencil and drag it, able to interact with people apart from family members. This enhances the learning capability of the child in nursery classes,\" said Karan Singh, administrator of such a school in Chandrika Nagar, Sigra.\"Generally two-three years in the best time to admit a student to a play group. If the child is older than this, the training of play group can also be provided to him for two-three months before promoting him to nursery,\" he added.It is noteworthy that while a number of prestigious play schools have already set up their establishments in posh areas like Sigra, Ravindrapuri, Shivpur, Vidyapeeth Road, a number of housewives and women have also adopted the concept of play schools and now hundreds of play schools have mushroomed in lanes and bylanes of the city.While some parents believe that play schools help in shaping the basic skills in children, there are some parents who believe that first training of the child starts at home. According to Ankita Srivastava, a housewife and a resident of Pandeypur, it is agreed that children learn better in the company of children, but the trend of pay schools are only giving a short respite to parents and other family members from their responsibilities.\"With the increasing number of amateur and budding play schools, it is difficult to decide which one is better, so the best way to train the child is to talk and spend time with him. I would not like to strain him with the pressure of play school and instead teach him things at home myself,\" said Anita Vishwakarma, a housewife and mother of a two-year-old kid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563311", "title": "City wasting time in race to manage e-waste", "text": "NAGPUR: The e-Waste (management and handling) Rules 2011 will come into effect from May 1, making it mandatory for Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) and Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to collect and dispose off e-waste in a safe manner. However, the two government institutions have not even prepared a road map for implementation of the new rules.Huge quantity of e-waste is generated in the city every day. In the absence of a policy and lack of planning, NMC is collecting the e-waste along with garbage. Consequently, the e-waste is disposed off in an unscientific manner causing health hazards and environment pollution. In fact, proper collection of e-waste could bring in some revenue for NMC.The Central government had taken note of increasing e-waste and come up with a law to manage it in 2011. The government has decided to implement the new rules from May 1. As per the new rules, MPCB and NMC have to ensure safe collection and disposal of the e-waste in scientific manner. Besides, MPCB has to make it mandatory for all business establishments dealing with electronic and electrical products to register within three months. The collection centres or other proper systems have to be set up for safe collection of e-waste from across the city.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir told TOI the process to prepare a road map will start in coming days. \"A couple of NGOs including Centre for Sustainable Development have submitted a proposal to undertake the work,\" he said.Regional officer of MPCB AT Fulmali could only confirm that no processes are in place as of date.As per official sources, some urban local bodies in other states have started to sent notices to establishments to get registered under the new rules, and to establish a proper system for safe collection and disposal of e-waste.Director of Centre for Sustainable Development Leena Buddhe said a proposal was submitted to NMC requesting for a tie-up for safe collection and disposal of e-waste. \"We had undertaken a project for ragpickers, so we are well connected with them. Besides, we conducted a drive to find out the exact quantum of e-waste being generated in the city, and its disposal. A questionnaire was filled up by 103 scrap dealers, which revealed various ill-effects of e-waste. We are ready to undertake the work as a social cause. It will be very easy if NMC associates with us,\" she said.Meanwhile, another NGO from the city, Vasundhara Education and Welfare Association, has also undertaken a drive to prepare a report on e-waste generated in the city. President Veena Khanorkar said, \"The drive was started from January and a report is expected to be finalized by June. The government of Maharashtra has assigned us the work. A workshop will be organized in the coming days in this regard.\"BOX* e-waste is a collective terminology for the entire stream of electronic waste generated from used TVs, computers, refrigerators, mobile phones, fax, various types of batteries, air conditioners, and other electrical equipment* Nagpur is said to be among top 10 cities generating e-waste in India* e-waste is a big threat to health, groundwater, soil, environment as its components have excessive lead and other toxins along with sulphuric acid, mercury of silver oxide etc* e-waste may be recycled in scientific manner profitably, if metals and chemicals are extracted for reuse* e-waste also poses a threat to stray animals that may ingest the chemicals", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570472", "title": "How about a healthy food grill this season?", "text": "It's relaxing as you dine with friends outdoors. Here's how to have yourself a fun party on a terrace or in a gardenWith the weather playing host before the real summer sets in, it's a good time to get into picnic mode and dine outdoors. On a day when it's breezy enough, get out the barbecue and enjoy a meal alfresco. Not only is barbecuing easy, but healthy too! Says model Pia Trivedi, \"Having a barbecue is a great idea, I love it. My friends and I had such a get-together recently - we marinated the chicken and grilled potatoes and had the works - it was such fun! Unfortunately here in India, we don't have that culture and don't really unwind that way. The best part is, you don't need much space for this - just a small garden or terrace and you get really compact grills and barbecue sets now.\"Here are tips on grilling ...- Choose the food to be cooked correctly. Lamb and chicken are easy to grill, so are baby back ribs, kebabs and marinated prawn.- A good tip is to coat the meat in oil instead of putting oil onto the barbecue grill. Remember, if you use too much oil it could cause a flare-up!- Make sure that the barbecue is hot before you cook, the meat has to sizzle as it makes contact with the grill.- If you want that delicious smoky flavour of grilled fare you have to use charcoal in the cooking process.- Always allow the meat to cook on one side until some amount of moisture appears on it. Now, turn it once only, using tongs rather than a fork.- There's a lot of variety one can use when it comes to the dipping sauces and marinades. Try a dry or paste rub, tenderising marinades and basting sauces - such a mustard-based, smoked classic rib and vinegar ones.- Do not just brush on the barbecue sauce, but wait until the food is almost cooked through.- Use a timer to tell you when it's time to check the meat on the grill.- In hot weather, do not let the food remain touched for over an hour, or it will lose its taste.Did you know?You can grill fruits on a barbecue. Apples, pears, pineapples and strawberries make for a good mix. Avoid citrus fruits. Once the fruit is barbecued, drizzle cinnamon with honey on them or just add a little cold cream.ismat.tahseen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564050", "title": "4 district get new district magistrates as government shifts 16 IAS officers", "text": "PATNA: The state government on Friday shifted 16 IAS officials, including the district magistrates (DMs) of Lakhisarai, Madhepura, Arwal and Sheohar.Bihar Staff Selection Commission chairman Alok K Sinha would be the new principal secretary of the department of industries. He will hold additional charge of principal secretary, cane industries, in place of C K Mishra who has gone on central deputation as joint secretary of the Union micro, small and medium enterprises ministry.Madhepura DM Minhaj Alam has been elevated and made divisional commissioner of Bhagalpur. Director (employment and training) Upendra Kumar will replace Alam in Madhepura.Lakhisarai DM Hriday Narain Jha has been shifted to the general administration department as additional commissioner, departmental inquiry. Social welfare director Ramrup Singh will be the new DM of Lakhisarai.Rural development department's additional secretary Anil Kumar has been made Sheohar DM in place of Jaya Mangal Singh who has been made secretary, primary education. Arwal DM Ashish Kumar has been moved to the health department (family welfare) while additional secretary (health) Sanjeev K Singh will replace Kumar in Arwal.Manish Kumar, who was waiting for posting, has been made social welfare director. Labour commissioner Dhirendra Mohan Jha will hold additional charge of director (employment and training).P K Pattnaik, who was also waiting for posting, has been made adviser, Bihar State Planning Board. Board of Revenue's additional member J R K Rao will hold additional charge of examination controller of the Bihar Joint Entrance Examination Council.Bihar State Human Rights Commission secretary R K Khandelwal has been made secretary (resources), department of finance. Bihar State Women Development Corporation (WDC) Vandana Kinni has been shifted to the rights panel. Social welfare department secretary Sandeep Paundrik will hold additional charge of WDC's CMD.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568911", "title": "'Kyaa Super Kool...' takes a cool dig at Johar's K3G", "text": "Producer Ekta Kapoor's forthcoming film 'Kyaa Super Kool Hai Hum' takes a dig at filmmaker Karan Johar's 2001 family entertainer 'Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham'.After the success of the 2005 sex comedy Kyaa Kool Hai Hum, actors Tusshar Kapoor and Riteish Deshmukh are back with the sequel, Kya Super Kool Hain Hum . The duo reprise their roles from the previous part.The trailer of Kya Super Kool Hai Hum , available on the web, opens with the signature tune and some shots from Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham . Then comes the tagline ? 'Some movies bring families together, this is not that movie'.\"The trailer is insanely funny and the manner in which some footage of K3G ('Kabhi Khushi Kabhi Gham') has been integrated with it, gives the actors' reactions a whole new meaning!\" Johar said in a statement here.The movie, directed by Sachin Yardi and produced by Ekta and Shobha Kapoor, is up for release on August 3. Actresses Neha Sharma and Sarah Jane Dias are the new additions to the second installment.Its story revolves around friendship between the male leads and how circumstances lead them to venture on a mad road trip to Goa in pursuit of love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12565711", "title": "Two elephant calves die in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: In separate incidents, two elephant calves, which were under treatment, died in Mysore region on Friday.Project elephant field director Ajai Misra said a three-year old male calf was found in an unconscious state in an agricultural field near Bandipura forest.It was shifted to Moleyur forest range for treatment. The calf, which suffering from dehydration, didn't respond to the treatment and died in the noon hours.In another incident, an one-year-old calf, which was found on Thursday in Metikuppe forest range in Nagarahole too died on Friday.Misra, however, claimed that there was no external injury on the calves.Another forest officer claimed many water bodies in forested areas have dried up and a few more are contaminated.As a result, massive animal like elephant and its calves are affected badly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565484", "title": "'Frozen zoo' can help preserve rare species", "text": "LUCKNOW: Conservation of endangered species is possible if there is a 'cell-bank' or a frozen zoo, with cells of endangered species preserved. The idea has been floated by Dr Rajneesh Verma, reproductive biologist (scientist), working with Monash University, Melbourne.Verma, who is born and brought up in the city, met chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , on Friday, and apprised him of his research work.\"It was good to get an assurance from the CM that he will get back,\" said Verma. Explaining his research in simple terms, he said that there is a way to propagate an endangered species, if we could save the cells of the species. \"I converted the ear cells of a snow leopard into stem cells in the lab,\" he said. The stem cells can be developed into a reproductive material, egg or a sperm.Asked if the animals born this way will be genetically and physically similar to those born naturally, he said, \"the two will be same. In this case, too, we need a host (female) to carry the embryo and the new-born will come after the normal gestation period.\" Verma decided to meet the CM because he wants to put his research to use in his home state. \"If we create such a facility as a frozen zoo, we can be of help in conserving endangered species. Besides, UP can also cash earn money,\" he added.Verma, who has his roots in Lucknow, went to Australia after his intermediate in 1998 to study bio-technology. Born to an IAS officer father and a 'home-maker' mother, Verma always had an interest in science, he did his masters from Sydney in Agriculture. \"But then I started working in reproductive science in Monash university,\" he said adding that shift wasn't difficult for him. \"I have always been a topper,\" he said.He said his research will help conserve endangered species like Bengal tiger, Serval, Jaguar , snow leopards and other big wild cats. He has been nominated for the young scientist of Australia. His articles will also go in BBC London and New York Times in June 2012.He said he is visiting Argentina, to educate them about their research so that they can work for conservation of endangered species. He said he has also been approached by US. \"By way of this technology, no species will be extinct ever. Besides, it can be further improved upon to make it even more useful,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565202", "title": "Woman kills 3 daughters, commits suicide in Churu", "text": "JAIPUR: A 26-year-old woman allegedly threw three of her four daughters into a pond at her agriculture farm and then committed suicide by consuming pesticide in Taranagar police station area of Churu district. The bodies were spotted on Friday morning.Though, the police are yet to confirm what exactly led to the incident, they did not rule out the possibility of the woman being depressed due to birth of four girls. The fourth daughter who is alive was with her grandparents.According to the police, the incident took place in Baniyala village. The deceased woman, identified as Indra Devi, had gone to their farm along with her three daughters Babali, (1), Aaina (3) and Manisha (5). Indra's husband Rajendra Kumar , is a farmer.\"She has another daughter who was with her grandparents at the time of the incident,\" said Suresh Sharma SHO, Taranagar.He added that the bodies of the three girls were recovered from a pond situated in the farm on Friday morning.\"Indra's body was lying near the pond. A police team also recovered a pesticide bottle near her body. We are yet to receive the post-mortem report, however, the preliminary investigation suggests that she died due to poison ,\" the officer said.\"There were no family feuds, no financial crisis and other apparent problems. However, it might be possible that the woman was depressed due to birth of four daughters. We are taking the statement of her family members and neighbours. Further investigation is going on,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565866", "title": "Strict action for UP poll debacle, Rahul Gandhi vows", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi on Friday threatened \"swift and strict action\" against non-performers in Uttar Pradesh elections, triggering uncertainty about the status of Union ministers from UP and raising the prospect of crackdown against saboteurs in the state organization.\"My hands may be soft, but they will take harsh action,\" Rahul is learnt to have said at a meeting of party MLAs from UP held here as part of the two-day investigation into the reasons for the party's debacle in assembly polls. The threat facing central ministers and other biggies from UP appeared real when the Congress general secretary spoke of the need to \"fix accountability\" in a meeting he later had with party MPs from UP.Khurshid, Beni, Jaiswal face fireThe threat of crackdown followed a litany of complaints against Union ministers. Steel minister Beni Prasad Verma , coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal and law minister Salman Khurshid came in for sharp criticism for their statements in the campaign on 'Muslim quota', Batla House and imposition of central rule after elections: utterances which are widely seen as having contributed to the rout.There were complaints of sabotage as well against ministers. Sources said Barabanki MP P L Punia strongly protested that Verma kept issuing statements against him during the polls but no one in the party dared to question him. Kanpur MLA Ajay Kapoor spoke against minister Jaiswal for campaigning against him. A senior leader told Rahul that he had been betrayed by people he trusted, in what was seen as an assault on Verma. There are as many as six Union ministers from UP.However, sources said any ministerial change will have to wait at least till the end of Parliament's budget session in May.While holding inquests into electoral defeats has been a routine with Congress, the review of the rout in UP which dented Rahul's aura as a vote winner appears be more than a pro forma exercise. His threat of action also showed that the party was ready to look beyond organizational weakness to identify the reasons for the poor show. In fact, after his meetings with UP MLAs and MPs on Friday, the AICC general secretary decided on a three-point action plan - division of UP into five zones, fixing accountability for the debacle and reconstitution of the state organization.Rahul bluntly acknowledged the slide in the party's fortune since the 2009 Lok Sabha elections, saying the number of assembly segments where the party led had come down from around 100 to 29 in a space of less than three years.He heard the criticism of \"wrong\" selection of candidates, although he turned down the suggestion that giving preference to outsiders boomeranged on the party. According to him, performance of the new imports was better.The announcement that accountability would be fixed was welcomed by partymen who have been chaffing at the prospect of \"high flying\" ministers and MPs going unpunished for repeated failures. MLAs did not spare MPs either, arguing they were not taking care of their constituencies which was evident in their kin losing the polls. They said the party needed course correction for a decent show in the 2014 polls.Ministers Jaiswal and Verma faced fire for their continued courting of controversies with inopportune comments. Jaiswal particularly faced flak for saying the Centre would impose President's rule after elections. A senior MP said the ill-timed comments had hurt party prospects irrespective of the defence the ministers put up.Interestingly, Jaiswal defended his position, underlining he made the remark on central rule only in the fifth phase and the statistics showed that the party's vote share went up in later phases. It led to much mirth, with MPs adding he should have spoken early and spoken more.The anti-minister mood turned grim with complaints that they did not listen to legislators. \"Ensure a meeting with us every three months,\" a legislator said.The possibility of change set off hectic activities in the organization too, revolving around who would lead the legislature party. The big question is if Pramod Tiwari continues. Although he has been a great survivor who has held on to the post for more than a decade now, his supporters are not sure whether his luck will continue to hold.An indication of his anxiety came in the form of the hospitality extended by his ally, Pratapgarh MP Ratna Singh, for MPs from the state. The lunch hosted by her followed a bid by Rita Joshi to mobilize support for her claim to lead the party in the Lucknow assembly.Sources said Vivek Singh from Banda urged Congress to focus on corruption in the fledgling Samajwadi regime, alleging it had begun to dole out excise contracts to companies close to BSP regime. The comment echoed Rahul's directive to workers to keep an eye on state government's action on its poll promises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564394", "title": "Jewellers suspend strike on FM's assurance", "text": "INDORE: Jewellers in the city have joined the national jewellers association and decided to suspend their 20-day strike from Saturday after talks with the union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee . The jewellers urged the finance minister to consider their demand for roll back of 1% hike in excise duty on unbranded jewellery.The association met the finance minister for the second time on Friday and said that they were willing to wait till May 11. However, they have threatened of an indefinite strike after May 11 if their demands were not met with.Sources said the government has agreed in principle to roll back the imposition of 1% excise duty on unbranded jewellery and an amendment Bill in this regard will be presented in the forthcoming session of Parliament, beginning April 24.The Finance Minister has made it clear that the government will not go back on the issue of customs duty on jewellery items, which has already been doubled to 4% in the current year's budget. Again, there is no clarity over the tax collection on source (TCS), as per which the government will be charging tax on every sale of jewellery beyond Rs 2 lakh.Talking to ToI, Hari Goyal, president, Bhopal Sarafa Association who was present during the final round of meeting with the FM, told TOI on phone, \"We are satisfied by the Finance Minister's assurance and hope the 1% excise duty would be rolled back\".The jewellers in the state feel that the government was losing revenue due to the prolonged strike. Nirmal K Bhura, who is the president of MP Sarafa Association and senior vice president of All India Sarafa Association said, \"The government must decide as roll back would lead to a loss of Rs 100 crore but the 20-day strike had resulted in shortfall of about Rs 500 crore\".When we met the FM, he said he will take up the issue in the Parliament on April 24 only, said Bhura.Sumit Anand, an Indore-based jeweller who is the regional director of All India Gems &amp; Jewellery Federation in Madhya Pradesh, said, \"That we will be opening our shops from Saturday\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564153", "title": "MPSTDC's income from Indore region up 15% in FY12", "text": "INDORE: The Indore region of Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corp (MPSTDC) has earned an income of Rs 8.73 crore in the just-concluded fiscal, which was 15 per cent more than the previous financial year.During 2010-11, the region, a hub of religious tourism, had earned a revenue of Rs 7.59 crore from tourism activity, MPSTDC Regional Manager M N Jamali said today.To boost tourism in Malwa region, MPSTDC will offer special tour packages to foreign delegates during the 'Global Investor Meet' to be held here from October 28 to 30, he said.The packages will cover popular destinations like Indore, Ujjain, Omkareshwar, Mandu, Maheshwar and Khandwa, Jamali said.About 1000 investors, including 200 foreigners, are expected to take part in the event.Meanwhile, Indore region has also launched 'caravan', a tourist vehicle with modern facilities for passengers. The vehicle, part of the Tourism Department's 'holiday on wheels' package, can accommodate seven passengers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12563722", "title": "Mall management to step up vigil", "text": "NOIDA: The death of the 55-year-old man at Centre Stage Mall has set alarm bells ringing. Following the alleged suicide, Gautam Budh Nagar police has decided to convene a meeting of mall managements and advise them to install safety nets in between floors and to enhance their safety standards. This is the fifth such incident reported since the mall opened in 2003.Even though the mall has a 24x7 security system in place along with 32 CCTV cameras strategically placed across the building, Handa allegedly climbed over the waist-high glass barrier surrounding the mall's open atrium and plunged to his death. \"We have a strong security staff of 80 guards, who work in two shifts for round-the-clock monitoring ,\" said Ranjeet Singh Randhawa, assistant GM (operations), Centre Stage Mall. \"These guards are equipped with walkie-talkies and are monitored by seven supervisors. Thursday's incident has come as a shock. We will try to increase our security personnel and adopt more safety measures so that such accidents can be averted,\" Randhawa added.The police have decided to call a meeting of the managements of Noida malls to take stock of their security situation. \"The need of the hour is to sensitize the security as well as the management staff at malls to prevent such incidents,\" said Yogesh Singh, superintendent of police, Noida. \"We have asked the CSM management to increase the number of security personnel and the CCTV cameras, specially on the fifth and sixth floors,\" Singh said. The SP also said he would advise the mall management to train their staff to deal with anyone 'suicidal', if spotted.Residents of Noida, shop owners and shoppers also said that mall owners must put up barriers. \"Something has to be done. Someone needs to take responsibility,\" said Rajnish Arora, a resident of Delhi. Some said that they had heard about malls with multiple-story open-air atriums that have netting under each floor to discourage jumpers. \"Last year, when a 20-year-old BBA student had died after falling from the sixth floor of the same mall, the need to erect safety barriers had surfaced. But nothing was done,\" said Neelima Dubey, a resident of Noida.Shoppers reacting to the incident revealed mixed concerns about safety at the mall. Some believed the mall building presented no obvious danger and was not inviting for suicide attempts. Several others, however, said city malls should do more to prevent incidents like these. \"One can easily jump, the barriers are not high enough,\" said one shopper. Another visitor said that it would be safer if the management put up safety nets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565183", "title": "'Rajasthan needs to learn from others for stronger Self Help Groups movement'", "text": "JAIPUR: The SHG movement in the state needs to be accelerated and there is enormous scope for growth in this sector, Union minister for rural development Jairam Ramesh said.\"The major share of bank credits for SHGs ( Self Help Groups) was claimed by southern states. Of the Rs 18,000 crore provided by banks for supporting the SHGs during 2011-12, Andhra Pradesh , Tamil Nadu , Karnataka and Kerala accounted for 75% to 80% of the lending,\" Ramesh said here on Friday while delivering the valedictory address at the 6th Colloquium on Micro-Finance and Livelihoods.The minister gave a call for expanding the volume of resources to support SHGs, which he felt would go a long way in providing livelihood security to millions of poor households across the country. \"The experiments in southern states should be replicated in states like Rajasthan, Bihar , Odisha and Madhya Pradesh ,\" he said.Ramesh pointed out that only 0.5 % of the total bank lending in the country was going to SHGs and 0.5% to the micro-finance institutions (MFI). Thus, only 1% of the bank lending is accruing to this sector, while there is a need for expansion of resources for it.\"Budgetary outlay for rural development in 2012-13 is in the order of Rs 99,000 crore, which is only second after the outlay for defence. Of this outlay, Rs 45,000 crore will be transferred to the states as per the announcement in the Union Budget,\" he added.Ramesh underlined the need to create a regulatory space for micro-finance institutions so that they can function efficiently without adversely impacting the functions of SHGs. \"These two streams of the same field should not be allowed to function in a mutually destructive manner. There are certain advantages of MFIs which the SHGs are not capable of replicating,\" he stressed.Calling for leveraging the advantages of both MFIs and SHGs, he said, \"Micro-finance cannot provide a definite answer to the challenges of poverty alleviation, but it can definitely lead to financial inclusion by providing credit to the customer as per his own needs.\"Ramesh said the newly established National Rural Livelihood Mission (NRLM) would connect at least one woman from each poor household across the country with the bank credits in the next five years, taking the number of such women from the present three crore to five crore. The NRLM will spend Rs 4,000 crore for the purpose during 2012-13.He affirmed that the credit linkages would be carried out without any distinction between the BPL and APL families. The NRLM will spend Rs 4,000 crore for the purpose during 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "12570998", "title": "Greater Noida mall accidents: Bungee jumping trainer dies after rope snaps, actress Sayali Bhagat hurt", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Twin tragedies struck the inauguration of a mall here on Saturday when a bungee jumping trainer fell to death while performing a stunt and Bollywood actress Sayali Bhagat suffered fractures in a car racing event.The bungee jumping trainer, identified as Shailendra Kumar , met with gruesome death when the rope supporting him snapped near the seventh floor of the Great Adventure Mall, police said.Horrified onlookers saw Kumar hurtling to death from that height when he was trying to perform the stunt.Actress Sayali Bhagat, 28, who was present at the inauguration of the mall, sustained hairline fracture after the jeep she was riding overturned, they said.Bhagat was participating in a jeep racing event at the mall.Both of them were taken to a private hospital where Kumar was declared brought dead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564869", "title": "Cops plan to declare SUV driver a fugitive", "text": "BANGALORE: Police may declare the elusive SUV driver, who ran over a construction labourer sleeping on a pavement on March 13, as a fugitive or an absconding accused.A senior police officer said they will wait for a cou8p8le of days for the driver, Manjula Palias Mahi, 36, to turn up at the police station. The cops have come to know that she has got in touch with a senior lawyer to arrange for her surrender and speedy bail. Mahi, while driving a Toyota Fortuner, ran over the sleeping worker and four of his colleagues in Kalyannagar near Banaswadi late in the night.\"Mahi is afraid of the ignominy she has landed in. She is constantly in touch with the lawyer through her contacts. We came to know this while keeping tabs on her over 100 close friends in the city,\" said the officer. \"There are chances of her surrendering as she has no place to go. We have seized her passport from her residence in Babusapalya. There is no way she can flee the country,\" the officer added.\"Once we declare her an absconding accused, we will publicize the probe details. The vehicle owner will also be held responsible. The compensation process will begin from there,\" said the officer.Rs 5-lakh relief for victim's wife?Police are working out a plan to get at least Rs 5 lakh as immediate compensation for the wife of R Nagaraj, 24, from Deodurg taluk in Raichur district, who was run over by the Toyota Fortuner driven by Manjula alias,Mahi (in pic). \"Nagaraj's son was four days old when he died on March 12. His wife is traumatized by the turn of events following her husband's death. She is left alone to tend to herself and her child in Raichur. We are trying to organize the compensation as early as possible to enable her to look after the infant and later to finance his education,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "12565765", "title": "Cricket betting: Cops to act tough", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad police commissioner K Ram Chandra Rao has given orders to all police stations of twin cities Hubli-Dharwad to take stern actions if any match fixer or cricket betting cases are reported during the 5th IPL matches. A press release issued from Hubli-Dharwad Police Commissionerate stated that Hubli-Dharwad Police Commissionerate have recovered Rs 17.93 lakh, registered 32 cases and arrested 98 persons, who were involved in cricket betting during IPL and World Cup matches in the twin cities during 2011. Among 32 cases, six have already been heard out in the court. Remaining 25 cases are yet to be presented. Rao has asked his men to be alert and keep betting cases at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12563729", "title": "New power meters can check tampering by consumers", "text": "NOIDA: Tampering with electricity meters and other tricks to manipulate the power bill will soon become difficult.Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power distribution utility of Noida, has started replacing about 80,000 meters in the city with those equipped with I-Max technology, which can provide the history of meter functioning as well as record tampering. PVVNL, which has already started replacing 40,000 three-phase meters and an equal number of single-phase meters, has a target of six months.PVVNL would replace the old China-made, Elymer and Anchor meters with new ones, which can record actual power consumption as well as tampering. At present, about 1.2 lakh consumers of PVVNL use single-phase meters, while around 50,000 consumers use three-phase meters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569233", "title": "Sunny gets busy in Mollywood", "text": "Second Show fame Sunny Wayne is a busy bee these days. The actor, who received rave reviews for his debut movie, has become one of the most sought after actors in Mollywood.With many of the debutant directors signing him for their projects, this IT professional is sure to stay here for long.The young actor just wrapped up Rupesh Paul's Raktharakshassu , where he essays the role of Ananya's husband who happens to be a writer. For him, it was indeed a learning experience.In Vineeth Sreenivasan's Thattathin Marayathu , Sunny will be seen in a pivotal role. Gireesh, associate of Shymaprasad and Lal Jose, is getting ready with his debut movie and Sunny has been cast in it as well. He will also be seen in ad filmmaker Rosh Mohan's debut movie. The movie, which is about different shades of love, will be made on the lines of Kerala Cafe .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564177", "title": "Five killed in road mishap in Dhar", "text": "INDORE: Five persons were killed while five others sustained serious injuries when a jeep in which they were travelling collided head-on with a truck on Indore- Ahmedabad national highway in Dhar district on Friday morning.The deceased have been identified as Bharat Singh Solanki (45), his wife Nirmalbai (40), their son Tulsiram (15), Laxman Singh (50) and driver Akram Khan. Out of the injured, two were referred to Dhar hospital while others were admitted to a local hospital in Sardarpur area.As many as 10 passengers were travelling in the ill-fated jeep (MP09V6377) which was heading towards Hanuman temple at Tarakhedi in Jhabua district.According to police, all the passengers hailed from Amjera village, and were going on a pilgrimage when a truck bearing registration number (MP09 HF3069) coming from the opposite side dashed against their jeep. The impact was so powerful that five persons died on the spot and the jeep was completely damaged. The accident took place at around 5 am.By the time police reached the spot, the driver of the truck had already escaped leaving the truck behind. Police impounded the truck and registered a case against its driver. Further investigations were on.In another incident, one person was killed when their four-wheeler was hit by a truck on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. Police said that Vijay Singh , son of Gulab Singh, Rakesh and Nanram Chauhan were returning after having dinner from a dhaba. They were in a four-wheeler which was hit by a truck at a location coming under Balwada police coming in Khargone district. Three persons sustained serious injuries in the incident. They were rushed to a local hospital where Vijay was declared brought dead, added police. The truck driver escaped with the truck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564779", "title": "Journalist found dead", "text": "CHENNAI: A journalist of a Telugu weekly magazine was found murdered in Sathyavedu in Andhra Pradesh on Friday.Vinayan (37) of Gummidipoondi, 50 km from Chennai, along with his wife and daughter went to Nagalapuram to meet relatives on April 3. En route, he got a call and then told his wife and daughter to take a bus home. He waited there when a group of men surrounded him and took him to nearby farm where he was attacked with a stick and the body dumped in a canal. Police found the body on Thursday evening and Vinayan's relatives confirmed the identity on Friday. There were stab marks on the eyes and stomach. The Sathyavedu police are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12564417", "title": "Madras high court order in dalit woman case", "text": "MADURAI: Setting aside an order of a trial court discharging a senior official of the Hindu Religious &amp; Charitable Endowment (HR&CE;) Department from a case registered against him for making unsavoury remarks against a dalit woman staff, the Madurai bench of the Madras high court directed the court to proceed with framing of charges and trial of the case and dispose the case as expeditiously as possible avoiding unnecessary adjournments.In his order on a revision petition filed by the woman challenging the lower court order, Justice P R Shivakumar pointed out the trial court judge had committed a grave error in coming to the conclusion that no prima facie case had been made out for the offences and the order of the trial court discharging him is erroneous.S P Shanthi, a dalit, was working as superintendent of the audit wing of HR&CE;, at Madurai. On January 27 and 30, 2009, Balakrishnan, regional audit officer and Sivanesan, deputy chief audit officer conducted an inspection at the Meenakshiamman temple, Madurai. In her complaint, she alleged that during the course of the inspection, Balakrishnan made unsavoury remarks by pointing to the dress worn by her and also about her caste. Following the incident, the woman staffer preferred the criminal complaint.The case was investigated by the Madurai city police, who filed a charge-sheet against the duo before the trial court of the special judge under the Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (Prevention of Atrocities) Act, 1989. However, the trial court discharged Sivanesan. Hence, the state and the woman preferred the criminal revision petition in the Madurai bench seeking to set aside the trial court order. Allowing the criminal revision petitions, Justice P R Shivakumar said discharge before framing charge, shall be improper. \"The order of trial court is set aside,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564374", "title": "Rangareddy villages' merger with Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation opposed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Worried over the proposal to merge 33 villages of Rangareddy district with Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), leaders of various political parties are holding an all party-meeting here on Saturday.Opposing the proposed move, residents of these gram panchayats said that they do not want to be brought under a higher taxation regime.\"We have been paying a nominal house tax of Rs 500 and if the merger plan comes through, we will have to shell out Rs 5,000 towards house tax alone,\" Bhaskar Ramreddy of Hayatnagar said.Leaders said there was no merit in the merger plan initiated by home minister Sabita Indra Reddy.\"How is it justified to include Vutpalli and Tondupalli, which are 10 km from GHMC limits, on the grounds that they are located close to Shamshabad,\" GHMC floor leader Singi Reddy Srinivas Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lahore/islamabad", "code": "12571716", "title": "Asif Ali Zardari says Hafiz Saeed unlikely to be focus of talks with Manmohan Singh", "text": "LAHORE/ISLAMABAD: On the eve of his India visit, President Asif Ali Zardari on Saturday said he did not expect the issue of Hafiz Saeed to be the focus of his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh, amid growing pressure on Pakistan to prosecute the LeT founder for his role in the Mumbai attacks.\"My stance on Saeed is not different from that of my government. My visit to India is of a religious nature and I do not think Manmohan Singh will make me sit (and discuss only) this issue,\" Zardari told reporters in a lighter vein at the Governor's House in Lahore.56-year-old Zardari, who flies to India on Saturday for a luncheon meeting with Singh followed by a visit to Ajmer to pay obeisance at the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti, has been camping in Lahore for the past few days.He was responding to questions on his meeting with Singh against the backdrop of a USD 10 million bounty offered by the US for information leading to Saeed's prosecution.Pakistan Prime Minister Yousuf Raza Gilani has already said in Parliament that the case of Saeed is an \"internal issue\" of Pakistan. Gilani further said that any evidence against Saeed should be provided to Pakistan so that it can be examined by the country's independent judiciary.In Islamabad, Foreign Office spokesman Abdul Basit said Zardari will invite Singh to visit Pakistan by the end of this year during their meeting in New Delhi.\"President Zardari will invite Prime Minister Singh to visit Pakistan by the end of this year,\" Basit said.While the Pakistani leadership has extended the invitation to the Indian Prime Minister earlier also, this would be the first time that a time-frame has been proposed for the summit meeting.On his part, Singh has accepted the invitation earlier but made it clear that he would undertake the visit only if there is likelihood of a substantive outcome.On the Saeed issue, New Delhi has said that this can figure along with a host of other topics during the Singh-Zardari talks.Pakistan on Friday rejected external affairs minister S M Krishna's assertion that India had provided adequate evidence linking Saeed to the 2008 Mumbai attacks, carried out by the Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba , that left 166 people dead.The Foreign Office said India had not given \"any solid and significant evidence\" against Saeed. \"There is nothing concrete and maintainable. From its own Mumbai trial experience, India knows well that hearsay cannot substitute for hard evidence,\" Basit said.Krishna had said that \"the dossier that the home minister has provided to the Pakistan government contains every detail of Saeed's involvement in the planning and execution of terrorist attack on Mumbai.\"\"So no amount of denial would exonerate them unless there is a judicial enquiry into the whole episode whereby responsibilities can be fixed but unfortunately Pakistan government has not thought it proper to investigate this.\"Zardari will be the first Pakistani head of state to visit India since 2005, when the then military ruler, Pervez Musharraf , had travelled to New Delhi for talks with the Indian leadership.Pakistan's top leadership has described Zardari's trip as a \"private visit\" aimed at fulfilling a long-standing desire to offer prayers at the famous 13th century Sufi shrine at Ajmer in Rajasthan.\"The basic objective of the president's visit is to pay obeisance at the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti at Ajmer Sharif,\" Basit said.The meeting between Zardari and Singh has no agenda though the two leaders are expected to discuss all bilateral issues and the regional situation, Basit told the media.He acknowledged that the visit was \"important\" as the two countries were currently engaged in the second round of the dialogue process that began last year after a gap of over two years in the wake of the 2008 Mumbai attacks.\"We expect this round (of the dialogue) to be completed in June-July. After that, the Indian foreign minister is to visit Pakistan to review the process,\" Basit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565900", "title": "Shivpal to head UP Bridge Corporation", "text": "Cabinet minister Shivpal Singh Yadav was appointed chairman of UP Bridge Corporation on Friday. Yadav, who is holding charge of public works department and irrigation, has also been given the charge of chairman UP Bridge Corporation.Annual day: GD Goenka Public School, Lucknow celebrated its annual day 'the Goenka Extravaganza' here on Friday. Minister for protocol Abhishek Misra was the chief guest at the function. The panorama of dance, drama and music began with the lighting of the lamp followed by a melody of praise 'Better than the riches of this world'. Chairman of the school Sarvesh Goel and principal Krishna Kumari reflected the year went by while the chief guest gave away academic excellence awards.Food festival: A three-day Lucknow's food festival 'Foodista' began at Carlton Lawns on Friday. Cookery workshop by renowned chefs and live music besides attractive lucky prizes are the highlights of the food festival. The timing of the festival is 12 noon onwards.Visit: RK Tyagi, chairman, Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL) visited Accessories Division Lucknow. He was received by SK Jha, managing director (Accessories Complex). This is Tyagi's first visit to Lucknow after taking over as chairman of the company. A detailed presentation was made on the manufacturing and research and design activities of the division. During the interactive session, a number of issues were addressed which consisted of enhancing the export, awareness about participation in the Civil Aircraft Programme etc. The chairman and his team took a round of the manufacturing assembly and test facilities of mechanical and electrical system accessories. Later, he addressed officers and employees of the accessory division and encouraged them to share their vision of the company.Farewell: Students of St. Joseph Inter College, Rajajipuram bid adieu to their senior outgoing students of class XII with a lavish party. This farewell programme began with the lighting of the lamp by the founder-chairperson Pushplata Agarwal. Principal of the college Shabnam Raza and teachers which included K Sarkar, Leena Sharma and Renu Kapoor wished good luck to students of class XII. Funny titles were also given to senior students and teachers by the junior students of class XI. A fashion show also organised for senior students on this occasion.Workshop on critical care: Department of anaesthesiology and critical care, CSM medical university is organising a workshop on 'Critical care update: new prospective' at Scientific Convention Centre on Saturday from 8.00 am to 5.00 pm. Speakers from Ireland, Mumbai and Delhi will deliver lectures on the latest technique used in critical care which will help in upgradation of knowledge and patient care.Classes in English: The managing committee of Shia Intermediate College has decided to also run classes through English medium from the next academic session. Principal of the college Irfan Raza Naqvi said that apart from Hindi medium classes, the college will run English medium classes in class IX and class XI of UP Board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "model town", "code": "12564784", "title": "Students protest over non-issuance of roll numbers", "text": "MODEL TOWN: Guru Nanak Institute of Management and Technology (GNIMT) students protested in front of the Model Town campus of the college on Friday. BBA-I students said the college had taken fee from them for re-admission, but refused to give them the roll number. Students complained they wouldn't be able to appear for the second semester exams scheduled to begin from Monday.College director H S Singha said, ''The protesting students had, in fact, not attended the college and weren't issued their roll numbers because of shortage of attendance. The minimum compulsory attendance as per the university rules is 75%.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563350", "title": "District panel to get new members soon", "text": "NASHIK: With the term of all elected members on the district planning and development committee coming to an end, new members will be elected after the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC) elections on April 15. The election of the 40 members from the local self-governing bodies in the district is generally held amicably, except for the last term, when elected representatives from the municipal corporation sector could not arrive at a conclusion.Of the 40 seats, 25 seats are reserved for zilla parishad, three for members from eight municipal councils and twelve from two municipal corporations, with Nashik getting eight members.After the zilla parishad polls, elections to the municipal councils and municipal corporations were held. The term of all elected members of the district planning committee from these local bodies then ended. While the zilla parishad house will decide on its 25 members, eight municipal councils will decide which three members should represent them.The members of two civic bodies, Nashik and Malegaon, will elect twelve members and in case of elections, members of both corporations will vote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12570615", "title": "Hostage crisis: Odisha govt to release five Maoists", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Odisha government on Saturday said it has agreed to free five of the six Maoists the abductors of the Italian have demanded for his release.\"The Maoists have sought release of six persons. The state government has decided to facilitate the release of five of the six,\" chief minister Naveen Patnaik said in a statement in the state assembly.Piling up pressure on the state government, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda had on Friday threatened to take \"extreme step\" on the 54-year-old Italian hostage Paolo Bosusco if his demands were not met within 96 hours.Terming as \"incorrect\" that views of B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, who were mediating for the release of the Italian national, were not taken into consideration while taking the decision, Patnaik said the two had categorically stated that the rebels want release of six persons - Arati Majhi, Manohan Pradhan, Suka Nachika, Chakra Tadingi, Bijay Tadingi and Subhashree Das.\"In view of the state government's clarification, in this House, I appeal again to the Odisha State Organising Committee of CPI (Maoist) headed by Sabyasachi Panda to release the Italian national immediately and unharmed,\" the CM said.Patnaik also appealed for the release of Jhina Hikaka, the tribal BJD MLA from Laxmipur, immediately.Earlier in the day, the Odisha government and the Maoist mediators held fresh talks to resolve the crisis on the fulfillment of demands by April 10 for the release of Bosusco.\"A fresh round of negotiation was held between state government representatives and Maoist mediators in the wake of the fresh ultimatum given by Bosusco's abductors,\" a senior official said.Though what exactly transpired at the talks was not immediately clear, sources said the two sides were believed to have deliberated on the names of prisoners to be released.Panda's insistence on a written agreement on fulfillment of demands was also understood to have figured in the meeting, they said.Meanwhile, Maoist Andhra Odisha Border Special Zonal Committee holding Hikaka hostage is yet to respond to the state government's decision to release the prisoners.A Maoist leader had telephoned a section of the media on Thursday, saying the deadline, which was to end on April 5, had been extended till April 7.The developments came a day after the Maoists rejected the list of 27 prisoners who were offered to be released by the Odisha government in a swap for both the Italian national and the MLA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565016", "title": "Fresh trouble for Bhujbal\u2019s trust in Nashik", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court will soon hear a fresh public interest litigation (PIL) which alleges that a trust run by PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal has defrauded students and government into paying excess fees to the tune of nearly Rs 8 crore since 2010.The PIL says Bhujbal and his Mumbai Educational Trust (MET), which runs Knowledge City in Nashik, showed inflated amounts as expenses when there were none. The trust thus misled the government-appointed Shikshan Shulk Samiti into fixing \"higher\" fees than would have otherwise been permitted, says the PIL filed by former freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar from Pune.The committee fixes fees based on valid and permitted educational expenses actually incurred by privately-run institutes in the previous accounting year.The PIL alleges that Bhujbal's trust also cheated Maharashtra government's social welfare department which pays the fees of SC/ST students and half the amount for other backward caste students. Bhujbal is already in trouble in Mumbai with the charity commissioner appointing an inspector to visit two floors of MET's 10-storeyed building in Bandra (W) to find out if there is any destruction of evidence of alleged premise misuse by Bhujbal.The PIL, filed by former freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar from Pune, has dragged the 64-year-old NCP leaderand his family along with MET co-founder Sunil Karve, the fee committee and the Mumbai charity commissioner to court.The trust runs four Nashik institutes-management, polytechnic, engineering and pharmacy. According to the petitioner, the Bhujbal Knowledge City showed over Rs 4.6 crore allegedly not related to management courses as expenses between 2010-2012 for its institute of management, resulting in fees of Rs 1.15 lakh in 2011-2012 instead of Rs 83,000. It recovered an excess amount of Rs 1.5 crore from its students, the petitioner alleged. The PIL has urged the HC to direct the charity commissioner to appoint a person to manage the trust as all its members, barring Karve, are from the Bhujbal family.The charity commissioner's representative will visit the MET campus in Mumbai on Saturday. MET said, \"We respect the charity commissioner's order to inspect 8th &amp; 10th floors of MET (Bandra) and will fully cooperate with the inspection team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563503", "title": "Yavatmal farm widows' plight moves Kelkar", "text": "NAGPUR: Economist, chairman of the 13th finance commission and retired bureaucrat Vijay Kelkar, who heads the committee formed by Maharashtra governor to take a fresh look at regional imbalance, was moved by the plight of widows of farmers who ended their lives unable to bear the economic stress. \"The crisis in Vidarbha's dry-lands is deep and of immense proportions,\" he agreed after meeting hapless members of the distressed farming community and others at Bacchat Bhavan in Yavatmal collectorate on Friday.Kelkar was particularly touched by the misery of Rekha Thag, a farm widow from Venikota village, who was allegedly thrown out of the house by her in-laws after husband's death. She now fends for herself working as a domestic help in Yavatmal and looks after her children. Kelkar reportedly promised to support education of her daughter.Kelkar and some of his team members had a separate meeting with elected representatives from Zilla Parishad and panchayat samitis who recounted to him the abysmal conditions in which people live in the backward district. Progressive farmer Subhash Sharma, who has successfully tapped organic farming techniques, also presented his views.Vidarbha Jan Andolan Samiti's Kishore Tiwari, in his presentation, blamed the faulty policies of the Maharashtra government for the agrarian crisis that farmers' of the region find themselves in leading to the unending suicide crisis. \"The only plausible solution is creation of separate state of Vidarbha,\" Tiwari stressed.However, Kelkar while summing up the meeting made it clear that he may not able to recommend creation of a new state as it was beyond the scope of his assigned task. Kelkar said the obsession with the perceived backlog figures must go. He would certainly seek policy reforms and long term planning for narrowing gaps in per capita income in the various regions of the state. Different groups within the 14-member committee are tackling issues like governance deficit, infrastructure needs and policy initiatives needed to meet goalposts like poverty alleviation. Kelkar also suggested that technology thrusts like broadband network which could be game-changers and open new avenues for economic development weaning it from agriculture and other traditional resources would be examined.Earlier, after arrival here on Thursday evening, Kelkar, in his interaction with a select group of people, stressed on need for policy changes, especially reforms needed in forest laws that would be taken up by his committee. He said no deadline was fixed for submission of his report as the committee work had suffered because of civic and other elections recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12572500", "title": "University of Mysore convocation today", "text": "MYSORE: University of Mysore (UoM) will confer honorary doctorate on seven persons, including member of economic advisory council to PM Govinda Rao and veteran actress Jayanthi during its 92nd annual commencement ceremony at Crawford Hall here on Saturday.A total of 17,981 candidates (of whom 55% are girls) from five faculties -- Arts, Commerce, Education, Law and Science &amp; Technology -- will also receive degrees. Governor H R Bhardwaj, who is the chancellor of all universities, will not attend the convocation owing to busy schedule. This is the second time in a row that the governor is giving the UoM convocation a miss. However, chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who is the pro-chancellor, will confer the degrees on the candidates. Minister of state for human resource development D Purandeshwari will deliver the convocation address.Briefing reporters on the convocation here on Friday, UoM vice-chancellor V G Talawar said this time, the Syndicate has decided to confer honorary doctorates on seven persons: ISRO associate director S K Shivakumar in Science; Prajna Pravah national convener P V Krishna Bhatta; veteran Gandhian G Madegowda in education, M Govinda Rao, Kannada actress Jayanthi; renowned speaker Pavagada Prakash Rao; and artist C Chandrashekara will get honorary doctorates in literature (DLitt). Meanwhile, Talawar said the UoM had difficult time in fixing a date convenient to governor and the chief guest, minister of state for HRD Purandeshwari.\"The governor had told us to organize the event either on April 4 or 5, or else after April 17 because of his busy schedule. But the minister was not available on these days owing to her hectic schedule. Then, the governor advised us to contact the CM, who is holding higher education portfolio,\" he said, adding: \"After the CM agreed to make it for the convocation, the governor directed us to go ahead with convocation, saying 'don't wait for me as it would be too late if organized in mid-April',\" Talawar said, quoting the governor. The governor didn't attend the previous convocation for health reasons.To facilitate degree receivers and their parents and relatives to witness the 92nd convocation, the UoM has made special arrangements.Registrar (evaluation) B Ramu said they are arranging 500 additional seats in the lawn in front of the Crawford Hall, the administrative block of UoM, for the purpose. This is for the first time in the history that such an arrangement is being made. Two LCD screens will be put up for telecasting the event to those seated in the lawn, while eight TV screens will be fixed inside the hall. With this, the university will be providing seating for nearly 2,300 guests and degree holders, as against the earlier 1,800-strong crowd. The hall has a seating capacity of 1,700, including 600 on the first floor, Ramu added. Ramu said UoM downsized the number of doctoral degrees this year from 367 to 298 (30% are women).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565766", "title": "Government mulls over Welukar\u2019s plan for four pro-VC posts", "text": "MUMBAI: If a proposal submitted by vice-chancellor Rajan Welukar is accepted by the state government, the crisis-ridden Mumbai University will soon have four pro-vicechancellors to restore the credibility of the 150-year-old institution.\"We have received (the) proposal. In view of the large number of colleges, we, too, feel that the university should have more pro-VCs , but this will require an amendment of the Maharashtra Universities Act. We will think about the proposal,\" higher and technical education minister Rajesh Tope told ToI on Friday.A week after the university was rocked by a series of goof-ups , it was felt that for providing a result-oriented administration , besides filling up key vacant posts, the university should have at least four pro-VCs . \"The Indira Gandhi National Open University has five pro-VCs . As such, it will not be unusual to have more pro-VCs at Mumbai University. We have suggested to the government to amend the act to this end. Let the legislature take a decision,\" said a senior university official.Elaborating on the roles planned for them, the official said the four pro-VCs would be for examinations, information technology, distance education and research. \"We feel that for each key sector, there should be a pro-VC under the overall supervision of the VC. If our proposal is approved , we are sure that while it will reduce the VC's burden, it will also improve the university's performance across the board.\"On the Maharashtra Universities Act, the official said it provides for the appointment of a pro-VC if the university has more than 150 colleges . \"When the law was passed in 1994, Mumbai University had 200 affiliated colleges . But now, the number is 650. The colleges have nearly 7 lakh students. Under such circumstances, it is high time the government amended the act and provided for the appointment of more pro-VCs .\"Meanwhile, a senior bureaucrat in the higher and technical education department said that the pro-VC's post will be filled up within a week. Apparently, a threemember panel comprising the principals of leading colleges in the metropolis submitted a proposal to Raj Bhavan for the appointment.But governor K Sankaranarayanan took the view that at a juncture where the university was at the receiving end, it would be better if an outsider was appointed to the post. \"We are looking for an outsider. We are sure the exercise will be completed within a week,'' the bureaucrat said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564871", "title": "Rush to become helpline centres", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A number of colleges are competing with each other to become helpline centers for admission to engineering, pharmacy, MBA and MCA courses. Gujarat Technological University has invited willingness of colleges to act as helpline centers for the centralized admission in technical courses.A university official said that there are 70 helpline centers to be set up for admission of engineering and pharmacy colleges while 70 helpline centers will be established for admission in other professional courses.The officials said that there is lot of pressure from colleges to give them the status of being a helpline center as it is considered prestigious assignment. Many colleges are also trying to use political and babudom influence to get the coveted helpline center, the official claimed, adding, \"It is generally believed amongst the students that college which is a helpline center is a prestigious college with good infrastructure.\" an official. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564038", "title": "Haryana slashes conversion charges", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Finally bowing to pressure of owners of residential units facing sealing due to misuse of premises for commercial/institutional purpose, the urban local bodies department has announced to cut conversion charges for legalizing their properties.Depending upon the location of premises, the urban local bodies department has slashed the conversion charges to almost around 20% of the rates announced earlier. With this thousands of such violators, especially in the national capital region ( NCR) of Gurgaon, Faridabad, Sonipat and Rohtak, will be benefited.In Gurgaon, those persons having their residential premises near 30-meter road would now have to pay an amount of Rs 3,000 per square feet against the old rates of Rs 14,000 per square feet. Those having their buildings near over 30-meter wide roads (national or state highways) would have to pay Rs 3,500 per square feet against the old rates of Rs 16,000.Similarly, for those having structures near 30-meter wide roads of Faridabad and Panchkula would have to pay a fee of Rs 1,500 per square feet against the old rates of Rs 7,200. For over 30 meter roads the charges would be Rs 2,000 per sq feet against the old rates of Rs 9,200.An audit by the town and country planning department and Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) found thousands of shops/commercial premises operating from residential premises.Last year, the town and country planning department had started sealing such premises in the colonies developed by private colonizers. Similarly, HUDA had been taking action in its sectors.ULB department officials said that the new charges would help civic bodies to improve their financial health.According to a decision taken by the ULB department, the rates have been decided on the basis of location as well as property's distance from the roads. The current slabs have been divided into two categories.Slamming the state government, Citizen Welfare Association (CWA) president S K Nayyar said, \"One thing is for sure that it shall encourage violation of building bylaws, create more nuisance in residential areas. This is sure to hit business of those running from commercial areas.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12564614", "title": "Supreme Court clears decks for Gulshan Kumar property dispute trial", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has cleared the decks for resumption of trial court proceedings relating to the decade-long dispute on distribution of assets left behind by Gulshan Kumar of T-Series fame as it dismissed an appeal by the cassette magnate's son Bhushan Kumar, who had questioned a trial court's order summoning him in a cheating case lodged by rival members of the family.After hearing counsel for rival parties, a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and J Chelameswar had framed two questions - whether taking cognizance of an offence by the magistrate was the same as summoning an accused to appear and whether the magistrate, while considering the question of summoning an accused, was required to assign reasons for the same?Writing the judgment for the bench and answering the questions, Justice Sathasivam said, \"A summon is a process issued by a court calling upon a person to appear before the magistrate. It is used for the purpose of notifying an individual of his legal obligation to appear before the magistrate as a response to a violation of law... A person who is summoned is legally bound to appear before the court on the given date and time. Willful disobedience is liable to be punished under Section 174 of IPC. It is a ground for contempt of court.\"However, the bench said a magistrate while summoning a person was not required to \"explicitly state the reasons\". The provision of law mandated a magistrate to \"form an opinion as to whether there existed sufficient ground for summons to be issued but nowhere mentioned that the explicit narration of the same was mandatory, meaning that it was not a pre-requisite for deciding the validity of the summons issued\".\"When an accused appears before the trial court pursuant to summons issues under Section 204 of the code in a summons trial case, it is the bounden duty of the trial court to carefully go through the allegations made in the chargesheet or complaint and consider the evidence to come to a conclusion whether or not, commission of an offence is disclosed and if the answer is in the affirmative, the magistrate shall explain the substance of the accusation to the accused and ask him whether he pleads guilty, otherwise he is bound to discharge the accused as per section 239 of the code,\" the bench said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12568687", "title": "Microsoft, Microland to offer cloud solutions", "text": "BANGALORE: Leading IT infrastructure provider Microland Ltd has entered an alliance with global software major Microsoft Consulting Services ( MCS) to jointly offer cloud solutions to large enterprises in the Indian market.\"With Microsoft software products, we will help enterprises leverage private cloud-based solutions and services to transform their businesses in the Indian private cloud market, which is estimated to accrue $3.5 billion in revenues by 2015,\" Microland vice president M.D. Bobby said in a statement Friday.The solutions will be based on Microsoft's data centre services, an integrated framework built on industry - leading architectures, spanning hyper-visor cloud services, infrastructure as a service transformation, optimised data centre transformation and well managed date centre transformation.\"The partnership will enable us to deliver services that support heterogeneous hyper-visor environments with operating systems and application development frameworks, which allow customers to face challenges in data centre management such as server sprawl, security threats, service downtime and regulatory changes,\" Microsoft Services general manager Meetul Patel said.As alliance partners, both will jointly provide lifecycle, end-to-end range of services, from consulting, design and architecture to delivery, deployment, implementation and management to enable customers maximise returns on investments in data centers by reducing operational costs and leveraging virtualisation and cloud technology.\"By partnering with Microland, we will bring our industry-leading architectures and best practices to customers in India, to help them reduce costs, improve service levels and drive business agility,\" Patel observed.Microsoft private cloud solutions are built to provide enterprise class virtualisation, end-to-end service management and insight into applications so customers can focus on delivering business value.Microland is already working with an unspecified large enterprise customer for the deployment and migration to a private cloud across verticals such as banking, financial services, and government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564605", "title": "Tollywood shivers as IPL fever catches", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tollywood's hopes of making hay while the sun shines this summer have gone for a toss, literally. IPL extravaganza is badly denting the box-office collections. Filmmakers are caught in a tricky situation as all the big budget films are planned for release during summer and they cannot even entertain the idea of postponing them despite the threat from the latest edition of the IPL which began on April 4.\"Practically, every show will be affected. There are matches at 3 pm and 7 pm every day. That means, the matinee at 2 pm, the first show at 6 pm and even the second show at 9 pm will be badly affected. The film industry can only hope that the new releases are juicier and spicier. If the movie is good it will definitely draw crowds to the theatres. But if there is a divided talk, people tend to give it a miss and prefer to watch a more exciting cricket game instead,\" said Telugu Film Producers Council (TPFC) secretary T Prasanna Kumar Reddy.According to industry sources, the affect clearly reflected on the first day of the latest IPL season with people staying glued to their television sets. The much-publicised `Racha' was released on Thursday and fans want to go and watch the movie in the first week itself whether it is good or not. It's the same about other big-budget movies that have been lined up this summer. But trust Tollywood to come up with its usual gimmicks of publicising its movies as huge hits so that the film buffs will come to theatres. There will be talk shows and game shows on television to promote the movies , followed by success meets and success yatras etc.The Telugu film industry, which is among the top in producing the most number of films in the country, had a plan to make huge profits this holiday season, if one goes by the huge budgets invested in different films. A senior film producer said the estimated loss on account of cricket clashing with cinema will be around Rs 200 crore.It may be mentioned here, the film industry is fully aware of the power of the cricket and the industry has been organizing its own star cricket tournaments for some time now. \"It is not always that films took a beating because of cricket. There have been instances of some films overcoming the cricket storms to make a neat sum at the box-office,\" said A P Film Chamber of Commerce secretary K Ashok Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564675", "title": "Wakf land verdict worries Lanco customers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The recent High Court ruling in favour of the Wakf Board has not just put the state government in a tight spot but even left Lanco Hills customers worried. With the 108.10 acres of prime land in Manikonda that houses the towering residential property now being declared as Wakf land, buyers are jittery and some customers have withheld their payments due to the developer until the title issue is resolved.S Pochendar, chief executive officer of Lanco Hills said there was a growing concern among his buyers. While admitting that his office was being inundated with queries, the CEO maintained that the firm would not disappoint its clients. \"Our customers are of prime importance to us. We will do everything to ensure they are not inconvenienced.\"For now, the payments are on hold. \"A few buyers were slated to make a bulk payment this week. But post the court ruling they have decided to hold onto their money till the state government and Wakf Board reach an amicable solution,\" said a city realtor who has sealed many deals on behalf of the real estate major. While customers have been assured of early handover by Lanco officials, they fear that the crisis might be long-drawn considering the legalities involved. \"Also, registrations have been delayed now, so customers are in no hurry,\" he added.Monetary concerns apart, buyers of the plush property also expressed dissatisfaction over the developer's decision to keep the Wakf angle under wraps at the time of sale. Admitting they knew nothing about the land title until the matter came up in court, buyers said that Lanco should have sounded off its clients about the issue before they signed on the dotted line. \"We would think we have invested with a responsible group. For them to not disclose such an important fact is unacceptable,\" said a buyer on conditions of anonymity.But not all are as wary. Some like Vinod Sahani, who too owns an apartment in the Lanco Hills tower, feels there is nothing to be worried about. \"Lanco is big name and it cannot let its customers down. It is only a matter of time before things return to normalcy,\" he said. Lanco Hills has as many as 840 apartments of which 700 have been sold at a price ranging between Rs 3,500 and Rs 4,500 per sft. About 40 customers have even moved into their new homes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12563497", "title": "Man jumps off 5th floor of Noida mall, dies", "text": "NOIDA: A 55-year-old man jumped to his death from the fifth floor of Centre Stage Mall on Friday. Cops have recovered a suicide note from the spot.The incident occurred around 12.30pm when Ravinder Kumar Handa, a resident of Sector 27, plummeted to his death in front of several horrified witnesses who had come to shop, police said. He was rushed to Max Hospital in Sector 19 where he was declared brought dead. The suicide note, written in Hindi, was found tucked under his slippers. \"I am the sole cause of my death and nobody else should be held responsible for it,\" reads the note. Cops have sent it for \"hand writing analysis.\"Handa, who used to run a jewellery shop in Atta market, was forced to close it down around five years ago due to recurring financial losses. He had been unemployed since then. His family and friends said Handa had also been depressed. He had left home around 10am on Friday morning telling his wife Anita that he was going to the neighbourhood barber for a shave.\"When he did not return for some time, I sent my daughter to the barber shop to look for him. The barber denied that my husband had visited him. Assuming that he must have gone elsewhere for some work, my daughter returned home,\" Anita said.Handa's family members said they had no idea that \"he was contemplating suicide.\" \"After we closed down the shop, I began conducting tuition classes for students up to Class IX. My husband tried to look for other jobs but without any success,\" Anita said. \"At times, we sought financial help from my parents. My husband was sad but he did not suffer from mental illness.\"Handa's neighbours, however, said that while on the face of it, he \"seemed fine,\" there were \"several indicators in his day-to-day activities that suggested otherwise\". \"Sometimes, he would just sit in a corner, lost in his own thoughts,\" a neighbour said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565629", "title": "30,000 answer books await re-evaluation", "text": "MUMBAI: The university, beset with problems regarding the evaluation of exam papers, has another worry at hand. More than 30,000 answer sheets from last October's exams need to be re-evaluated as the students are soon going to appear for ATKT tests.Most of the re-evaluation applicants are first year BE students (around 12,000) followed by law students (around 4,000; degree and integrated courses ). While re-evaluation has always been a daunting task for the university, this year, the teachers' strike has made things more difficult. But the new director of examinations, Subhash Deo, has promised to prioritize the pending re-evaluation work.\"If there was any change in marks, the earlier process needed students to send their old mark sheets to the university . We are trying to cut down this step and will send the revised mark sheets immediately after re-evaluation. Students can send their old mark sheets later to the university via their college,\" he said.According to him, the university will thus shorten the process by 8-10 days and ensure that students get their mark sheets before they take their ATKT tests. He said students will also get back the ATKT test fee.\"There are no fulltime approved faculty members in most law colleges in the city, which is a major drawback when it comes to test paper evaluation ,\" said an exam official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564697", "title": "Cops hunt for this corporator", "text": "BANGALORE: Cubbon Park police are looking out for Shantalanagar corporator K Shivakumar who has been accused of trespassing into a prime property on Vittal Malya Road and committing theft at the construction site. Police on Friday booked a case of trespass and theft against Shivakumar after the builder filed a complaint against him.In his complaint, builder Aditya Raheja, who is constructing a five-star hotel near UB City on Vittal Mallya Road, said the first-time corporator and his supporters had bar8ged into his site on March 29 and late on Wednesday, vandalized pro8perty, threatened labourers and made off with construction material.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570904", "title": "Amala Paul to romance Mohanlal", "text": "Amala Paul's stocks seem to be headed north since the overwhelming success of Love Failure. The actress has bagged a clutch of big ticket productions in Telugu and Tamil cinema. Now she is all set to star opposite superstar Mohan Lal in a Malayalam film. Joshy is directing the film titled Run Baby Run. Apparently the actress just jumped at the offer after hearing that it's a Mohanlal film. The actress has been very choosy about her roles off late but she seems to have made an exception with this one.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565145", "title": "Environment Service Scheme activity to be must in Mumbai schools", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government plans to introduce Environment Service Scheme (ESS) in Mumbai schools to provide \"action-oriented environmental literacy\".ESS, which is like the NCC and NSS, will, however, be a compulsory activity and is aimed at helping students understand the local environment, ecosystem and problems associated them. A brainchild of secretary (environment) Valsa Nair-Singh and a group of experts, ESS activities will include the study of resources such as soil, water, biodiversity and energy and issues like degradation, pollution, waste and scarcity.ESS has already been implemented in 50 schools across 12 districts, and Mumbai schools-from class VII-will be taken up in the second phase this year. \"The objective is to develop leadership skills on environment issues,\" a senior state environment department official said.\"They will have to work on projects related to natural resource management from social and environment points of view with the local community,\" a senior state environment department official said. \"Schools must devote three hours every week for ESS. We are spending about Rs 90,000 for each school's activities.\"The environment department has selected the state's nodal agency, the Centre for Environment Education (CEE), to handle the activity for three years.The CEE will select schools, district-level NGOs and district coordinators in consultation with the department. The coordinators will not only train unit head teachers, but also provide education material, frame activity time-tables and submit budget estimates to the department.The NGOs must be registered societies, cooperative institutes, trusts or associations having at least three years experience in the field of environment. They will act mediators between schools and the local community and contribute to project ideas. At the unit level, principals must get in touch with the nodal agency for the formation of ESS units in their schools.ESS will be monitored by a state-level advisory committee under the chairmanship of the chief secretary and the government will look into its implementation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563973", "title": "Cops fail in court, Zenito out on bail", "text": "PANAJI: Gangster Zenito Cardozo, who was arrested by Calangute police on Thursday morning, was granted bail later that evening.Zenito was arrested for conspiring with caretakers at Apna Ghar to plan the escape of the minor juveniles - who were in conflict with the law, were lodged at the home and had committed theft at Calangute. He was granted bail with the condition that he should report to the police station for 10 consecutive days in the morning.Sources said that the police weren't able to convince the court that besides the evidence of the juveniles, they had any other evidence to link the accused with the case and therefore needed to interrogate him in custody to further expose the link with the caretakers.The racket came to light after Porvorim police during 'nakabandi' on Friday found three minors boys moving in a suspicious manner on a stolen bike. When intercepted, two boys escaped, while the third boy was caught and he spilled the beans on the racket that has been going on for quite some time.The boy revealed that before they would escape from Apna Ghar, they would contact Zenito over the phone and he would arrange for a car for them to escape. \"Zenito and another gang member are involved in helping the children escape. A child who had escaped with their help has informed Juvenile Justice Board (JJB) members that they escaped with the help from caretakers, Zenito and his associate. A JJB report also states this,\" a Women and Child department official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565787", "title": "Rail officials must not hide behind rule-book, says an activist", "text": "MUMBAI: Many accident victims can escape death if the authorities are sensitive enough to provide timely medical help, instead of hiding behind the rulebook or making frivolous excuses.Sameer Zaveri, an activist, said, \"Officials must be sensitized about their roles, which can save or take a victim's life. Many officials fail to understand the gravity of an issue.\" He cited two cases to show how officials cared more about rules and regulations, instead of using common sense, which could have saved lives.Zaveri said, \"If an accident has occurred in Virar, the authorities still admit the victim to Bhagwati Hospital, which is 35km away. Why can't directives be issued to admit the victim to the nearest hospital, in or around Virar?\"In November, a station master in Borivli refused to provide an ambulance parked outside even to transport an accident victim, who had met with an accident in Kandivli. Vijay Kasar, a constable , in his complaint to a senior inspector , Borivli GRP, said, \"A commuter met with an accident in Kandivli on January 11. The station master issued a memo to shift him to Bhagwati. The victim was taken by train from Kandivli to Borivli, where an ambulance was available . But the Borivli station master refused to provide the ambulance, claiming it was meant for only those who get injured in his jurisdiction.\"Zaveri said, \"The constable was compelled to shift the victim by an auto-rickshaw . Since precious time was lost, the victim succumbed to injuries.\"He pointed out that a Bombay high court order of October 6, 2004, stated that a station master was duty-bound to arrange an ambulance.Times ViewLosing lives to inadequate transport infrastructure (overcrowded trains) is bad. But losing even lives that could have been saved because of the official penchant to stick to the rule book is even worse. Officials, from the railway or the GRP, need to react to emergency situations like human beings; disregarding an archaic rule, if it can save a life, is a much better option in an emergency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563695", "title": "HC alters lifer to 10-year jail", "text": "PANAJI: Reducing the sentenced of life imprisonment imposed by a trial court, the high court of Bombay at Goa recently ordered a ten-year jail term against Suresh Vadnur on charges of causing the death of Vithal Zunzure with a wooden 'danda' at Sacorda in 2008.The prosecution case was that on March 14, 2008, the accused assaulted the deceased on his head with a wooden 'danda'. The victims sustained grievous injuries and died. The prosecution stated that the accused was last seen in the company of the deceased and there were blood stains on the accused's clothes.The sessions judge-II at Margao had convicted Vadnur under Section 302 of the Indian Penal code and sentenced him to undergo life imprisonment and to pay a fine of 5,000. However, the accused had challenged the sentenced before the high court.During the hearing of the case, the accused's lawyer argued that Vadnur had also sustained injuries during the fight and hence it was not a case of murder. He further stated that at the most, the case may fall under Section 304 part II of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).While pointing out that the accused had sustained simple injuries during the fight, the public prosecutor said the accused had acted in a \"very cruel manner\" during the incident. Hence, the case comes under Section 304 part I of IPC, the public prosecutor added.While altering the sentence, the high court observed thus: \"In the course of sudden quarrel, the accused had given danda blows to the deceased, on vital part of the body, which resulted in his death. It is therefore that the conviction of the accused is liable to be altered from Section 302 to Section 304 Part I of the IPC.\"The high court further ordered that the accused is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a period of ten years and also to pay fine of Rs 5,000. In default, Vadnur would have to undergo further rigorous imprisonment for two months, the court noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568046", "title": "Gowry Lekshmi started composing at 13!", "text": "Mollywood has few women lyricists and music directors to its credit. Not anymore though. Gowry Lekshmi, a student of RLV College, has set her foot firmly in Mollywood.Her song, Sakhiye Nin Kanmunayil... which was included in the audio CD of the Mohanlal-starrer, Confident Casanovva , was an instant hit. \"I wrote and composed Sakhiye ... when I was 13 years old. When music director Gopi Sunder heard the song he liked it and agreed to give the background score,\" says the young girl about her Mollywood debut.Trained in Carnatic, Hindustani and western music, Gowry started writing songs when she was in Class IV and used to record them in her dad's recording studio. Over the last 10 years, Gowry has written and composed 50 songs.\"I always wanted to be in the music field and I'm looking forward to mastering the technical side - orchestration and recording. Currently, I am able to do just music direction. I want to do the background scores as well, so that I can work independently,\" says a confident Gowry, who wants to do a diploma course in sound engineering after completing her degree in music.Meanwhile, she is busy with her latest Mollywood project. \"I'm working on a song for yet another movie titled Mizhi. It's going to be a folk melody,\" says Gowry. There are a few other projects as well. \"However, I can't disclose anything more at the moment,\" she signs off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/new delhi", "code": "12565110", "title": "Maoist hostage crisis: Factions jockey for control, hold up release of hostages", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/NEW DELHI: Attempts to secure the release of Italian national Bosusco Paolo and BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka suffered a setback on Friday with competitive bargaining by two Naxal groups holding them captive complicating the Odisha government's efforts to end the crisis.The Sabyasachi Panda-led group holding Paolo rejected the state government's offer to free four jailed Naxals, including Panda's wife Subashree. In response to demands from both the Panda group as well as the Andhra-Orissa faction holding Hikaka, the government has agreed to release 27 persons, including members of the Naxal-aligned Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh.Sources said the two Naxal groups are jockeying for legitimacy and control in the Odisha region and this has led to them to up the ante in terms of their demands. While an agreement with Panda appeared on the cards, he has asked for more concessions, perhaps fearing criticism that he was essentially bargaining for the release of his wife.A weakened Maoist central command with several top leaders either killed or jail, has seen factions like the Andhra-Odisha border committee and the Panda group function almost autonomously. With its area of operations shrinking, Panda accused the government of stage managing the Hikaka kidnap.The Naveen Patnaik government finds itself in a fix with Panda releasing a audio cassette in which he has threatened to take an \"extreme and final call\" if his demand of more jailed Naxals being set free is not met by April 10.While there is a negotiating channel with Panda through intermediaries approved by the Maoist leader, there is no such dialogue with the Andhra-dominated Daya group believed to be behind the abduction of Hikaka, a tribal legislator from Laxmipur. With the two groups putting forward their own demands, a resolution has become more elusive.The Red rebels responsible for kidnapping Hikaka were yet to communicate their stand while their deadline ends on Saturday evening. With the two groups looking to score points at the expense of one another, BJD leaders point out that the political costs of succumbing to demands need to be balanced with lives of the captives at stake.Panda alias Sunil, secretary, Odisha State Organizing Committee of CPI (Maoist), accused the government of a 'callous attitude' and not fulfilling Maoists' demands to free Paolo. He alleged that the MLA hostage episode appears to be fallout of a deal between the ruling BJD and the Chasi Muliya Adivasi Sangh during the Koraput zilla parishad president's elections on March 13.Asking for a written agreement between the state government and rebel-named mediators, BD Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, Panda alleged the government was 'disrespecting' the negotiators and had converted the talks into a 'farce'. He said the abductors let go Italian Claudio Colangelo on March 25 but the government continues to ignore Maoists' demands. \"Unless the government gives us a signed agreement and clarifies about release of the seven persons we had demanded, we will be forced to take the extreme and final step,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568559", "title": "The broadcast rights of 24 are still up for grabs: Anil Kapoor", "text": "For a while, it looked like Anil Kapoor's frantic search for a producer for the Indian remake of the cult American series 24 had ended with STAR Plus almost buying the rights for a staggering Rs 85 crore. However, Mirror can now reveal, the deal did not get inked. The bone of contention was the moolah.A source from the television industry revealed that Kapoor felt STAR Plus' offer wasn't meaty enough for him to sink his teeth into.When contacted, Kapoor said, \"The broadcast rights of 24 are still up for grabs. I haven't finalised any channel yet. At this point, several channels are talking to me.\"So impressed is the actor with the larger-than-life counter-terrorism franchise that he intends keeping a major part of this year free of commitments to be able to shoot for it. \"I am totally involved with the creative and technical aspects of the desi version,\" he said.Explaining why Kapoor wasn't satisfied with the STAR Plus offer, a source close to the project said, \"Anil is making desi 24 on a jaw-dropping scale. Keeping in mind the quality of the content he is planning to deliver, the actor feels he deserves a lot more.\"Meanwhile, we can also tell you that Kapoor is now in advanced talks with a rival channel from the Viacom stable. However, that does not mean STAR is no more in the race. Kapoor's production company is expected to take a call soon, as our source from the television industry revealed.Kapoor, who portrays the middleeastern leader Omar Hassan in the original 24, will play the protagonist, antiterror squad leader Jack Bauer in the Indian version. In the English version, one of Kapoor's favourite Hollywood actors Keifer Sutherland essays the role.While neither of the channels wished to comment despite repeated attempts, we can tell you even if the Rs 85-crore deal with STAR had gone through, it would have been the fattest deal ever in the history of Indian television shows.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new dehli", "code": "12567619", "title": "Girl killed, 3 injured in accident in Delhi", "text": "NEW DEHLI: A 11-year-old girl student was crushed to death and three others injured when the two-wheeler in which they were riding was hit by a tractor in outer Delhi this morning, police said.The girl identified as Gayatri was killed on the spot when the tractor laden with a water tanker hit the motorcycle at Aman Vihar around 7.30 AM. Kuldeep, who was riding the bike, was taking the trio to their school.Kuldeep and two others Sangeetha and Pooja were rushed to a near-by hospital. While Pooja escaped with minor injuries, Sangeetha is undergoing treatment at the hospital.\"Kuldeep is in the emergency section,\" a senior police official said, adding that the tractor driver managed to escape from the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565839", "title": "Cancel land allotments: Opposition", "text": "Though chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has said that the CAG report, which reportedly highlights suspect land allotments to institutions with links to senior politicians, will be tabled in the state legislature soon, pressure is mounting on him to cancel the allotments. Opposition leaders assert that there are similarities of arbitrariness between these allotments and the allocation of land to filmmaker Subhash Ghai, which was cancelled by the Bombay High Court.The Supreme Court on Wednesday upheld the high court judgment squashing the Vilasrao Deshmukh government's decision to allot 20 acres of land at Film City to Ghai-owned Mukta Arts at throwaway prices for starting a film institute.The apex court said a chief minister cannot \"bend or bypass rules to give\" state land to a \"blueeyed boy\". The high court, in its order, had called the allotment \"arbitrary, unreasonable and illegal\".Opposition leaders said the cases pointed out in the yet-tobe-released CAG report show that land was similarly given away in an arbitrary fashion and at nominal prices to institutions with ties to cabinet ministers. \"In my opinion, the two cases are identical. It will be appropriate on Chavan's part to cancel the lands allotted to organisations controlled by politicians,\" Vinod Tawde, leader of opposition in the legislative council, told TOI.The senior BJP leader also demanded that Chavan set up a judicial probe under the Commissions of Inquiry Act to investigate the role of politicians. \"What they reportedly did amounts to gross misuse of power. The probe should be entrusted either to the CBI or to a Commission of Inquiry,\" Tawde said.A former chief secretary also drew parallels between the Whistling Woods case and the allocations of land, as alleged by the opposition, to institutions linked to Deshmukh , industries minister Narayan Rane , agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe Patil, public works minister Chhagan Bhujbal and forest minister Patangrao Kadam. \"These institutions are indulging in large-scale profiteering on concessional land. They are not doing charity. Under such circumstances, Chavan should cancel the allotments ,\" he said.The former bureaucrat explained that, as per legislative rules, once the CAG report is tabled in the legislature, it is submitted to the Public Accounts Committee for deliberations. \"The PAC then summons the secretaries of the concerned departments and questions them on how the decisions were taken and on the legality of these decisions. It then submits its recommendations to the state legislature. The entire exercise takes over two years. I feel that the assembly can urge the PAC to submit its report within three months to the legislature. Only then would it be possible to act on the CAG report,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12565747", "title": "Mysore City Corporation evicts street vendors", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore City Corporation (MCC) evicted street food vendors and banned the sale of street food on Friday. The issue is now snowballing into a controversy, with the hawkers seeking to petition chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda , who is visiting the city on Saturday.The civic body, which started the drive at 10am and plans to carry out till May, intensified it in the evening when the street food vendors put up their stalls. Prime target was those in areas in the city centre - near Town Hall, Chandragupta Road, KSRTC suburban bus stand, Irwin Road, JK Grounds and Krishna Vilas Road. Even those shops that were put up on the roadside permanently were shut down and the materials seized, which are now dumped at Town Hall. People were inconvenienced, while the vendors complained of loss due to \"sudden action\" by the civic body, which said \"it will not allow the business to open till May\".While it targetted street food vendors, the MCC is also focusing on hygienic conditions in hotels. It has served notices to five hotels directing them to maintain hygiene.MCC health officer Dr Nagaraju told TOI that the health inspectors and environmental officers are daily visiting at least five hotels and checking hygiene there. \"Since the situation demanded following rise in the cases of cholera and jaundice, we had to act tough and evict street food vendors,\" he said.When the drive was started, the vendors were caught off guard and at some places there was opposition too. According to the HO, the drive is carried across the city with the central business district in focus. The vendors have decided to approach the CM and submit a memorandum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563272", "title": "Jaiswal to survey Bhagwagar Layout encroachment", "text": "NAGPUR: After TOI ran a series of reports earlier this month showing how RM Goplani, a contractor with the Nagpur Municipal Corporation, had brazenly occupied a piece land worth crores of rupees at Bhagwagar Layout for about 8-10 years, commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal has finally decided to act and remove the encroachment.Goplani was using the land as a parking area for his trucks and a garage-cum-store room for equipment and maintenance. His labourers too were occupying some hutments on the plot which shared a common wall with NMC's Children Traffic Park. Streetlight poles too had been usurped. Though Goplani pulled his boundary wall and 'released' the streetlights, he did not vacate the land.NMC launched an anti-encroachment drive in many parts of the city from March 30. Jaiswal himself has been supervising it. The drive started on Central Avenue and then moved to Mahal, Cotton Market and Gokulpeth. However, Jaiswal did not extend the drive to Bhagwagar Layout which is just a short distance away.\"I have sought the documents related to the land and also survey reports submitted by officials. I will conduct a survey in a couple of days. If it is a clear case of encroachment, I will ensure that it is removed within a week,\" he said.The NMC has been facing tremendous pressure in the anti-encroachment drive. On Thursday, Jaiswal was attacked at Gokulpeth market by traders. However, he has decided to up the ante and not succumb to pressures especially as directives have come from the High Court.A citizen from Bhagwagar Layout has suggested that the encroached land could be freed and used for the expansion for Traffic Park. \"Due to different kinds of new activities, the park has become congested and is crying for expansion,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565833", "title": "BJP leaders get restive as BS Yeddyurappa issue hangs fire", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's delay in taking a decision on whether to reinstate former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa or to continue with Sadananda Gowda is hurting the party in the state.In fact, while they are pitched against each other, both Gowda and Yeddyurappa are asking for a decision to be taken by the central party leadership at the earliest. The uncertainty, with Yeddyurappa eager to get back in command and Gowda waiting for a clear mandate from the party to either continue as CM or quit, has resulted in an erosion in BJP's stocks in the state. Senior state BJP leaders have already lost hope of returning to office for another term, whenever polls are held.During his last visit to the national capital, Gowda is learnt to have told the central leadership that he was ready to accept any decision but it was not possible for him to function under the prevailing uncertainty. Many party seniors are also of the view that the matter should be cleared at the earliest to salvage whatever remains of the party's image and strength in Karnataka.On his last trip here, Yeddyurappa was assured that a decision in the \"positive direction\" would be taken soon and he has been waiting since. The former Karnataka chief minister is making the best use of the time, touring the districts, but is getting restless too.Sources in the BJP's Karnataka unit said Gadkari was using excuses to delay a decision. Whether it is going for fresh surveys regarding the leadership question or the dates coming up for various cases that have to do with Yeddyurappa, the central party is buying time to take a final decision.In fact, the randomly used excuse by central leaders, including Gadkari, seems to be the LK Advani factor. According to a source, central leaders have been claiming that they were for Yeddyurappa but \"Advani was not in favour of the decision\". Advani had objected to Yeddyurappa coming back as chief minister till he was cleared of corruption charges as it would come in the way of the BJP's campaign against corruption at the national level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568899", "title": "Dabangg 2 is my baby: Arbaaz Khan", "text": "Arbaaz quashes rumours of Salman driving the sequel, but says its a democratic setupArbaaz Khan hasn't taken too kindly to buzz about brother Salman Khan becoming a codirector of sorts for Dabangg 2. The director, who has of late been keeping a rather low profile, has finally decided to take charge and how!In a clean departure from his earlier stance during the making of Dabangg, when he admitted to having sought Salman's guidance every step, a new and improved Arbaaz asserted himself, \"I don't know why people think I'm likely to falter as a director. Sure, I've gathered together a talented team. But at the end of the day, only I am the director of Dabangg 2. I am not a novice. I come from a family where my father (Salim Khan) is a reputed writer. I have 45 films to my credit as an actor. It's not as if I am just walking into a set for the first time.\"Ribbed about the Salman factor, he said, \"I agree Salman is extremely experienced and we'd be stupid not to take his advice. But on the sets, there is a very democratic atmosphere. Right from the spotboy to the actors, they are all welcome to make suggestions. I listen to every one but do exactly what I want to. It'd be stupid of me to sit rigidly with my ideas thinking there's no other way of doing a shot.\"So what gives? A source close to the film informed, \"Arbaaz felt all the talk of Salman ghost-directing Dabangg 2 would kill the impact of his directorial debut. He spoke to Salman about his misgivings and Salman (being Salman) readily agreed to step back and let his brother take charge.\"Said our source, \"For Dabangg 2, Salman is only an actor. He doesn't want to take the shine away from Arbaaz's directorial debut.\"Meanwhile, Arbaaz, who seems to have made up his mind not to be branded a pushover, said, \"I'm not the first actor to turn director. Mel Gibson and Raj Kapoor have made the switchover before me. And no one expected them to get directorial help from their team.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563461", "title": "Chanda Bedni keeps the audience spell bound", "text": "NAGPUR: Twenty three ago, Chanda Bedni, a presentation by the Bhopal-based theatre group Nat Bundele, was first staged in Nagpur. On Friday, it was back once again; this time part of a two-day Hindi drama festival organized to mark the foundation day of city-based Mall Constructions.Differences are bound to crop up between the first show and what was staged today. The cast could have been different, the director Alakhnandan, passed away on 14th February this year, but the play has retained the verve, energy and its grip over the audience. The packed-to-capacity Sai Sabha Gruh, with the theatre lovers enjoying every minute of the play made this evident.Set to the folk art of Bundelkhandi Swang, Chanda Bedni uses theatre, music and dance, mixes it with palace politics and caste system to weave a gripping story of love and treachery, of simplicity stymied by connivance and in the end of political systems and exploitation.But it is the presentation which takes the breath away. The twenty plus cast falls in a single line to sing an introduction, the characters jump, do cartwheels and run around the stage, the protagonist sings, dances and acts all the while moving seamlessly from one form to another. A set of musicians placed in the corner of the stage provide live support with drum beats and harmonium.Though the play uses the Bundelkhandi dialect, the rustic jokes, the irreverence towards the system and the gimmickry liven up the act and make it comprehensible to even those who can't catch the meaning of the words.Written by Alakhnandan, Chanda Bedni is considered to be his signature play. The format of the play speaks of the writer's vision. In terms of genre, it qualifies as folk theatre and this gives it colour as well as liberty to flesh out thoughts which otherwise would have been lost.For the audience, this play serves a rich palette of folk heritage which is so well nuanced that it fires the interest of even an urban audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12571408", "title": "Goshtaba, dosa on PM's menu for Zardari", "text": "NEW DELHI: Mouth-watering Kashmiri delicacy Goshtaba are among a spread of delicacies from various parts of India awaiting Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari at the lunch with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh here tomorrow.The cuisine has been tastefully selected with an aim of bringing together specalities of all regions.From Kashmir, the menu will have 'goshtaba', meatballs in curd-based curry which is the mainstay of Wazwan.Dosa and avial (mixed vegetables) is the selection from the South along with prawns.As starters, there will be Barra Kabab from the central heartland of the country.The desserts will include phirni from the north and sandesh, a Bengali delicacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564670", "title": "Bahrain woman breathes easy with new lung", "text": "CHENNAI: For several weeks, Hanan Hassan, a 47-year-old woman from Bahrain diagnosed with lung disease, depended on continuous oxygen to breathe. After visiting many hospitals abroad, she came to Global Hospitals in Chennai, where she underwent a single lung transplant on March 26. Doctors said she is recovering well from the surgery.Hassan was diagnosed with interstitial lung disease which affects interstitium, the space around the air sacs of the lungs, and scars the lungs. The scarring is irreversible and eventually affects the ability to breathe and get enough oxygen into the bloodstream. \"We waitlisted her for a lung transplant,\" said transplant surgeon Dr N Madushankar.On March 26, the state cadaver registry allotted an organ to Hassan after it ensured there were no Indians on the waiting list. The donor, a 38-year-old man, was declared brain dead at the Government General Hospital following a head injury he sustained after falling from a bus.Earlier, the Global Hospitals team had done a similar transplant on an Iraqi national. On November 16, 2011 they did the first successful single lung transplant.Dr Madhusankar's team said they preferred a single lung transplant for two reasons. First, it was wise to transplant just one lung and use the other one for another patient as organs are hard to come by. The body can sustain itself with just one lung. Second, the morbidity rate comes down with one lung transplant. Two lungs will support the body better but if the body's immune system fights the new organ, both will be rejected. If we retain one of the patient's own organ, we can put the patient on medication until the next transplant, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565710", "title": "Voices of discontent get shriller in Samajwadi Party camp", "text": "LUCKNOW: The legislative council elections are proving to be a more Herculean task for the Samajwadi Party (SP) supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav than the recently concluded assembly elections. Reason: The veteran politician is having a tough time keeping his flocks together. Interestingly, trouble is piling in quarters from where it was least expected: Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, the shahi imaam of Jama Masjid (Delhi). The tremors were evident for quite some time now but the calm supposedly prevailing within the SP gave way on Friday evening when the shahi imam announced that his son-in-law Umar Ali Khan will not contest the council polls. Umar Ali was nominated as a candidate by the SP chief on Thursday itself.Maulana Bukhari insisted that he was unhappy with the poor representation of Muslims among the candidates shortlisted for the council polls on Thursday and for the Rajya Sabha as well about a fortnight ago.\"The party should have nominated at least one Muslim for the Rajya Sabha and two for the council. But that has not been the case so we have decided that my son-in-law Umar Ali will not contest for the council polls,\" Imam Bukhari reportedly told journalists in Delhi on Friday evening. Though Bukhari's complaint may appear as demand for proper representation of Muslims within the SP hierarchy, a major chunk of the Muslim leaders in SP see it as a desperate attempt of the imam to establish himself as the Muslim voice within the party.\"It has nothing to do with the Muslim representation within the SP cadres. It is purely a result of Bukhari's apprehensions that the inexplicable promotion of his son-in-law within the party may render him a loner,\" said a visibly unhappy senior SP leader.Many senior SP leaders believe that Bukhari and his son-in-law have already been awarded much more than their share of privileges within the party. In the assembly elections, the SP supremo gave a ticket to Umar Ali from Saharanpur even at the cost of senior Muslim leader and Mulayam loyalist Rasheed Masood who was baying for a ticket for his own son from the assembly constituency. When Mulayam refused to budge, Rasheed Masood joined the Congress. Despite all the hype built around Umar Ali, he lost the polls.Quite a few senior in SP also believe that Rasheed Masood's hostility rising from the dispute cost the party dear not only in terms of Umar Ali losing the polls but also left a negative impact on other party candidates in the region like Shahnawaz Khan - a blue eyed of SP's established Muslim face Azam Khan.Despite Umar's poor performance in the assembly elections, he was nominated for the council elections by the party supremo on Thursday. His nomination rubbed quite a few shoulders the wrong way. But none could dare take up the issue before the party president more out of respect than fear of inviting his ire.Though Azam Khan himself was non committal on the issue, sources close to him confirm that he was \"not happy\" to say the least, with Umar's nomination. One possible reason was that Azam wanted Shahnawaz Khan to be nominated for the council as well.It is not only about Bukhari and Azam. Almost total blackout of team Akhilesh in the cabinet of ministers, Rajya Sabha and council nominations has also put a question mark over party's claims of offering a young and vibrant leadership. Then there is Anuradha Chaudhary - a former leader of Rashtriya Lok Dal (RLD) who snapped her ties with the party president Ajit Singh to join hands with the SP in the run-up to the assembly elections.Initially, reports said, Anuradha was hopeful of finding a berth in Rajya Sabha through SP. Once the list for the Rajya Sabha candidates was out, she had supposedly pinned her hopes on the UP council. Having failed to make it to the nominations for the council elections has understandably left her more than unhappy, party sources said.Now the unhappy lot has pinned its hope on the lone council seat that has been rendered vacant ever since Mayawati resigned from her council membership after the assembly polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "12569717", "title": "34 elephants, 200 staff to conduct rhino census in Kaziranga National Park", "text": "GUWAHATI: As many as 34 elephants and 200 personnel will be involved in the tenth rhino census inside the world famous Kaziranga National Park in upper Assam.The trained elephants and 200 staff, including foresters, NGOs and local villagers and media personnel, will be involved in the three-day census which began today, chief conservator of forest (CCF) S P Singh, the leader of the operation, said.The census operation was started wayback in 1966 inside the park, a world heritage site, which is known for its one-horned rhino, a highly endangered species.The census began in the central range of Kohora, Western range Bagori and Burapahar range today, he said.In the last census in 2009, a total of 2048 rhinos were found while in 2006 the number was 1855.\"This time we are sure that the number of rhinos will increase\", Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12565026", "title": "Kotda excavation hints at ancient Harappan trade hub", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Kutch has been a treasure trove for archaeologists because of its rich history of ancient sites dating back to the Harappan civilization, one of the oldest in the world. Now, with the discovery of another site dating back to the late Harappan period (2000 BC) at Kotda Bhadli, experts believe that they will get to know more about rural areas of the Harappan period and heterogeneous groups that existed side-by-side with the town-dwellers.The project began in 2011 when the state archaeology department joined hands with Pune's Deccan College's department of archaeology and started excavation near Kotda village near Nakhatrana. The cleaning and excavation took place in early 2012 and researchers uncovered fortified settlement along with a central structure in an area of approximately 400 square meters. Researchers have also found artefacts including pottery shards, bangles and ornaments from the site.\"The excavation reveals a unique structure of the Harappan period because it does not fall into the two usual categories of the period - a planned town or fortress,\" said Y S Rawat, director, state archaeology department. \"The structure is more related to what we call Sorath Harappan that has a strong local influence. Interestingly, the site shows a single cultural phase, meaning there have been no additions to the existing structure after it was built. In most Harappan sites, we see various layers of development but here it represents only one era.\"Rawat said that most of the Harappan sites are homogenous in nature as far as building material and style of construction are concerned \"The site here is different in many ways and we believe thatand further study can show the presence of other groups during Harappan times. that lived outside planned towns,\" he saidPrabodh Shirvalkar of Deccan College said,\"We believe that the site might have been an industrial hub during that period and the open area around the central structure might have been used for production,\" he said.\"We have found crucibles for copper smelting and copper rods from the site. One of rods has a golden tip. We are yet to determine for what purpose it was used.\" Shirvalkar said that the team has also found net-sinkers made of shells for fishing, indicating fishing activity at two nearby rivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569352", "title": "Vairamuthu inspires youngsters", "text": "Poetry by Vairamuthu inspire a bunch of youngsters to make a movie that is an online smash hit.They're all of 19 and already vying for the big screen. A team of students from different colleges have joined hands to create a short film, Yedhedho Ennam Valarthen (YEV) that have created quite a stir on an online streaming site. Drawing inspiration from Kaviperasu Vairamuthu's poems, Pranav Rajkumar the director and music composer for the movie says, \"I am actually a composer and that's where my heart lies but this concept came to me and I just had to try making it.\" Inspired by directors like Mani Ratnam, Gautham Vasudev Menon and Hollywood director Christopher Nolan (Of Inception and Memento fame) Pranav and his team made YEV over a span of 3 months. \"We had a lot of obstacles to jump. College, exams, parents and then cyclone Thane,\" grins Karthikeyan Velappan, the supporting actor in the movie.With excellent cinematography by Vedhanarayan and Sai Vignesh Krishnamoorthy and haunting music by Pranav, the short film's trailer alone has hit over 17,300 hits on Youtube . The film also premiered at AVM studios which saw a couple of the film industry's familiar faces at the event.\"We are overwhelmed by the response,\" smiles Pranav. \"Hopefully we can make more!\" The main cast comprises of Ramesh, Sumedha, Karthikeyyan and Rex. All of the characters have showcased a performance that will have you confused as to whether this is actually their first performance. Sumedha a student of National Institute of Fashion Technology, is the main actress who plays the role of Chandu is not fluent in Tamil and had her voice dubbed but the director is all praise for her. \"She had dedication. She would come even if we had late night shoots. She would never say no.\" says Pranav. \"She had exams the next day and she came for the shoot. That kind of dedication comes your way very rarely,\" smiles Pranav.The young guns talk about what challenged them the most. \"The rain scenes were perhaps the most challenging shots we had,\" explains Karthikeyyan Velappan. \"Vedha (the cinematographer) actually researched how techniques to shoot in the rain and then we implemented them. There is so much effort and dedication that has gone into this movie. We feel thrilled that our efforts are being appreciated,\" adds Karthikeyyan. The group explains how they had to have almost 3 umbrellas to support them for the shot. When Pranav, the director penned the scene he had imagined rain but did not expect to get a scene that was like that. \"But then we had the cyclone Thane and I woke up to a beautiful Chennai,\" says Pranav. \"We decided to immediately go and shoot the scenes.\" YEV is a heartwarming tale between 3 friends - Chandu, Ramesh and Karthik. Ramesh plays a very intense role with minimal emotions and expressions. \"We hadn't zeroed in on an actor to fit Ramesh's role,\" explains Pranav. \"In fact, he wasn't even part of the 3 people I had actually chosen for the role. He was in a lousy mood one day during the shoots and I could just see the character come alive with Ramesh,\" says Pranav. Quiz Rex, a fourth year student from Anna University plays a menacing older brother. The first part of the movie sees him in an oh so dramatic slo-mo walk. Quiz him about his negative character and he says, \"I had fun doing it. Everyone remembers the hero but they remember the villain even better,\" grins Rex, who is also a bassist for a local band in the city called Shruthilaya.What you perhaps will take from the movie is the haunting music composed by Pranav. \"I am originally a composer but now people say my direction is better,\" smiles Pranav who also has a band called Diksha. The music borders between a magical love story and the sweet innocence of young love. You'd probably still be humming it after watching the movie. Inspired by directors like Mani Ratnam and Gautham Vasudev Menon, these youngsters explain enthusiastically about different film making methods. \"Mani Ratnam's dialogue delivery, Gautham Menon's natural settings and Nolan's narration. That is what inspires us,\" says Pranav Rajkumar. \"Even Balachander for that matter, take his movies and you will see he's always ahead of times.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564968", "title": "I don\u2019t want any land that is illegal, says Subhash Ghai", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG)'s report slamming the Andhra Pradesh government for allotting land to Whistling Woods in alleged violation of rules hit headlines, filmmaker Subhash Ghai said he \"doesn't want any land that is illegal\".Ghai has already been allotted land on lease by the Andhra Pradesh government and has an outright land deal with the Haryana government, but the filmmaker is apprehensive about going ahead with the plans. \"These two deals are done, but if the government finds there are irregularities, it can take back the land.\"Ghai also met Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi who is keen on setting up a film school in the state. \"There are several offers from other states too, but I have learnt my lesson: never partner or deal with the government because it keeps changing its stand. New governments criticize the previous ones and people like us suffer in the bargain,\" said Ghai. \"Several private parties have also offered to partner with us in India as well as overseas.\"Students and faculty members of Whistling Woods International Ltd (WWIL) echo Ghai's views. Anjum Rajabli, a teacher at WWIL, said, \"The state government has once again proved that any original idea has no value in front of politics. It (the government) has not only allowed but aided and abetted grave loss to the film industry and stopped the progressive activities of WWIL, which is one of the best things to have happened to the film industry.\"Aditi Anand, an alumni, said, \"WWIL has given me so much in so little time. I specialize in production which is not offered by the Film and Television Institute of India.\"WWIL president Meghna Puri said, \"Singapore is not really a filmmaking nation, but it has given land on subsidized rates. In India, we are being made to pay the government for the efforts we put in to develop creative skills for the media industry.\"Meghna said the recent setbacks have only strengthened her resolve to see her father's (Subhash Ghai) vision materialize. \"You are not finished when you lose, you are finished when you quit. We are more determined than ever before.\"Meanwhile, 3,000 people have joined an online campaign in support of WWIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563415", "title": "Nashik industries association announces industrial awards", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) has invited applications from industrial workers and employees for the 'best worker' and the 'best HR manager' awards for the year 2012. The awards have been instituted by the HR committee of NIMA to build good relations between company managements and the workers.\"Cut-throat competition, speed, creation, quality and consumer satisfaction have become major factors today for the industries. Hence, the importance of Human Resource (HR) has increased in industrial establishments. So, it is necessary to felicitate employees who have contributed to the development of industries along with social and cultural activities,\" a NIMA official said.One of the objectives behind presenting the 'best worker' and 'best employee' awards is to encourage workers and employees to improve their performance. Workers are the major element of any industry and establishment, and the development of both happens in tandem, the official added.Awards will be given in two categories - large industry and small &amp; medium enterprises. The awards comprise cash, certificates and mementos.For the 'best worker' award, the registration fees for candidates from large-medium and small industries will be Rs 500 and Rs 200, respectively. For the 'best HR manager' award, the registration fees for candidates from large-medium and small industries will be Rs 750 and Rs 500, respectively. The last date for submitting applications will be April 10, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12571341", "title": "29 test positive for swine flu in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: Twenty-nine persons have so far tested positive for swine flu in Tamil Nadu but instances of the virus were not \"endemic but sporadic,\" Health and Family Welfare Minister Dr VS Vijay said today.Those who have tested positive mainly hail from the districts of Chennai, Coimbatore and Tirupur, he told reporters here.Assuring people that there was no need to panic, he said instances of the virus were \"not endemic but sporadic.\" Children and old persons with lesser resistance were more prone to swine flu, he said.A 75 year-old farmer from Tirupur district died due to swine flu last week. Twenty-six of his relatives have been administered with preventive vaccine, the minister said.\"None of the relatives of the victim has been affected by the virus,\" he said after inspecting facilities at Swine Flu special wards set up in state-run Communicable Diseases Hospital, Stanley Hospital and Rajiv Gandhi General Hospital.Tests of throat swabs were being done at government labs in King Institute, Chennai, and government medical college hospitals in Chennai, Madurai, Coimbatore and Tirunelveli besides 12 private laboratories, he said.Preventive vaccines are being administered to health workers and lab professionals as they were directly dealing with persons suspected to have contracted the virus, he said, adding, 25,000 doses of vaccine had been provided by the Centre.Government was taking various steps in this regard and had set up monitoring groups at entry points to the state, including the airport and railway stations, the minister said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569037", "title": "I have never sought political patronage: Subhash Ghai", "text": "Subhash Ghai hits fightback mode to keep Whistling Woods up and running, but swears to keep off the government this timeEmotions are running high at the Whistling Woods campus in Film City. Reeling under the blow of the Supreme Court verdict upholding the Bombay HC order quashing the 20 acre land allotted to his film school, the faculty, alumni and office bearers are in a huddle, carefully considering every legal option and argument possible to keep the institute up and running well beyond 2014, when they are supposed to give up the land.In a conference room, surrounded by his loyal team of teachers, students and marketing whiz kids, Ghai, is a far cry from the confident, ebullient filmmaker who always popped into his films wearing his signature hat. But seconds into the conversation, he makes it clear that he is not giving up, or giving in.The veteran filmmaker, who has been credited with creating some of the biggest stars and films of a certain era, believes he has been made a \"scapegoat,\" in this case of a new government trying to discredit the previous one. But ask him how can an institute of this nature and stature survive without political patronage, and he explodes. \"I have never sought political patronage. I have had requests from the government since the 90s to build an institute. Several CMs had approached me. But I was busy with some of my biggest films and did not have the money to invest,\" he clarifies.According to Ghai, it only was after he began considering an eightacre plot in Panvel that he received a call from the then Managing Director of Film City, Govind Swarup, requesting him to get into the now-contentious joint venture.Ghai's daughter Meghna regrets that they had not read the warning signs: \"Anyone who reads the agreement today will say we were fools. You build an institute with your money, on a land that does not belong to you, what happens when the government wants the land back?\"Ghai feels that he is being unfairly punished. \"We spent three years in research, Rs 20 crore to build this place, and incur high operational costs with cumulative losses amounting to Rs 40 crore. I made three or four films in 10 years to feed this institute in the hope that it will soon find its feet. I have spent 10 years of my life for these students. We want me to give it all up and walk away?\" he roars.Faculty member, scriptwriter Anjum Rajabali, adds that the timing of the verdict is rather unfortunate. \"For any such film academy there is a gestation period. We had just about reached the stage when the fraternity was recognising us as a pool of talent. If we have to walk away from this land, we will only have that credibility to bank on.\"Ghai insists that for Whistling Woods, it is only the postal address that may change after 2014. \"I have several offers from private and corporate entities. But until then, life goes on as usual.\"Whistling Woods will begin its next session in July for the two-year courses which will be completed on time at this campus. For the threeyear animation courses, alternative arrangements are being made.But a lot could happen before that, we are told. A meeting of the advisory board today will decide the immediate course of action. Meanwhile, filmmakers and producers, as a show of support have already written o the CM, emphasising on the significance of the institute for the fraternity.Whatever he does, Ghai swears he is not going to deal with the government again. \"One day you embrace us, treat us like Gods, next day you treat us like dogs,\" he shrugs, joins his hands and with sarcasm and hurt dripping from every word, adds, \"I love my India. Namashkar government.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12566012", "title": "Earth\u2019s orbit to blame for ancient hot spells?", "text": "WASHINGTON: Release of carbon compound methane trapped in marine sediments has been thought to have warmed the planet in the past . Now a new study has found that cycles in Earth's orbit could be blamed for those ancient heat waves that raised the surface temperature by 5\u00b0C.Based on chemical clues preserved in rocks, scientists have found that an intense heat wave that hit the Earth some 55 million years ago raised the temperature by 5\u00b0C.Theheatsubsided after a short time only to be followed by at least two similar but smaller heat waves.And the scientists believe this huge amount of greenhouse gas came from the melting of permafrost - frozen soil packed with organic matter - after cycles in the Earth's orbit warmed up the areas near the poles , Live Science reported . The melting released a massive amount of carbon into the atmosphere , keeping reflected sunlight from escaping and causing the heat wave , they said . Previously , scientists have theorized that the release of the carbon compound methane changed the atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hassan", "code": "12565719", "title": "Inspector didn\u2019t resign because of insult: SP", "text": "HASSAN: The alleged fight between a senior police inspector and probationary DySP, which apparently led to the resignation of the former, took a new turn with the Hassan SP terming the related reports \"baseless and far from truth\".A section of media had reported that Hemanth Kumar, inspector in Hassan DAR, resigned after being allegedly insulted by Kavitha, a probationary DySP, during a parade march-related meeting.When TOI contacted SP Amith Singh, he said: \"Hemanth Kumar has resigned because he wants to prepare for the upcoming KPSC exams.The differences between both of them were sorted out amicably.\" The SP also added that it was in fact the inspector who had scolded Kavitha.Speaking on Hemanth's resignation, Singh said it is a personal matter. He had resigned four times in the last two years, \"and it is not due to any insult\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564948", "title": "After handing out 'garib kalyan' dole, CM to meet rogjar mela beneficiaries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After distributing doles amounting crores of rupees at 'Garib Kalyan Melas', chief minister Narendra Modi is to hand out appointment letters to 65,000 youths who got employment in the last few months. The letters will be given in four different functions organized in Rajkot, Vadodara, Ahmedabad and Surat.These youths were given placement in about 500-odd camps organized all over the state. Talking to mediapersons, law and employment minister Vaju Vala said that these placements fairs called \"Swami Vivekananda Yuva Rojgar Mela\" were part of Swami Vivekananda 150th birth anniversary celebrations by his department.The minister said that the department had carried out the surveys in 184 industrial estates of Gujarat Industrial Development Corporation (GIDC) to identify opportunities youths and learn specific requirements of the industries. \"At the end of the survey, employment department was able to locate one lakh vacancies. These vacancies were then notified by state employment exchanges,\" said Vala.Based on this, 1.26 lakh youths were identified and were called for participation in the employment fairs. Vala said that 667 big units, 1,071 medium industries and 554 small-scale units took part in the 525 camps.Of the 1.26 lakh students identified, 76,843 were shortlisted and sent for interviews. Vala added that of these, 52,000 were given regular appointments and 13,000 were selected for apprenticeship. These youths will be given their appointment letters by Modi during the functions to be held between April 9 to April 13, the minister said.Maximum jobs have been offered in technical fields, followed by accountancy, clerical and others, director employment and training, Sonal Mishra said. The education qualification of these youths ranged from SSC to BE and BTech and 10-12 per cent of candidates were females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563437", "title": "\u2018Facts\u2019 emerge in Dwarka case, questions remain", "text": "NEW DELHI: The investigations into the Dwarka case are shrouded in secrecy. However, police sources have been speaking off the record, going by the spate of reports that have appeared over the past few days.For instance, the fact that there were no CCTV cameras in the house to monitor her activities as the girl had claimed earlier. Also, her claim that there were jars with markings to prevent her from eating which the cops apparently failed to find. Another interesting anonymous quote has been about the house keys being in the couple's car and the car keys being in the possession of the girl.Did she say she ate only rotis and salt? What about the empty packets of Maggi noodles and biscuits and remnants of eggs that are claimed to have been found in the apartment?Since there is no official briefing, one doesn't know about the veracity of the findings claimed by police sources. Friday's hearing in court didn't help to lift the fog. Many of these facts, if true, could lessen the gravity of the couple's act but nothing was mentioned in court. \"We have come to know about these facts but we have to verify them,\" said a source when questioned closely. \"It's possible that the victim may not have eaten and the empty packets may be lying there for some time. We will also check the call details of the couple to know about their claim (that they were in regular touch with the maid on phone),\" said a source.Earlier, the child who was produced before CWC and SDM had claimed that the house was under CCTV surveillance. \"There was food in the kitchen but while leaving for Bangkok they said that the ration has been marked. There is also a camera installed in the house. If anything falls short, we will beat you,\" said the child in her statement to the SDM.After the outcry over the rescue of the child, police scrambled to locate the couple, which led to the issuing of look out notices but, sources say, the couple managed to land in the country unnoticed on March 30. The sources added it was on same evening, six hours after the couple had landed unknown to the cops, that an FIR was finally registered. This came after CWC orders. Cops were then deployed at the airport and their residence.However, as the couple's whereabouts remained unknown, cops eventually informed the Foreigner Regional Registration Office ( FRRO) on March 31 and issued a look out notice on April 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "12574012", "title": "Villagers stop mining at Chasnala", "text": "SINDRI: Agitated over cracks appearing in houses due to heavy blasts, villagers of Kandra have stopped mining in the western quarry of Chasnala colliery on Saturday evening.Dozens of villagers lodged their protest against heavy blasting vociferously before the colliery management and the outsourced company, and demanded the intensity of the blasts be lowered for the safety of the villagers. They alleged that despite repeated requests, the outsourcing firm engaged for developing the western quarry and mining coal from the open cast mine was indulging in heavy blasting. As a result, cracks have developed in houses of Sinod Mahto, Ranjit Mahto, Mithu Mahto, Kalyani Chakraborty, Anand Mahto, Satyavan Mahto and among others. They threatened to stop mining activities indefinitely if the colliery management did not mend their ways.Colliery manager Binod Rajak assured the villagers to arrange for talks with the general manager for a permanent solution on Monday, and requested the villagers to complete the day's work. \"Blasting will remain suspended on Sunday and Monday,\" he said.Gaushala OC Rajdeo Sharma requested the management to compensate for the losses caused to the villagers due to blasting and asked them to submit written applications for pursuing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "12571016", "title": "Hafiz Saeed not to be focus of talks with Manmohan Singh: Asif Ali Zardari", "text": "ISLAMABAD: President Asif Ali Zardari will invite Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to visit Pakistan by the end of this year during his meeting in New Delhi on Sunday.This was stated by Pakistan Foreign Office spokesman Abdul Basit on the eve of Zardari's day-long visit to India during which he will hold talks with Singh at the PM's Race Course Road residence which will be followed by lunch.\"President Zardari will invite Prime Minister Singh to visit Pakistan by the end of this year,\" Basit said.President Asif Ali Zardari said he doesn't expect the issue of JuD chief Hafiz Saeed to be the focus of his meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh.While the Pakistani leadership has extended the invitation to Prime Minister earlier, this would be first time that a time-frame has been proposed for the summit meeting.On his part, Singh has accepted the invitation earlier but has made it clear that he would undertake the visit only if there is likelihood of a substantive outcome.Singh had reiterated this on his way back from the Nuclear Security Summit in Seoul last month when he told reporters that he would visit Pakistan provided there is \"something to celebrate\".Describing Zardari's visit to India as \"important\", Basit, however, said that there was \"no agenda\", though the two leaders are expected to discuss all bilateral issues and the regional situation.\"As far as the talks are concerned, there is no agenda and it is not a structured dialogue,\" he said, adding \"But when the two leaders meet, bilateral issues between Pakistan and India and the regional situation will be discussed.\"Zardari will be the first Pakistani head of state to visit India since 2005, when the then military ruler, Pervez Musharraf , had travelled to New Delhi for talks with the Indian leadership.Pakistan has billed Zardari's trip as a \"private visit\" aimed at fulfilling a long-standing desire to offer prayers at the famous 13th century Sufi shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti at Ajmer in Rajasthan.Zardari has visited the shrine in the past with his slain wife, former premier Benazir Bhutto .The president would be accompanied by his 23-year-old son Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , the nominal chief of the ruling Pakistan People's Party, besides others.There was no official word on the composition of the delegation that will accompany the president, though officials said it would be small.Basit said he had no information on whether Bilawal would meet Rahul Gandhi.\"I have no knowledge of a meeting between Bilawal and Rahul Gandhi as this is a brief visit.\"The stopover in New Delhi will be brief as the real objective is to go to Ajmer,\" he said.Basit underlined that \"The basic objective of the President's visit is to pay obeisance at the shrine of Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti at Ajmer Sharif.\"He acknowledged that the visit was \"important\" as the two countries were currently engaged in the second round of the dialogue process that began last year after a gap of over two years in the wake of the 2008 Mumbai attacks, carried out by Pakistan-based Lashkar-e-Taiba .\"We expect this round (of the dialogue) to be completed in June-July. After that, the Indian foreign minister is to visit Pakistan to review the process,\" Basit said.The visit is also important because Pakistan expects it will \"help translate the president's vision of regional cooperation and connectivity\" into reality, he added.India and Pakistan have taken some steps to normalise relations since they resumed their peace process last year, especially in the field of trade.Pakistan recently switched over to a negative list regime for trade, paving the way for giving India Most Favoured Nation-status by the beginning of next year.The two sides plan to boost trade from the current level of two billion dollars a year to six billion dollars by 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564671", "title": "Professor \u2018enables\u2019 quadriplegic IIM-A graduate", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Imagine spending 13 long years unable to move a finger, dependent on your family for all your daily needs. That was the life of 1993 batch alumnus of Indian Institute of Management - Ahmedabad (IIMA) Suresh Karat. But, not anymore. Suresh is now enjoying a new sense of liberation.Today, he can surf the internet and also interact with his teenage son. Thanks to an innovation from Dhirubhai Ambani Institute of Information and Communication Technology (DAIICT), Karat is now able to use a computer to type and express his feelings just by moving his head and blinking his eyes. IIM-A alumni rallied behind Suresh and funded the innovation.With this financial aid, DAIICT professor Prabhat Ranjan prepared a 'brain-computer-interface' which has enabled Karat to surf the internet and type his thoughts through head movements and blinking of eyes. A resident of Coimbatore, Suresh was 32 when he suffered a brain stem stroke in 1999 that left him a quadriplegic without speech.\"The device uses an imported neurohead-set originally used for playing videogames. The neuro-head-set recognizes facial expressions, head movements and brain waves. We integrated this device to the computer in such a way that that the user can use it to control the computer,\" said Ranjan, who is also a scientist working with Isro in the project for finding water on moon.The device enables Karat to move the cursor on the computer screen with the movement of his head. After bringing the cursor over the desired key on a keyboard displayed on the screen, he can blink his eye to click the key. Ranjan has also developed another device called 'Brain-CePal' through which the user of neuro-head-set can control fans, lights, television and so on.After his paralysis, Karat started a blog called 'I do' in 2009. Karat, who then used to write with the help of his wife posted - 'If someone asked me whether I have a life after suffering a brain stem stroke, I will reply 'I do'.\" With the new device, many people like Karat will now be able to say 'I do'.The project of developing the brain-computer-interface began in late 2011 when Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad (IIM-A) graduate and author of 'Stay Hungry Stay Foolish', Rashmi Bansal , met DAIICT professor Prabhat Ranjan. Bansal suggested that he help Suresh Karat, the IIM-A graduate from 1993 batch, who had been paralyzed for around 13 years.While Ranjan had done research and development as a voluntary service, the costs for the hardware components of the device were borne by a group of IIM-A alumnus, who formed a trust to help Karat.\"The imported neuro-headset costs a little more than Rs 20,000. The other device, which controls electric lights, fans, televisions, air-conditions and such other items also cost a couple of thousand rupees more. Both devices together are quite affordable for many paralysis people in the country so that they can become more independent and even employable,\" said Ranjan. He added, \"There are many software engineers who have become paralyzed after accidents. They can now operate computers and start working in various ways.\"In fact, Ranjan is working towards developing various applications for the neuro-headset towards helping the differently-abled people and small children. The scientist is now working on using the device to identify the different learning abilities among small children.\"Every child has an aptitude and ability. Unable to identify them tends to create an impression that they are weak in studies. We are now developing a system to capture their brain waves and identify their abilities. This will help in guiding them towards the right career and even enhancing their performance in general education,\" said Ranjan.Since the past few years, students of DAIICT and Ranjan had been working on developing a remote control without buttons for cerebral palsy patients who cannot move their fingers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565901", "title": "Shelter homes in state short of staff, facilities", "text": "LUCKNOW: The rape of three girls in government orphanage in Allahabad has not only exposed the laxity of the officials, but also the poor state of shelter homes run by the state government. There are five shelter homes for children below 10 years in the state. All the homes are overburdened and lack the required number of hands and facilities. The state government had signed memorandum of understanding with the Centre in March last year for implementation of the Integrated Child Protection Scheme (ICPS) to improve conditions and services of the protection homes for children in distress and correction centres for children in conflict with the law. The budgetary allocations were also made, but the scheme has not been implemented in totality as yet.The purpose of the ICPS was to bring all child welfare schemes under one umbrella as provided in the Juvenile Justice Act 2006. The expenses in implementation of the scheme are to be shared in the ratio of 3:1 between the Centre and state. An important part of the ICPS is that civil society will be engaged in its implementation and government will play the role of a facilitator and a supervisory body. It provided for creation of a mechanism in every district of the state to protect the children in distress such as street children, orphans and abandoned babies. After MoU, the state government formed juvenile justice boards and child welfare committees in every district. However, these bodies are still waiting for required infrastructure and staff. The ICPS also provided for creation of special units in every child protection home for children with disabilities. It required appointment of expert staff. The shelter homes also need more care takers for normal babies. \"We need more hands as well as more shelter homes,\" admitted an officer.Bihari Swarup, director women and child welfare, said that department has got approval for appointment of staff on contractual basis and the process will start soon. He said, \"The required infrastructure is also being provided to the various bodies created for child welfare.\" He also welcomed the idea of installing close circuit televisions in the homes to keep a watch on the happenings. Anshumali Sharma, member, child welfare committee, Lucknow, also supported installation of CCTVs. Besides five shelter homes for children under ten years of age, at present there are 12 homes for boys (above 10 years) and six for girls. Seventeen observation homes are there for male juveniles and five for girls. The total sanctioned strength of all these homes is around 3,525. All are jam-packed.ICPS target children found without any home, those vulnerable to abuse, destitute, HIV+ orphans, disabled orphans, child labourers, children suffering from terminal diseases, victims of trafficking, children who alleged to have committed an offence among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12563597", "title": "Is a fish threatening aquatic life in Sursagar?", "text": "VADODARA: Besides pollution, is a particular fish species responsible for ending aquatic life in Sursagar? Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) has sought advice on Thai Magur or African cat fish in Sursagar, whose breeding and sale is banned by central government.The issue of fish breeding in large numbers in Sursagar was brought to the notice of the civic body recently. After ascertaining that the fish existed in the pond in the heart of the city, VMC contacted experts at the fisheries department to suggest a way to deal with the menace.Several fishermen had taken to breeding the fish as it did not need good quality water and survived on other fish as well as waste disposed of in the ponds. But a major drawback is it is a threat to other aquatic life in water bodies. It consumes both live and dead aquatic animals.Another concern for the civic body are reports that the fish burrows into embankments of ponds to stay there. Officials said that if this was the case, it would weaken the embankments of the pond that are already in a bad condition at some places. However, the officials are still verifying this.Officials said that they might consider removing the fish from the pond if the fisheries experts suggest this. Many are even blaming the fish for the disappearance of turtles in Sursagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564990", "title": "Short-circuit due to blazing heat sparks two fire accidents", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) received two calls from Parimal Garden and Rakhial on Friday. In the second incident, three persons received heat injuries, said investigators.AFES officials said, the first incident was reported from World Business House opposite Parimal Garden where electric wiring had caught fire due to short-circuit in the afternoon. The electric board was situated near branch of IndusInd Bank and emission of smoke created panic in the area.\"It was an electric fire and burning of wiring caused much of the damage in the building's basement. Two offices' electric wiring and equipments including computers and storage device were destroyed,\" said an AFES official.The second incident took place in a unit near vegetable market in Rakhial at 2.15 pm. The fire started after the wiring heated up due to constant work of the machinery and burnt the wooden paneling. Three workers received burn injuries and were rushed to Shardaben Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nawashahr", "code": "12564073", "title": "Toll plaza firing death: Cops give themselves a clean chit", "text": "NAWASHAHR: Even as the magisterial inquiry into firing on a Tata Safari vehicle, near Behram Toll Plaza, in Nawashahr district in July last year, is yet to be completed, the local police have given themselves a clean chit. One person was killed and two others as well as a child were injured in the incident.The reply submitted by Fatehgarh Sahib SSP to Punjab State Human Rights Commission (PSHRC) - which is also conducting a probe - has statements of three kin of the deceased, Gurtej Singh, to \"prove\" that Amloh police was innocent and the \"mishap\" happened \"incidentally\" and \"due to misunderstanding\". The SSP has written to PSHRC asking it to wind up the probe.In all the three statements apparently signed by Gurtej's father Yuvraj Singh, his mother Amarjit Kaur (both were injured in the firing) and his brother Arundeep Singh, it has been said ''the incident occurred due to misunderstanding and no police personnel of Amloh is responsible for it. I or my family members don't want any action in the matter. I am recording this statement without any duress and in a fully conscious state\".After the firing, Amloh police had lodged a FIR against Gurtej, his father Yuvraj and others travelling in the Tata Safari vehicle under Section 307 of IPC and Arms Act, claiming that someone opened fire from the vehicle and the police only retaliated after Gurtej, who was behind the wheel, tried to run over the policemen.Gurtej's around one-year-old niece Seerat was also injured in the firing.Nawashahr deputy commissioner Shruti Singh had asked then SDM Nawashahr to hold an inquiry, but it could not be completed as he was transferred and elections began. The investigation is now being done by Nawashahr ADC Dr Amrit Pal Singh. The latter said that the seized CCTV footage of the toll plaza would be examined during the probe.Fatehgarh Sahib SSP B L Meena said that the incident happened before his tenure and he could not comment off hand.PSHRC had written to Fatehgarh Sahib police, seeking its comments, after it received a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12565673", "title": "Power tariff hike is inevitable: Hescom", "text": "DHARWAD: The Hubli Electricity Supply Company (Hescom) proposed to hike the power tariff by 73 paise per unit at the public petition hearing conducted by Karnataka Electricity Regulatory Commission (KERC) here on Thursday.Proposing the hike, Hescom managing director Pankaj Kumar Pandey said the power tariff hike had been necessitated due to the revenue deficit as a result of the mismatch between revenue receipts from the existing tariff and annual revenue requirement of Hescom.Even with financial support from the government, there would be a revenue deficit of Rs 196.67crore in the 2012 fiscal for Hescom. A revenue deficit for 2011 fiscal works out to be Rs 64.71crore as per accounts and Rs 49.99crore deficit is expected in the 2013 fiscal. Thus, the total revenue deficit would be Rs 311.37crore. \"Hence, the revision in tariff is very essential. Hescom plans to recover Rs 311.37crore for 2013 from the proposed revision of the tariff,\" Pandey said.Hescom had outstanding arrears of Rs 1,488.63crore as on March 31, 2011. It introduced the interest waiver schemes for Bhagya Jyothi and Kuteera Jyothi consumers, and allowed payment in installments and arranged for consumer education programmes. Disconnection squads were formed and special emphasis was given for collection of arrears which were long overdue.Hescom could collect Rs 39.63lakh between April 2011 and February 2012. Similarly, Hescom plans to bring distribution losses from 19.85% in 2011 to 18% in 2013.The power body introduced the Nirantara Tyothi Yojna on a pilot basis to ensure 24 hours power supply in three taluks, including Savanur, Bailhongal and Shiggaon. In addition, 20 taluks would be covered under NJY in the first phase and another 14 taluks in the second phase. \"A total number of 3,768 villages would be covered in the first and second phase at the cost of Rs 507.34 lakh. The works were expected to be complete by October this year,\" Pandey said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563368", "title": "BHEL announced Rs 1,000K cr investment at Bhandara", "text": "NAGPUR: Soon after Bharat Dynamics Limited (BDL) announced its defence hardware unit at Amravati, engineering PSU Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited (BHEL) has also spoken of plans to acquire 300 acres in Bhandara district for a new plant. BHEL is one of biggest power plant equipment suppliers in the country.In an expansion mode, the BHEL unit at Bhandara will manufacture structural fabrication units - a key component in a power plant boiler. The plant is expected to entail an investment of Rs 1,000 crore.BHEL's head of power sector in western region KS Mathur said the process has already begun, though no time frame can be cited since the project is in a preliminary stage. Sources in the company said the land has already been identified near Sakoli, a tehsil place in the district.BHEL comes under the ministry of heavy industries, presently headed by Praful Patel , Member of Parliament from Bhandara-Gondia. Patel is keen to get some investment in his constituency, which is one of the factors for BHEL having chosen Bhandara as the site.Currently, structural fabrication units are made at BHEL's plant at Tiruchirapalli in Tamil Nadu. The work will be shifted to Bhandara and the capacity at Tiruchirapalli will be utilized for some other purpose, BHEL officials said.A request has already been put up before the district collectorate and Maharashtra Industries Development Corporation (MIDC), to acquire land for BHEL. A chunk of the area is private farmland. The mode of acquisition, whether through compulsory take over or negotiations, has not been decided yet, said a source in the state government.The BHEL plans have enthused local industries, who expect the unit to provide a boost to ancillaries. President of Butibori Manufacturers Association (BMA) Hemant Ambaselkar says this will provide an opportunity to local units, as many of them take up assignments from the power sector.Although Nagpur would have been the ideal choice, due to the Butibori industrial estate coming up here, Bhandara too is of logistical advantage to the company as its clients are spread all over the country.Former president of Vidarbha Industries Association Pravin Tapadia sees this as an opportunity for the local industrialists to get exposure to the latest technology used by this PSU.Regarding projections for current fiscal, Mathur said BHEL plans to install equipment equivalent to generation capacity of 5,000MW in the western region. BHEL, which is setting up a major part of NTPC's power plant at Mouda, expects to commission the first unit of 500MW by the end of this month, he said. The second one of similar capacity will come up during the year.The other projects include Indiabulls' plants at Amravati and Nashik as well as those of Mahagenco at Bhusawal and Chandrapur. The company has also bagged an order from Nagpur-based Abhijeet Group for setting up a captive power plant in Vishakapatanam.BHEL is eyeing turnover of Rs 2,000 crore from the western region during the current fiscal, a hike of 30% from the previous year, with a chunk of it coming from Maharashtra. With a number of power plants coming up in Vidarbha, the company sees it as a lucrative market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564026", "title": "Haryana sleeps over workers' welfare cess fund", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Due to non-formation of welfare schemes for construction workers, cess fund amounting Rs 376.98 crore collected from government and public sector undertakings for the welfare of building workers has remained unutilized in Haryana, claimed a comptroller and auditor general report.During 2007-11 (up to February 2011), Haryana Building and Other Construction Workers Welfare Board received Rs 383.7 crore direct from government departments and public sector undertaking as cess fund, out of which only Rs 5.62 crore was utilized on welfare schemes during the above period. The balance amount of Rs 376.98 crore, besides interest of Rs 17.24 crore earned on bank deposits during 2007-10, was lying unutilized in banks, mentioned the report. It further maintained, \"Thus, the objective of levying cess for regulating the employment and service conditions of building and other construction workers was not achieved.\"According to the report, in Ambala, Kurukshetra, Panchkula and Yamunanagar districts, the (data about) actual number of building and other construction workers working was not available. The report commented that the welfare board had not conducted any survey even after the lapse of a period of four years since the implementation of the scheme. In these districts, only two welfare schemes (kanyadan and death benefits) out of 19 were being implemented. In Gurgaon, Ambala, Faridabad, Hisar and Panipat, only four welfare schemes (creche, mobile toilets, mobile dispensary vans and death and funeral scheme) out of 19 were being implemented. Out of more than 33,000 workers, only about 50% were registered during four years in these districts. Registration is mandatory for workers to get benefits.On this being pointed out, the state financial commissioner and principal secretary (labour and employment) intimated the CAG in August 2011 that in order to give a push to schemes, non-government organizations were to be engaged to create awareness among workers and get them registered. \"Welfare board was organizing seminars and workshops, putting hoardings or banners at important places, besides broadcasting of radio jingles. However, the beneficiaries were not coming forward as most of the workers engaged in construction activities were from other states who usually went back to their native places after completion of projects,\" he said. He further stated that more than 25,00 beneficiaries were given benefit under different welfare schemes.But the CAG commented, \"The reply indicated that there was no proper mechanism for spending the cess fund on welfare schemes. The board could not formulate the modalities for implementing the approved welfare schemes during four years, as a result of which the objectives of carrying out welfare schemes for workers could not be achieved.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12564431", "title": "One in four births aided by untrained midwives in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Less than two in 10 women in India received medical attention by a qualified professional in 2010 while delivering at home. Contrary to popular belief, fewer women in urban India received medical attention while delivering at home than rural India - 10.8% against 16.2%. Nearly 1 in 4 births overall were attended by \"untrained functionaries\" - varying from as high as 53.5% in Jharkhand to as low as 0.2% in Kerala.According to the Registrar General of India's latest Sample Registration System (SRS) 2010 data, more women - almost double, delivered in government hospitals - 41% as against private hospitals (19.4%). Kerala recorded the highest deliveries in private hospitals while Odisha recorded the least. Tamil Nadu recorded the highest number of women who delivered in a government hospital while Jharkhand recorded the least - 19%.In Delhi for example, more than half - 55% -- delivered in government hospitals while 23% went to a private hospital. Nearly 17% of births at home were carried out by a qualified professional.More women in Maharashtra trust a government hospital with nearly half of deliveries in the state taking place there. However even then, 37% women delivered in private hospitals.When it came to delivery conducted by a qualified professional at home, it was as low as 4.5% in Maharashtra. Untrained functionary deliveries were as high as 47% in Bihar, 35% in UP, 25% in West Bengal and 27% in Madhya Pradesh.Institutional deliveries - children being born in health centres or hospitals and not in their homes -- have picked up in India. The SRS note exclusively available with TOI says, \"More than three-fourths of deliveries are occurring in institutional and by qualified professionals right now in India.\"The good news is that several states recorded very low births by untrained functionaries. They include Kerala at 0.2%, Tamil Nadu 0.9%, Andhra Pradesh 1%, Punjab 2.6%, Delhi 5.3%, Gujarat 8.8%, Haryana 6.3% and Karnataka 9.3%.In case you think deliveries in a private hospital is a strictly urban phenomenon, think again. Interestingly, rural regions in several states recorded high rates of delivery in private hospitals. Take for example Kerala where 52% of births in rural settings took place in a private hospital followed by 35% in Andhra Pradesh, 23% in Delhi, 36% in Gujarat, 32% in Haryana, 20% in Karnataka, 36% in Maharashtra, 35% in Punjab and 24% in Tamil Nadu.The Union health ministry recently said around 60 lakh more children were born in the safe confines of a health care centre in 2010-11 compared to that in 2005-06. According to their records, India saw 108.40 lakh institutional deliveries in 2005 with the number steadily increasing.Experts say one main reason is the Janani Suraksha Yojana (JSY) which was launched in April 2005 in order to reduce India's shamefully high maternal and infant mortality. JSY promoted institutional delivery among pregnant women by providing cash assistance. From 7.39 lakh pregnant women as beneficiaries in 2005-06, JSY achieved a phenomenal success by providing cash assistance to nearly 113 lakh pregnant women in 2010-11.The ministry also launched the Janani Shishu Suraksha Karyakaram (JSSK) in 2011. The initiative entitles all pregnant women, delivering in public health institutions, to absolutely free delivery including caesarean section. A pregnant woman would be entitled to free transport from home to the government health facility, between the facilities in case she is referred on account of complications and also drop back home after delivery.The entitlements include free drugs and consumables, free diagnostics, free blood wherever required and free diet during the woman's stay in the facility. This initiative is estimated will benefit more than one crore pregnant women every year in both urban and rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12557599", "title": "I believe in love and have faith in it: Shahid", "text": "Shahid Kapoor , who will be next seen in Kunal Kohli's love saga 'Teri Meri Kahani' has been linked to numerous Bollywood actresses including his co-star Priyanka Chopra , after his break-up with Kareena Kapoor.But the actor feels that it is difficult to find a love story in real life. \"Obviously I believe in love and have faith in it. I think love is the most beautiful thing in the world..it makes the world go round. I think everybody is eventually looking for love..but it is difficult to find one complete love story in real,\" Shahid told reporters.\"Through this film may be this is our way of escaping from reality and trying to show three different love stories and believing in romance. I think the most exciting thing in this movie is that there are three different love stories in it spread across three different generations. It is exciting to see how the journey of two lovers unfolds in three time spans - 1910, 1960 and 2012,\" he said.The 31-year-old star was dating Kareena when they started filming for Ken Ghosh's 2004 film Fida . They were going steady until they separated during the making of Jab We Met in 2007.Another strong buzz was about his alleged relationship with Priyanka Chopra. They met on the sets of Vishal Bhardwaj's Kaminey and had hit it off instantly. Their sizzling chemistry on reel was quite opposite to their on-an-off relationship, which seemed volatile.Shahid was also linked to Vidya Balan during Kismet Connection . Whether this hook-up was for real or just a gimmick is not yet known. This was followed by alleged affairs with tennis sensation Sania Mirza Bipasha Basu , Anushka Sharma and the latest being Nargis Fakhri of Rockstar fame.The only relationship that Shahid was quite open about was with Kareena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12564021", "title": "Margao Municipal Council gets four new trucks for civic maintenance works", "text": "MARGAO: Four trucks purchased by the Margao Municipal Council (MMC) arrived on Friday and are expected to be inaugurated after the new MMC chairperson is elected. \"The MMC already owns two such trucks and these four new trucks will be used for civic maintenance works,\" said MMC's junior engineer Rohit Dessai. The trucks were purchased when the ex MMC chairperson Sushila Naik was in office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12566029", "title": "Spare a thought for the elderly", "text": "My writing this column in the Times of India for a while now is the only reason why I have been asked on two different occasions now to give a non-mathematical talk, first by a corporate house and more recently by a local chapter of the Rotary Club . It is very satisfying to know that there are people who read my column, like what they read and what is more, even want me to further publicize the issues addressed in my column. I shall more or less reproduce the talk that I gave the Rotarians.Not long ago, my daughter who has the advantage of belonging to the facebook generation sweetly offered to start a blog on my account at http:// differentstrokesvss .blogspot.com/ as a convenient place to collate all my pieces appearing in this column, along with anything else that that I may have written which addresses the issues of inclusivity in society, as well as to give people a chance to post their responses if they wished to do so. She knew what she was doing; I soon received the following eminently sensible response in the blog from one of the more faithful of readers of the blog: (And this wasn't the first reader of this column to have made similar observations.)Although you have so far focused on the problems faced by people with certain specific disabilities, age itself is in one sense a disability that many of us will face one day. Unless the attitudes of our planners and administrators change drastically, the aged in India will find themselves confined to very tiny pockets of their respective towns and cities. You are therefore writing &amp; speaking on issues which may concern a few even during their prime, but will in all probability affect every one of us in course of time.Just the other day, I had gone to Krishna Gana Sabha in T Nagar in Chennai, which is a very chic far cry from the thatched roof pandal with bucket cane-chairs it used to be in 'the good old days' . In the middle of the performance, I needed to find a toilet. (The increased frequency with which one needs to do so is also an offshoot of aging.) Of course there are lots of steps everywhere so you can't use a wheel-chair even if you wanted to. After I had hobbled what seemed to be very, very far for my screaming limbs, I found a not very hygienic place, with more steps of course! After doing what I had come for, I started the long walk back feeling sorry for myself - like many of our star batsmen must have repeatedly felt during their extended recent nightmare in Australia.Like them, I had the comfort of another aged comrade walking the same path and suffering the same pain, and this seventy-plus lady looked at me labouring with my cane and said commiseratingly, \"These sort of distances are such a problem only for people like us.\" But as the above reader observes: Sooner or later, everybody is going to be a 'person like us' .As per the city traffic police, one out of five pedestrians killed in road accidents registered in the city last year was an elderly person and 80% of them were pedestrians.According to a report by the chairman, Transport Advisory Forum, Chennai: An elderly woman died on the spot after being knocked down by a bus near Vadapalani . It is a story repeated in every city in India. These accidents show that pedestrians, especially the elderly, are extremely vulnerable. Pedestrians account for about 50% of all persons killed and about 45% of persons injured in road accidents in our cities. The elderly constitute 30&amp;% to 40% of those killed or injured in these accidents. Elderly pedestrians walk in extremely unsafe and hostile conditions, are in constant conflict with motorized traffic and, hence, easy victims of accidents in India.(I can't resist the urge to say 'I told you so': one of my early articles to appear in this column lamented the almost impossibility of crossing roads today, especially multi-lane speedways such as OMR, with the possibilities for crossing them being few and far between.)According to a recent newspaper report: Transport experts have welcomed the idea to introduce foot overbridge with escalators, but not without warning. \"It will be very helpful to senior citizens and the differently-abled , who are otherwise at the mercy of motorists. The government should ensure proper maintenance of these structures , or else they will meet the same fate as the escalators at MRTS stations, that are idle without maintenance,\" said KP Subramanian, former professor, urban engineering division, Anna University.If the traffc authorities cannot help save our elders on our roads, what sort of a reflection is that of the Tamil saying (by Avvaiyar) from antiquity: Annaiyum Pitavum Munnari Deivam (One's mother and father are the first gods one encounters!).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563354", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation launches 284 water tankers", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has pressed into service 284 water tankers which will cater to residential areas that have no water network. Hundreds of unauthorized layouts have cropped up in the city, mainly in the outskirts, a majority of them being in East, North and South Nagpur.Each water tanker has been assigned a specified area of operation. The number of trips will increase with the demand. The highest number of water tankers - 99 - is engaged in Ashi Nagar Zone. It is followed by 95 in Nehru Nagar Zone and 35 in Lakadganj Zone. 12 tankers each have been pressed into service in Dharampeth Zone and Hanuman Nagar Zone, 10 in Satranjipura Zone, 8 in Mangalwari Zone, 4 in Laxmi Nagar Zone and 3 in Gandhibagh Zone.The Orange City Water Limited (OWCL), which has taken over the water supply since November 2011, has launched a customer helpline (18002669899) for water problems.With the level of water going down in Kanhan river, the NMC has requested the Water Resources Department (WRD) to release the water into the river. Some areas in East, North and South are supplied water from the Kanhan water treatment plant.An NMC official said that water level in the river has started to decrease and could trigger a water shortage. \"We have written to WRD asking it to release 50 MLD water into Kanhan river from Totladoh reservoir from Saturday. However, it might do from Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12565165", "title": "Court orders CBI to reinvestigate 11 yr-old case", "text": "JAISALMER: The Jodhpur bench of Rajasthan High Court has directed the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) to reopen the Harish murder case in Jaisalmer and submit its report in three months. On January 18, 2001, a person named Harish was brutally murdered and his body was packed in a gunny bag and thrown in Gadisar Lake. Police, CID (CB) and later CBI failed to solve the case. Later CBI in 2006 put final report (FR) in this case.Harish's father Samtaram Prajpat had filed a petition in the high court to reinvestigate this case. The petitioner's advocate LD Khatri said that the court hearing the petition has ordered CBI to reopen and reinvestigate this case and has directed the agency to submit its report in three months.Khatri said that CBI in 2006 had put FR in this case and submitted it then to additional chief judicial magistrate (ACIM-CBI affairs) court for approval. The judge on October 4, 2007 gave his approval. The applicant challenging this FR filed a petition in high court to reinvestigate this case, on which judge Sandeep Mehta has directed CBI to reinvestigate this case.On the night of January 18, 2002 some people murdered Harish behind Gadisar Lake, tied his body in a gunny bag and threw it in the lake. According to some a love affair was said to be the reason behind the murder. When the body was recovered, Harish was wearing a ring on which 786, a star and a moon was engraved. CBI that time had announced a prize on one Kundan Singh. However, nothing came out during the inquiry. It is said that the murderers called up Harish from a PCO to come to Gadisar Lake, where he was murdered.A broken liquor bottle, empty packets of cigarette, pieces of meat and other things were found at the spot. CBI and police had questioned over 18 people then but nothing could be found out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565880", "title": "Lorry runs over kid riding cycle", "text": "MUMBAI: A 10-year-old boy, Prashant Zaidi, was crushed to death by a lorry in Pydhonie's Dana Bunder. The incident occurred while he was riding a bicycle near his home around 4.30pm on Thursday.The lorry driver, Vijay Yadav was headed for P D'Mello Road. The police said the accident took place when Yadav took a left turn and the boy came under the rear wheels of his lorry.The boy was taken to J J Hospital where he was declared dead. Yadav was taken into custody and later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12565119", "title": "Air Force surveys aerial route ahead of Zardari's visit", "text": "AJMER: With the visit of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari slated on Sunday, the Air Force inspected the air route from Jaipur to Jodhpur on Friday. Officials from the Pakistan High Commission also reached Ajmer and they are keeping a watch on the arrangements for Zardari's visit. A special crew from the Union home department along with state officials will survey the dargah region and the security arrangements at the shrine.For the administration, it will be a tough task to vacate the dargah within two to three hours as there is a namaz there on Sunday afternoon. Officials are discussing ways with the Anjuman committee to get the dargah premises vacated for the visit of Pakistan president. \"There will be huge rush for the Johar ki namaz which will end at about 2 in the afternoon on Sunday. Our objective is that we make vacate the premises at noon to re-check the security,\" an official said. He emphasized that if the work on vacating the dargah premises start at about 2 in afternoon then the process have to be expedited. \"We have asked the administration to open the dargah again at about 5 in evening for the 'ajan of namaz'. We do not want the devotees miss that namaz,\" a khadim of the Anjuman committee said.As part of the security arrangements, sealing of cupboards and rooms was started on Friday after checking them thoroughly by personnel of the special squad of Central Intelligence Bureau on the dargah premises. Officials of the Pakistan High Commission have also reached Ajmer and are looking after the arrangements here.\"Sixteen officials from Pakistan intelligence agencies are screening the security arrangement for their president,\" an official said, adding, \"The main security for Zardari will be in the hands of Pakistan officials and Abdul Zabari is the in-charge for the security of for the president but there will be a joint protection team at work.\"\"Indian commandos from Delhi will provide extra cover. Local police will only be there to provide support and have responsibility of the outer security circle\" the official said.Meanwhile, two Air Force helicopters took off from Jodhpur to check the air route from Jaipur to Ghughra helipad. They checked the signals and the path of the helicopter which with take the Paksitan president to Ajmer.For the first time, a state-level control room was opened on Friday at the district headquarters here and IB officials from the Jaipur zone took over the charge of issuing passes to the dargah. \"The control room will issue passes on Sunday to flower buyers, sweepers, fourth grade employees of the dargah committee, khadims and police officials who have to be on duty during Zardari's visit,\" an official said.Sources said officials from the Pakistan High Commission are also checking people to whom these passes are issued and give instructions on the process. These officials are also talking to local police and other officials about the surrounding and the security arrangements.Dargah will turn into fortressAjmer: There will be heavy security guards on every inch of the dargah surroundings. Armed personnel of Rajasthan police will take positions on the roofs all the way from Ghughra to main gate of the dargah. Personnel will even be deputed on all houses surrounding the dargah. No window towards the dargah will be allowed to remain open on Sunday afternoon and no shop will be allowed to remain open on the way from Ghughra to dargah and police will divert all routes in the city so that no one will disturb the cavalcade of the Pakistan president.Special squad started scanning areas in the dargah and found dozen of cupboards in which khadims keep their things. \"We are sealing them after checking thoroughly so that they will not be in use till Sunday,\" an official said. CCTV cameras installed in and around the dargah premises start functioning and the control room is taken over by the special forces coming from New Delhi. \"Officials of the Pakistan High Commission are also checking the system and they will continue doing so till Sunday morning to keep a watch on things,\" the official said.There will be a full and final rehearsal of security arrangements for Zardari's visit on Saturday in which helicopters will reach the Ghughra helipad and the crew will move on to dargah. They will remain there for the time schedule during which Zardari will be in the shrine and return to the helipad. \"We wanted to check the practical problems we will face during the president's vist,\" an officer who came from Jaipur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564538", "title": "Hanuman Jayanthi rally ends peacefully", "text": "HYDERABAD: Much to the relief of the city police, the Hanuman Jayanthi celebration that coincided with the Friday prayers of the Muslim community and Good Friday observed by the Christians passed off peacefully.The rally, which started at Gowliguda Ram Mandir around 11.30 am, concluded at the Tadbund Hanuman Mandir around 4.30 pm. Several shops and business establishments chose to voluntarily down shutters when the rally passed by as a precautionary measure. However, the rally triggered heavy traffic jams at several places.In the South and West Zone police limits, cops ensured that all commercial establishments remained closed. Minor tension was reported near Nagulchinta crossroads and Falaknuma when a small procession tried to make its way towards Mecca Masjid in trying to join the main rally, and near Shah Ali Banda when a group of Muslim youths raised counter slogans as a small Hanuman Jayanthi procession passed by. But in both the instances, police ensured that the situation did not go out of control.In the morning, Vishwa Hindu Parishad leader Praveen Togadia kicked off the procession with a bike rally at Gowliguda Ram Mandir and also gave a speech. A campaign would be taken up against Muslim reservation from April 9 across India, he said and appealed to the Hindu community to use social networking sites and other internet portals to spread the campaign. However, when Togadia gave another speech at the Tadbund Hanuman temple at the culmination of the rally, there were fewer people listening.It was a major relief for Old City residents as the Hanuman Jayanthi celebrations went off without any untoward incidents. The usually bustling Madina-Pathergatti-Shah Ali Banda stretch wore a desolate look. Most shopkeepers said that given the frequency of massive processions being taken out by people of different communities in the city these days, it was best to exercise caution.Charminar remained closed even as many unsuspecting tourists tried to reason with security personnel to allow them to enter despite the 'closed for the day' boards put up on the gates. Ivona, a disappointed tourist from Sweden said, \"I was unaware of the festival. This is my last day in Hyderabad and I really wanted to see Charminar from the inside.\"Traffic diversions, however, left commuters across the city confused. Some said that they had to travel in circles before they could reach their destinations. Bhaskar Benny, a lawyer form Musheerabad said, \"Today being Good Friday, people gather in large numbers in churches to pray. However, we had to park our vehicles almost half a kilometre away from Hebron Church on account of traffic diversions and road blocks. The worst affected were the children and the senior citizens.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569198", "title": "Priyanka Chopra gets CSK dancing!", "text": "Priyanka interrupted the IPL opening show for a bit... to 'interview' the defending champions, the Chennai Super Kings.What're your favourite teams, she asked Dhoni to which he promptly replied, \"Manchester United... and perhaps Arsenal!\" Prodded on, he said, \"If we could decide the best team now itself, we wouldn't be sweating it out for 45 days on the field.\" The svelte actress demanded Team Chennai to join her for a jig to her favourite Tamil number, Nakka Mukka... While Captain Cool stepped aside, not wanting to shake a leg, offspinner Ashwin did a bit of the Chennai kuthu for the crowd!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563672", "title": "Govt plans to denotify Regional Plan 2021", "text": "PANAJI: The government has decided to denotify Regional Plan 2021 and formulate a new one for Goa. BJP, in its election manifesto, had promised to scrap the plan.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Friday said, \"The government stand on RP is clearly mentioned in the governor's address to the assembly. The governor's speech is the official document, whatever has been said there will happen, but it will take some time to be executed.\"Governor K Sankaranarayanan, addressing the budget session of the Goa assembly on March 19, 2012, had said, \"My government will denotify the Regional Plan 2021 and formulate one in due consultation with all stakeholders.\"On Monday, government will issue an order to revoke all permissions issued under RP 2021 in the last three weeks. Parrikar said all licenses issued after the governor's speech will be revoked unless the zoning has not changed since RP 2001.\"Yesterday (Thursday), a few people have raised the issue regarding RP 2021 with me. I agreed with their views and I assured them to take a decision accordingly. An order will be issued on Monday. Basically, the order will be a follow-up of the governor's speech. All the licenses given after the governor's speech will be revoked provided they don't have the same position in Regional Plan 2001,\" Parrikar said.The BJP election manifesto had promised to scrap RP 2021 and formulate a new plan keeping in mind Goa's identity in consultation with stakeholders, including NGOs, gram sabhas and professionals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563309", "title": "Brother's wife thrashed to death for resisting rape attempt", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man was arrested for allegedly killing the wife of his younger brother after she resisted his attempt to rape her. The accused hit the victim on the head with a wooden plank, said police. He works as a labour contractor in south Delhi.The accused, Sunder (34), a resident of Fatehpur Beri , had been living alone after his wife left him because of alcoholism. On Tuesday night, Sunder went to his brother's house and began to misbehave with his wife, Neelam. She objected to his advances and headed to a police station. Sunder followed her.\"He came from behind and hit her with the wooden plank. He assaulted her mother too and fled. Neelam, who was rushed to a hospital, was declared brought dead. However, Sunder was arrested within 12 hours of incident. He was trying to escape to a neighbouring state,\" said P S Kushwah, addl DCP, south.The post mortem of the woman's body has been conducted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "12563490", "title": "Efforts on for speedy rehabilitation of Bawanthadi PAPs", "text": "BHANDARA: The district administration is making an all out effort to bridge the gap between the Bawanthadi interstate irrigation dam project affected people (PAP) and the authorities by organizing orientation camps for the families required to be rehabilitated. Till date the administration has organized 13 camps for the PAPs which has helped speedy completion of the project.District rehabilitation officer Jitendra Patil informed that the rehabilitation process will be almost complete by June. Patil said that state government under its rehabilitation package has granted financial assistance to 46 beneficiaries from two tribal villages - Susurdoha and Kamkasur - which will be submerged under the project's catchment area. Government has helped the villagers to set up a fishing co-operative society, has provided them with cows to help them run dairy business etc. These small scale businesses will help the villagers get permanent source of income.Tumsar Panchayat Samiti has sanctioned individual loans to 34 PAPs. Besides this, Bank of India, Rampur branch has provided loans to 12 individual while Vainganga Krishna Rural Bank has cleared 22 loan cases of PAPS. Besides this Tumsar tehsildar has approved 22 cases under the Sanjay Gandhi Niradhar Scheme, 24 cases under National Old age Scheme, 64 cases were sanctioned under Shravan Bal Scheme.A total of 38 land holders were provided financial assistance under the Rs 36.60 lakh rehabilitation package. District collector Pradeep Kalbhor took special interest in solving the pending problems encountered by the PAPS.Tahsildar Tumsar sanctioned 22 cases under Sanjay Gandhi niradhar scheme, and 24 cases under National oldage scheme ,64 cases are given sanction under Shravan bal scheme and these 64 beneficiaries are from above and below poverty line ,Tumsar public health center has given certificate of age to 50 persons and 11 persons are issued certificate of handicap.every beneficiary is given Rs 10,000 each and banks have sanctioned loan of Rs 9.95 lakhs to 33 beneficiaries,Integrated tribal development project given electric and diesel pumps to 11 beneficiaries and one cow is given to one beneficiary .Under the rehabilitation package Rs 36.60 lakh to 38 land holders, for their land and Rs 7.10 lakh to 22 families for their houses and under special rehabilitation package Rs 50.21 lakh is given to 21 families . District administration has organized 13 camps for distribution of package provisions in kind and cash .District administration has reached at the door of project affected persons , this has resulted in bridging the gap between PAPs, dam authorities and district administration and it has helped to remove obstacles in gorge feeling work of dam .Now dam is near completion and till month of June it will be completed District collector Pradeep Kalbhor was instrumental in solving pending problems of project affected persons of both villages .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12572609", "title": "Rabri Devi to be RJD candidate for legislative council election", "text": "PATNA: Former Bihar chief minister Rabri Devi would be RJD's candidate for the ensuing biennial elections to the state legislative council.RJD secretary general and MP Ram Kripal Yadav said the legislature party unanimously decided to put up Rabri in the polls to be held later this month.Members of RJD in Bihar assembly and legislative council met here at the residence of RJD supremo Lalu Prasad on Saturday evening where the decision was taken.The parliamentary board meeting of the party would also take place here on Saturday.Rabri had suffered a humiliating defeat at the hands of JD(U) nominees from Raghavpur and Sonpur assembly constituencies during the 2010 assembly elections in Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "12564465", "title": "Train service extended up to Manamadurai", "text": "TRICHY: The extended train service up to Manamadurai in Sivaganga district commenced its first journey from Mannargudi in Tiruchirappalli railway division here on Friday.The train departed from Mannargudi railway station at 6.30am and arrived at Trichy Junction at around 9.40am. Members of the train passengers union performed poojas for the train when it reached Trichy. The train with 125 passengers then headed towards Manamadurai through Pudukkottai. It reached its destination at 1.20pm. In the return direction, the train would depart from Manamadurai at 1.45pm and arrive at Mannargudi at 8pm. It will reach Trichy at 5pm.According to railway officials, the train was earlier operated between Mannargudi and Trichy with three coaches. During the recent railway budget, it was announced that the service would be extended up to Manamadurai, following requests from the commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568185", "title": "Celebration time for television actors", "text": "Blame it on their erratic shooting schedule, but it's not every day that busy television actors get to let their stylish hair down.So, when one such opportunity came their way, the unanimous decision was to make the most of the time.The occasion? \" Sampoorna\", a woman-centric non-fiction, turned six.After anchor Debleena Dutt cut the cake , it was time for some chitchat. Kanchana Moitra, who was seen catching up with friends from the industry, was heard saying, \"I've watched \"The Artist\" recently. It was really nice, but the one film that swept me off my feet is \"Bhooter Bhobisyot\".\"Fellow feeling, eh?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12568414", "title": "5 lakh aspirants to appear in IIT-JEE in 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2008, the Indian Institutes of Technology opened themselves to the world; looking for some diversity on campus, they travelled to Dubai and held their brutally competitive Joint Entrance Exam there.But the fifth edition of this exam there has nothing to boast about: Candidate count has been around the same; in fact it has fallen this year to 186. In the previous years, students signing up to take the JEE from Dubai hovered around 200 to 220.On Sunday, this small bunch of students will be joined by another 5.06 lakh teenagers in India for whom taking the JEE has become a staple for signing up for an engineering education. Overall, candidate numbers are up from last year's 4.86 lakh and the IITs have increased the exam centres to 1,067 this year. But this exam will also probably be the last of the JEEs as we know it. There are close to 9,590 seats spread across 15 IITs and competition will be stiff with 53 candidates battling it out for one seat.GB Reddy, JEE chairman, said, \"Students are supposed to use a black ball point pen this year and not a pencil. The minimum score that a candidate must get to secure a rank has also been declared.\"This year, the IITs have mandated that general category students must get a minimum aggregate score of 35% and at least 10% in each of the individual sections for being on the rank list. Similarly, OBC students must get at least 9% in individual sections and 31.5% in the overall score; for SC/ST, the minimum to be bagged in each section is 5% and 17.5% must be the minimum aggregate to be on the rank-list.For the last few years, the IITs have had the highest number of students qualifying from the IIT-Bombay zone; it remains to be seen if the new rules on scoring will change that.Under the Bombay zone, student numbers have gone up in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, forcing the IITs to set up additional exam centres, but Pune has seen a drop in applicant numbers. The count of exam centres is up from last year's 47 to 54 across Maharashtra, with two new centres in Akola and one each in Solapur, Kolhapur and Ratnagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570486", "title": "Sneha Ullal manages to attract directors", "text": "All those attempts at making steamy videos \"Lovelockdown\" followed by \"Lick\" didn't go in vain, after all, for Sneha Ullal .She has been receiving compliments for her raunchy show in the first and for her expressions in the second video where she plays a heartbroken girl. She wanted to show one and all that she can be sexy and expressive too, and that she now wants to display the same talent on screen. Well, she has succeeded in her endavours. For Sneha has been getting calls from directors. Not just that. Directors now want to write scripts keeping her in mind. \"I am feeling very flattered that directors are calling and asking if they can script a story for me especially. I am loving this,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12564004", "title": "Marna's fate: Fire lit to make way for more garbage?", "text": "MAPUSA: Unknown persons set ablaze waste thrown along the roadside on the Marna slope in Siolim on Thursday, locals told TOI.The fire that was lit during the afternoon also spread to the vegetation burning some shrubs, bushes and small trees. The fire also caused inconvenience to passersby as the flames leapt onto the road.The blaze died later after the garbage in the vicinity was burnt. Villagers suspect that the garbage was set afire to accommodate more waste. The fire was also emitting a toxic smell as the waste comprised thermacol, plastic, medicines, leather etc. Former sarpanch Vithal Salgaonkar demanded government aid to provide relief to the villagers.\"At the panchayat level, it is very difficult to handle it as the dumping is done clandestinely especially during night time. The government should do something about it to provide relief to the villagers,\" Salgaonkar said.\"The fire also gutted a plantation in the vicinity causing environmental damage. Unknown miscreants are now also dumping garbage inside the cashew plantations,\" added cashew cultivator Sadanand Salgaonkar.The hills of Marna are turning into a waste dumping site and the people of Siolim are reeling under the crisis resulting from indiscriminate garbage dumping.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12564156", "title": "Schoolboy dies as bike loses balance", "text": "PANCHKULA: A 15-year-old boy was killed and his friend seriously injured when the former lost control of his bike after a tipper overtook the vehicle on Panchkula- Barwala road.The deceased, identified as Rahul, a resident of Manimajra, and the injured, Preeti , a resident of Sector 7, Panchkula, were going towards Ramgarh when the accident took place. Both were rushed to General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula, where Rahul was declared brought dead and Preeti was referred to PGI. The deceased and the victim were students of Class X in a Panchkula-based school.\"When a tipper overtook Rahul it came too close to the bike, that the boy lost balance of the vehicle. Rahul hit the ground with such impact that he died on the spot,\" said a police officer.In the meantime, an auto approaching from the opposite side also veered off the road and turned turtle. The two female passengers in the three-wheeler also sustained injuries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564969", "title": "Get that fear off your chest", "text": "CHENNAI: Every time radiologist Sandeep Jaipurkar urged women to undergo annual breast screening for early detection of cancer, he saw them squirm. Women say mammography, a specialised X-ray screening of the breast, is a painful experience. Five years ago, he began to work with scientists at the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras to develop a machine that would make screening effective, cheaper and painless. IIT-M scientist S V Raghavan, now scientific advisor to the Prime Minister, suggested that they use an infrared camera, which is used extensively by the defence forces to identify people or movement in sensitive areas based on body heat.Today, in his consultation room at Vijaya Health Centre is a huge steel box that could take him closer to his dream. The box contains an infrared camera mounted on a trolley that moves 360 degrees to screen abnormal breast tissues. The patient lies down and the camera below screens the breast thoroughly. The images are transmitted to a computer, where the radiologist makes the diagnosis.The area around an abnormal breast tissue is red as there higher blood flow. Increased blood flow raises temperature around the tissue by one to three degrees Celsius. The 'hot spot', which could be a cyst or tumour, is picked up by the thermal infrared camera. \"The woman is not touched. She will experience no pain and there is no radiation,\" Dr Jaipurkar said.In October 2011, during the breast cancer awareness week at his hospital, 300 women underwent screening. Six were found to have abnormal breast tissues. \"All abnormal tissues may not be cancerous tumours, but blood supply increases to tumours that are cancerous and they show up as brighter hot spots,\" he said.To confirm this, doctors subjected six women's breasts to a 'cold challenge' test - the breast was cooled to 18o Celsius and scanned again. The tests showed two of the women had bright red spots and a biopsy confirmed that they had malignant tumours.An IIT-M research scholar V Umadevi also developed a formula calculate the size and depth of the tumour. Oncologists say that regular breast cancer screening for early detection is the only way to save lives. The tests available now are either painful or expensive. For instance, mammograms that cost `1,200 are recommended every year for women above 35 years of age and are not always accurate. With the new machine, the cost will come down to `500.As of now, the machine is not commercially available. The prototype will have to undergo double blind tests. The Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) has approved research in six cancer specialty centres, including AIIMS in Delhi, Tata Memorial Hospital, Mumbai, and Regional Cancer Centre in Thiruvananthapuram.Each of these centres will screen 300 women with the infrared camera and conventional mammogram in a double blind study. ICMR director Dr V M Katoch said the ethics committee has approved the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565486", "title": "Centre paves way for public-private partnership model in civic projects", "text": "PUNE: The central government's directions to municipal corporations that they should opt for public-private partnership (PPP) model for water and solid waste management will pave the way for Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to involve private players in sewage treatment plant projects and garbage management.A recent directive by the Union Urban Development Department (UDD) said, \"PPP in these sectors will bring in much-needed capital, greater efficiency and higher levels of customer satisfaction. Given the fact that the total investment over the last 20 years is approximately one-tenth of that required, PPP needs to be considered as one of the key strategies to increase investment in the sector.\"The UDD recently organised a workshop on 'Making water and solid waste management sectors investor friendly' in New Delhi and directed municipal corporations, including Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, to study PPP models. The government directives said, \"Implementation of projects on PPP basis in cities including Hubli and Dharwad in Karnataka as well as Nagpur and Navi Mumbai in Maharashtra have been able to demonstrate excellent service outcomes, such as round-the-clock supply and lower incidence of diseases, without significant increase in cost to the consumer.\"The central government has also told municipal corporations to prioritise waste-water management. One of the key objectives of the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission phase-II will be to use PPP models in mainstream projects. The government has also proposed to launch an urban infrastructure fund for PPP with German collaboration, the corpus of which is expected to be 200 million Euros.A senior PMC official told TOI, \"The PMC general body in February sanctioned Rs 50 crore for the sewage treatment project in the city. The PMC drew up a plan which included setting up of eight sewage treatment plants at a cost of Rs 271.60 crore for 100% sewage treatment to curb pollution of the Mutha river. The civic body had planned to seek funds from the Union government for restoration of the river. Now, the PMC can rope in private players in the process.\"The city generates 750 MLD of sewage daily, but PMC has the capacity to treat only 567 MLD. To achieve 100% sewage treatment, there is an urgent need to set up new treatment plants.\"Workers' unions have opposed involvement of private players in water and solid waste management. But, now, with the central government's directions, we could go ahead with new projects with the help of private investors,\" said the officer.Meanwhile, the city generates around 1,400 to 1,600 tonne of solid garbage everyday. The plant at Urali-Phursungi processes 1,000 tonne garbage, while two vermicompost plants and the biogas plants take care of around 300 to 400 tonne garbage. But a sizable portion of daily generation of garbage remains unprocessed, resulting in outright burning of waste at some places, while in some other places garbage gets lifted only on alternate days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564503", "title": "Cloudy conditions prevail in city", "text": "BHOPAL: Cloudy and overcast conditions over Bhopal skyline gave the residents a momentary relief from the blazing sun. The meteorological office forecast showers during evening hours on Saturday.The met office attributed the unusual climatic conditions to the upper air cyclonic circulation developed over eastern parts of the state. Consequently, the sun remained behind the clouds during the major part of the day on Friday. A thick cloud cover accompanied by breeze made the night pleasant.Thundery conditions would develop over places, including Rewa, Sagar, Jabalpur and Gwalior divisions. Possibility of light rains in the evening and late hours was not ruled out for Bhopal as well.Meanwhile, Seoni recorded one centimeter of rain in the day while mild showers were reported from some places in Sagar and Khajuraho.The temperature among the four main cities, including Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 40.3 and 22.0 degree Celsius. Bhopal recorded a maximum of 39.3 (+2) and a minimum of 25.0 (+4). The maximum at Indore was 38.5 (+2) against the minimum of 22.0 (+3).Gwalior recorded a maximum of 40.3 (+3) and minimum of 22.0 (+2). The maximum and minimum temperatures at Jabalpur were 35.1 (-3) and 24.4 (+5) degrees respectively.Forecast for the next 24 hours underlined a possibility of rain and thundershowers at isolated places over east MP.The maximum temperature in Bhopal city is expected to remain around 40 degrees and minimum around 25 degrees Celsius.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564445", "title": "Man commits suicide in front of children", "text": "HYDERABAD: A man committed suicide by hanging himself to the ceiling fan at his house even as his two children watched in horror, at Sai Nagar in Nagole on Friday afternoon.The man, G Shiva, 25, was a deliver boy with a HP Gas agency. \"Narasimha, 3, and Chinamma, 2, both children of Shiva, were in the room when Shiva put off the fan and hanged himself. The incident came to light after Narasimha informed his neighbour,'' LB Nagar sub-inspector Jahaya Khan said.According to family members, Shiva's wife Kumari left him three months ago following some differences.\"He did not leave a suicide note. But it looks that the strained family relations might have forced him to take the extreme step,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568467", "title": "'Kill Bill' series with Neetu Chandra", "text": "A blackbelt in martial arts, Neetu Chandra is done with the veil.Lately seen immersed in efforts to fit into the image of the good domesticated future wife to actor Randeep Hooda, Neetu had consciously discarded her bindaas bold and provocative image for the sake of love, commitment and impending matrimony.But now we hear the relationship has for all practical purposes reached a dedend. With Hooda's career on a sudden if not a steep upturn, we hear Neetu is tired of fitting into the 'good girlfriend ideal wife-material slot'.While the industry was talking of a wedding date Neetu, we hear has other plans. She is ready to strike back on screen, this time in a desi avatar of Uma Thurman's kickass role in 'Kill Bill'. The stunts would be on a par with what our Bollywood he-men do in action scenes.In collaboration with producer Siddhartha Jain Neetu will create what is secretly being referred to as the Female Dhoom franchise.\"Not like some actresses who did a few flips and somersaults and had everyone going wah-wah over their derringdo. Neetu will actually be performing all the stunts that are associated with the action genre. She is as trained and equipped for the athletic stuff as Vidyut Jamwal who made such a terrific impact on Force ,\" says the excited producer Siddhartha Jain, as he works out the nitty-gritty of the gritty series.Neetu who is the only certified blackbelter in martial arts would be performing all the stunts in the films that are are going to be made in the series.Says Neetu, \"With due respects my female colleagues like Deepika Padukone in Chandni Chowk To China or Priyanka Chopra in Don who have thrashed around their limbs in so-called action scenes, I don't think we've had a genuine female action star since 'Fearless Nadia'. I feel we're ready for some kickass female action. I've trained in the martial arts for 11 years. So far none of my roles has been action-oriented. Of late I had begun to get very restless.There's a lot of pent-up energy within me.\"Could the effort to be the demure sedate lady in waiting have taken its toll on Neetu's energy level?She bursts out indignantly, \"I don't know where these rumours of marriage are coming from. It was only when a very dear filmmaker friend recently asked if I'd like to do his film that I got to know there was a prevalent belief that I'm getting ready to quit. For the record, I'm not getting married for another five years.\"Another relationship in the entertainment business has fallen prey to the pressures of career management. RIP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12566048", "title": "Gujarat, Delhi devour 30% of ice cream in country", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Cold treats seem to be a hit with Amdavadis. The city consumes more ice cream than bigger cities like Mumbai and Pune, says a report by the Associated Chambers of Commerce and Industry ( Assocham).The report says almost 35% of ice cream sold in India is savoured by the western region - Gujarat, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Goa. And, Ahmedabad tops the list in the region. The group's report takes into account countrywide consumption between April and December 2011.Put together, Delhi and Gujarat consume about 30% of the total ice cream in the country. \"The acceptance of ice cream as a dessert is higher in the western region, especially as compared to other cities. Another reason is the population here has a power to spend,\" says GCMMF MD RS Sodhi. GCMMF markets Amul ice cream that dominates major metro markets of Maharashtra and Gujarat, like Mumbai, Pune, Ahmedabad, Vadodara and Surat.\"Demand for 500 ml and one-litre packets has doubled in recent years. Though the volumes come from traditional flavours, consumers like experimenting. International flavours, including different varieties of chocolate, are going to be in this season,\" says Rajesh Gandhi, managing director of Vadilal Industries who is also the president of the Indian Ice Cream Manufacturers' Association (IICMA). The report pegs the total size of the ice cream market in India at Rs 3,000 crore, of which 60% is controlled by the organized sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "12564672", "title": "Digging out Harappan secrets", "text": "KARNAL: Discovery of ancient remains in Nilokheri, which are believed to be of the Harappan civilization, have awed a team of archaeologists from the Cambridge University of London and Banaras Hindu University. The experts are carrying out extensive excavations of the site in Khalsa Bhola village.The findings initiated on March 28 and shall continue till April 16, and the excavators have so far unearthed mud utensils, pottery and bones. The archaeologists have also found a mud wall believed to be a part of an important building.Professor Arun Kumar Pandey of Banaras Hindu University, who is leading the excavation along with Patrick from the Cambridge University, confirmed that the discovery could be associated with the Harappan civilization.Before starting the excavation, experts from the Banaras Hindu University collected samples from the site, and after examining the soil concluded that some important discoveries might be possible, said Pandey.He said that a similar excavation project was underway in Ballia district in Uttar Pradesh where such discoveries had been made. Pandey said that the team was planning to make detailed announcement sometime next week, as their excavations had lot to reveal. It was learnt that the team had so far dug about six metres deep and plans to reach 40 metres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565182", "title": "Central agencies uneasy with Odisha\u2019s offer to free prisoners", "text": "NEW DELHI: Central security agencies are worried over the Odisha government's offer to free 27 prisoners, including eight Maoists, to get an abducted MLA and an Italian national released as they feel it might end up giving a fillip to the Naxals' activities not only in the state but also in surrounding areas.Central paramilitary forces engaged in anti-Maoist operations have noticed that whenever a state government succumbed to the Naxals' pressure and released prisoners or dropped charges against rebels, the episode was used by the ultras to get more recruits - be it in West Bengal in 2009 or in Odisha in 2011.It is no secret that West Bengal virtually become a major hunting ground of the Maoists for almost two years after they successfully got 22 of their women cadres released in swap deal by the then state government in 2009. Rebels had in exchange released abducted police officer Atindranath Dutta but the episode emboldened them to launch more violence.The violent cycle in the state was broken only in November last year when security forces eliminated top Naxal leader and CPI (Maoist) politburo member Koteshwar Rao alias Kishenji following an intelligence-based operation.Odisha witnessed the same trend ever since 12 Maoists were allowed to get bail to secure the release of then Malkangiri district collector R Veenel Krishan in 2011. The state government had agreed to fulfill most of the 14 demands of the rebels including withdrawal of cases against top CPI (Maoist) leaders Ganti Prasadam, Padma and Eswari to facilitate their release from jails.\"The episode only turned the Naxal situation from bad to worse with the state becoming a safer hideout for rebels operating in neighbouring Jharkhand and West Bengal,\" said an officer.Though the Maoist group which abducted Italian Paolo Bosusco in Odisha on March 14 has so far not accepted the state government's 'offer' and rather hardened its stand on Friday, officials in security agencies monitoring the situation believe that chief minister Naveen Patnaik's soft peddling with the ultras will only worsen the situation.Without expressing their concerns 'openly', officials here said the Maoists were taking full advantage of the fact that the state succumbed to pressure and it was very easy to get someone released from jail in Odisha through kidnapping.The home ministry is not involved in the negotiations between the Maoists and the Odisha government as the latter has not sought any help but it is in regular touch with the state officials. Paramilitary forces deployed in Odisha for anti-Naxal operations have, on their part, constantly been providing inputs to state police.Ministry officials feel that the inability of the Odisha government to take a tough stand against the Naxals in the past has encouraged the rebels to keep abducting prominent people to free their cadres or sympathizers from jails.Adequate central paramilitary personnel have been stationed in Odisha for long. But the state government has hardly launched any full scale operations against the Maoists leading to the free run of the rebels in many parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12574043", "title": "Great leap forward in cooking", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Lizards and insects emerging out of midday meals will now be a thing of the past for 65,000 children studying in government schools in and around Jamshedpur.Come April 9 and their meals will roll out from delivery vans packed in shining steel utensils containing 'dal bhat and subzi' cooked in huge semi-automatic steam cookers at a centralized kitchen.Built as a public-private-partnership model of the state government with Tata Steel and Iskcon Food Relief Foundation (IFRF), this centralized kitchen is the brainchild of chief minister Arjun Munda who was impressed with Iskcon's centralized kitchen in New Delhi one and a half years back and hit upon the idea of implementing it back home. While Tata Steel provided the infrastructure, including land, for the purpose, IFRF, which has 25 such kitchens across the country, sent out its representatives to conduct a survey of government schools across Jamshedpur and Adityapur and assess its requirements.\"I was aghast to see the kind of meals that were being served to the children which not only lacked both quality and quantity but were cooked under highly unhygienic conditions,\" said the kitchen team leader, Ramesh Kumar . Not surprising then that children often fell sick after lizards were found in their dal and insects swarmed in the rice that was served to them in the name of midday meals.Not any more. \"As many as 16 women of neighbouring localities have been engaged to clean the rice which is provided by the government,\" said IFRF director Sanjay Tikoo, who has been camping here for the past one year. The vegetables will be cut automatically in an electrical vegetable chopper from where it will go straight to the cooker after proportionate amount of salt and spices are added to it by 20 cooks brought in by Iskcon. The cooked meal will be poured straight into the containers in which they would be parcelled. \"The first hand that touches the meal will be that of the person in the school who will serve the meal to the children; hence no chances of contamination,\" said Tikoo.While the government is providing Rs 3.40 per meal per child, the rest will be provided by IFRF. \"We are making no profits; this is simply charitable work,\" said Tikoo.Behind him, four huge steel cookers with capacity to cook 90 kg of vegetables and 70 kg of rice at a time stood ready to roll from Monday when Iskcon will have its trial run of the kitchen. \"Everything will be steam cooked,\" said Kumar, adding that the thrust of IFRF was to provide nutritional food to the children. At present, the schools are running in morning shift and work at the kitchen would begin at 5 am and by 7 am the 22 vehicles would roll out of the centre to their destination of 388 schools. \"During day schools, the meals will be ready to be delivered between 9.30 am and 10 am,\" said Kumar.There is another surprise which awaits the students who are by now bored with the dal bhaat or the pale khichdi which is served to them for lunch. \"On certain days, we will cook sambar for them instead of the usual dal or even khichdi stuffed with green vegetables,\" Tikko said. Huge cookers are also ready to prepare fried rice and pulao for the children.Some more good news is that the centralized kitchen with a capacity to feed 1 lakh children has also provided employment to local people. As many as 44 drivers and helpers and 16 cleaners have already been engaged by Iskcon from neighbouring localities. The gleam in the eyes of Shabnam could not be missed. \"I'm a graduate but did not have employment. What if this work is menial at least I'll now get enough money to feed my family,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12569093", "title": "No need to notify government on troop movement, says Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Army Chief Gen V K Singh has dismissed reports of \"unusual\" movement of two elite units of army towards the capital in mid-January calling it \"routine\" for which there was no no need to \"notify\" the government.\"Notify for what? What was happening? We keep doing this so many times,\" he told 'The Hindu' when asked if the army had notified the government on the movement of the two units. An Indian Express report on Wednesday on the troop movement on the night of January 16-17, the day the army chief had approached the Supreme Court on the age issue, had created a furore that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Defence Minister A K Antony had rubbished it as \"alarmist\" and \"baseless\".To a question whether the government had sought a clarification on the January 16 movement of troops, Gen Singh said, \"It was not not like that. No clarification was asked for. These were routine issues. I don't think one or two units ever bother anyone. It was not not as if the whole of the armoured division was marching towards Delhi. This is just a figment of imagination.\"He also rejected any link between the timing of the troop exercises and his moving the Supreme Court and suggestions that the movement was meant to scare the government or exert pressure. \"How is there any connection. You have gone to the Supreme Court. What is there to scare the government for? These are fables of a sick mind,\" the army chief said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "12564110", "title": "Bibi finds some support from Delhi Sikh Gurdwara body", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as senior Shiromani Akali Dal leaders have visited Bibi Jagir Kaur in jail after her conviction in the last one week, on Friday she received some open support for the first time, and that too from an opposite camp. Stating that children are the custodians of honour of their parents and Harpeet Kaur \"apparently deviated from the legacy of Sant Murale Wale, of which Bibi is the custodian,\" Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee 'dharam parchar' committee chairman Tarsem Singh in a statement added, \"In this hour of distress I empathize with Bibi\".He said that Bibi's case should be seen, while keeping aside her political status, from the perspective of a mother. \"That how traumatic would have been the death of Harpreet Kaur is not difficult to realize for those who have daughters and sons,\" he said.Jagir Kaur is now undergoing imprisonment for forcing abortion and kidnapping of her daughter Harpreet Kaur, who had died in 2000 under mysterious circumstances. Bibi Jagir Kaur heads Dera Sant Baba Prem Singh Murale Wale.\"Those stone-hearted who are attacking Bibi with chosen epithets due to their narrow-mindedness should try to put themselves in her shoes to understand her tragedy and trauma,\" advised DSGMC leader Tarsem Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564635", "title": "Midnight fireworks, skits to mark Easter", "text": "CHENNAI: Every year, G Xavier's children fall asleep sometime during the midnight mass on Saturday, but he always makes sure he wakes them up a few minutes before 12, so that they can see Jesus Christ's resurrection. The entire premises of San Thome Church goes dark for a few minutes, until suddenly there is a flash of light, a rocket cuts across, bursts into flames, and Jesus Christ comes to life.Across the city, the scene will be played out in different churches, and committees have been working overtime for the last week to get their sets, lighting and smoke effects in place to re-enact the resurrection and mark the beginning of Easter Sunday.\"It's exciting to watch,\" says Xavier. \"They've re-created the scene two years in a row at San Thome Church and we're hoping we get to see it this year too. A rocket is fired from one end and the moment it bursts, a person dressed as Jesus stands up and emerges from a tomb that has been created in the church,\" he says.At Don Bosco Church in Ayanavaram, Adrian Vassou and the decorating committee have been working for two days on a flex-and-hardboard image of Jesus Christ, who will emerge from a papier mache and hardboard tomb, complete with a boulder that rolls away to open up. \"There are two images of Jesus Christ being made, one 5ft tall and another 8ft as there are two services. We are going to have a smoke machine and stage lighting set up to create the perfect effect of mystery and celebration,\" adds Vassou, who says that every year the sets are different.At the service at St Mary's Co-Cathedral on Armenian Street, a bell will ring at midnight, the congregation will rise to sing 'Gloria' and in the midst of incense and fireworks, a statue of Jesus will be unveiled. \"The youth of our church work on Friday and Saturday to get the enactment ready,\" says Father Deva Joe, rector and parish priest of St Mary's Co-Cathedral. \"The settings vary depending on the space. Sometimes, the enactment takes place near the altar, and sometimes on the roof of the church,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12563967", "title": "Kavlekar takes stock of water woes", "text": "MARGAO: Taking cognizance of the acute water shortage in Betul, Fatorpa, Betul, and Canaguinim in his constituency, Quepem MLA Chandrakant 'Babu' Kavlekar on Friday convened a meeting of sarpanchas and PWD to take stock of the situation.When it was pointed out that the Selaulim pipeline from Naveband at Cuncolim to Betul had broken down thrice in the last fortnight, PWD officials explained that once the water reaches Naveband at Cuncolim, it is pumped to Betul by engaging three motors. Kavlekar assured that additional motors would soon be utilized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564517", "title": "Child trafficker nabbed, cops rescue three boys", "text": "HYDERABAD: Railway police busted a child trafficking racket and arrested a 24-year-old businessman from Dabeerpura on Friday.According to Railway SP (Secunderabad) M Kanta Rao, 10 days ago the businessman, Munna, went to Siwan district of Bihar and brought two boys Pramod, 13, and Mukhesh, 12, by promising to pay their parents Rs 4,000 as monthly salary. He employed them in his bag manufacturing unit at Dabeerpura. However, unable to put up with the harsh working conditions, the boys escaped from the workplace on Friday and landed at Secunderabad railway station. The boys were noticed by head constable Padmavati there. \"The boys told our constable about the whole issue. Our special team raided the factory and arrested Munna,\" the SP said. The accused was booked under Sections 370 (buying any person as slave), 374 (unlawful compulsory labour), Sections 3 and 14 of the Child Labour (Prohibition and Regulation) Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564072", "title": "Gandhi Setu to remain closed for repair", "text": "PATNA: The Mahatma Gandhi Setu would be closed for vehicles from 11pm on Saturday to 5am on Sunday and from 9pm on Monday to 5am on Tuesday, for maintenance and repair works, a press release issued here by the Patna SSP office said.However, essential services, including movement of ambulances and press vehicles would not be affected. Commuters would have to take other routes during the above mentioned periods.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563352", "title": "Traffic curbs on Bhagwan Dass Road from Monday", "text": "NEW DELHI: Starting Monday, one carriageway of the Bhagwan Dass Road will remain closed for traffic, said traffic cops. The stretch from Tilak Marg to Mandi House roundabout on Bhagwan Dass Road will remain closed for two months due to metro work.Meanwhile, the carriageway on the Mandi House roundabout will remain intact and all the arms of the roundabout will be functional, except the carriageway on Bhagwan Dass Road.Delhi Traffic Police on Friday also announced the road diversions on ITO for the next two years. While one carriageway of Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will be closed from the ITO intersection to the post office while going towards Delhi Gate, the opposite carriageway will be marginally affected, with about half the lane used for Metro work.Traffic coming from Connaught Place or Indraprastha Marg will be redirected towards Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg, Vishnu Digamber Marg and then to Kotla Marg before it merges with Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg.Traffic coming from Delhi Gate will be steered to a widened left carriageway (when moving towards ITO), instead of being diverted to the service lane, as had been proposed earlier. DMRC is also planning to provide a parking space for the area.During the construction of the Metro station at Delhi Gate, vehicles heading to LNJP Hospital from Bahadurshah Zafar Marg will no longer be able to use the left slip road. The entire carriageway from ITO towards Delhi Gate will shift to the right and not be straight anymore. As a result, the left turn will become signalized and carriage width will reduce slightly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564854", "title": "Constable hurt as gun goes off accidentally", "text": "BANGALORE: A 45-year-old head constable attached to City Armed Reserve (CAR) escaped with minor injuries after his service self-loading rifle (SLR) went off accidentally on Friday afternoon. He was deployed for security duty at the Reserve Bank of India regional office on Nrupathunga Road, sources said.The SLR was on his left shoulder. When Venkatesh got up from the chair he was sitting on, the trigger went off accidentally. \"The bullet grazed his left shoulder. He was shifted to Victoria Hospital,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567721", "title": "Mehnaz Nadiadwala's bash for friends", "text": "The best way to make friends in a new city is to throw a party and have people come over. Which is precisely why Sajid Nadiawala's sister, Mehnaz Nadiadwala - who moved back to Bangalore after three and a half years to be with her children - threw a Back to Friends party at a downtown hotspot recently, where she caught up with her old friends and made some new ones.The afternoon started with the ladies chatting over drinks and starters, after which they moved on to lunch. Music was later played so that the ladies could get into the groove, but eventually, they all went back to chatting with their pals.Mehnaz was a busy hostess and went around making sure that her guests were well attended to, all with the help of her best friend Kripa.Gouri Kapur took a break from work and made an appearance, as did Beena Patre. Mehnaz's teenage kids also showed up and had their friends over too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565608", "title": "BEST double-decker crushes biker", "text": "MUMBAI: A 31-year-old biker was killed and nearly 60 people travelling on a BEST double-decker had a close shave when the speeding bus went out of control , overturned and landed on a two-wheeler . The incident occurred at Kalanagar in Bandra (E) on Friday evening.Thirty-one people travelling on the bus, including the two conductors and a four-year-old boy, were rushed to Bhabha Hospital with injuries. The driver escaped unhurt and reportedly ran away from the accident spot and surrendered before the police.Authorities at Bhabha Hospital said of the 15 patients eventually admitted, nine sustained serious injuries, which could require surgeries later. Chief superintendent of peripheral hospitals Dr Seema Mallick said: \"The patients have sustained fractures to the head, neck, arm, spine etc. Barring one of them, all are stable now.\"The bus was going from Kurla station (W) to Bandra station (E). A BEST press note said there were around 55-60 people on the bus. Around 5pm, said eyewitnesses , the bus took a sharp turn at the intersection connecting the Bandra-Kurla Complex to the road leading to the Western Express Highway before overturning and crushing the biker.This, said sources, was the first time ever that a BEST double-decker bus had tipped over.The BEST authorities said prima facie the driver, Jalimdar Bhosle, seemed responsible for the mishap as he was in a hurry to get past the signal. Eyewitnesses too blamed him, saying he was speeding. But Dattaji Dongre (31), a conductor, defended Bhosle saying he was driving within permissible limits.The Kherwadi police later arrested Bhosle for rash and negligent driving. Officials said they would verify the allegation that he was speeding.Sources said it took the police and other rescue workers one and a half hours to pull up the bus and bring out the biker, identified as Harish Pillai of Borivli, from under it. He was sent to a hospital where he was declared dead before admission.Incidentally, Pillai was to get married in May. The police found a driving licence on him and informed his family. The BEST said the biker's kin would be compensated in keeping with provisions of the Motor Vehicle Act.The bus was lifted with the help of cranes after efforts to pull it up with ropes failed.Deshbhushan Korde (37), who was on the bus and sustained a spinal contusion, said: \"I even warned the driver that he was going too fast, but he seemed to be in a great hurry to jump the signal. About 15 passengers fell on me as I was sitting on the left side.\"Passersby broke the rear glass of the bus and helped the passengers come out. Many of the injured walked to nearby clinics on their own, said the police.Pushpalata Naik (58) of Andheri sustained a left forearm fracture and lower spinal and head injuries. She was sitting with her colleague, Geeta Sarang (42) on the upper deck. She became unconscious and was helped out of the bus by Sarang.Dongre, who was taken to hospital with injuries to his head,legs and arms, recalled seeing a bike tyre lodged in the bus's window. Sachin Sonawane (29), the other conductor who was on the upper deck, suffered a neck injury. DCP (Zone 8) Satyanarayan Chaudhary said: \"The injured are being treated at Bhabha Hospital.\"(Inputs from Somit Sen)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564608", "title": "State being ruled by mafia, says Naidu", "text": "HYDERABAD: Coming down heavily on the Kiran Kumar Reddy government, Telugu Desam Party (TDP) president N Chandrababu Naidu said on Friday that the government was being run by 'mafia' and that the regime was neck deep in corruption.\"The state is being run by land mafia, sand mafia, liquor mafia and mining mafia,\" Naidu quipped and said that precious natural resources of the state were being plundered by ruling party leaders.Addressing the party state-level meeting at NTR Trust Bhavan, he said that all the important institutions had been hijacked by YSR to serve his selfish interests and those of his son jaganmohan Reddy and that the skeletons were tumbling out now.\"In the name of creating employment, the YSR government doled out 750 acres to Indu Properties, 10,000 acres each to Vanpic and Lepakshi knowledge city and another 15,000 to Kakinada SEZ. Each of these companies should have provided jobs to 45,000 people. But none of them created a single job and instead, invested in the companies owned by Jaganmohan Reddy,\" said the TDP leader.Naidu wondered why the government was not cancelling these land allotments even as more facts were coming to light about the quid pro quo arrangement that existed in the land allotments.\"Instead, Kiran Kumar Reddy himself is indulging in large scale corruption. His own people are saying that he made Rs 325 crore in one year in the coal purchase deal. And Kiran Kumar tried to give away the Polavaram tenders to the TRS for a hefty commission. Pileru, the chief minister's own constituency, has become a smuggling hub for red sanders,\" said Naidu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565126", "title": "Directorate of Revenue Intelligence uncovers 3 crore duty evasion racket", "text": "MUMBAI: An NGO imported clothes free of duty for distribution among the poor but sold it on the open market, authorities said.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials seized four containers carrying 96,000 kg of garments, mainly leather jackets, at Nhava Seva. Duty exemption is granted to garments imported for distribution among the poor.Akhil Bharitya Samjauta Sansthan, a Lucknow-based NGO, has sold 50 containers of garments in the past, officials said. Duty evasion is estimated to be around Rs 3 crore. The NGO transported garments to Ghaziabad and sold them, said sources in the Nhava Seva Customs unit. Vinod Kumar Singh, who formed the NGO, told DRI that he imported garments under an arrangement with a London-based NGO, Friends of Ludhiana. A bilateral treaty allows import of garments duty free for distribution to the poor.The imports have to routed via designated ports in India. Singh imported garments through JNPT and other ports. Moreover, Friends of Ludhiana denied any distribution of clothes to Singh's NGO. \"Garments were procured from South Korea by the importer and shipped to India through the NGO,\" a source said.DRI sleuths are trying to locate the importer. Once the garments are imported, it is the district magistrate's responsibility to ensure that it is distributed to the needy. The details of the same are submitted to the ministry of social justice and empowerment. Sources said in this case, documents show Customs officials have confirmed that the underprivileged received the garments.The transportation charges from the port to the area of distribution is paid by All Artificial Limbs Manufacturing Corporation of India, a non-profit organization, working under the aegis of ministry of social justice. Officials said in this case, the cost of transport was borne by Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564690", "title": "Kapra Lake in Hyderabad is now a cesspool", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kapra lake in Sainikpuri, which was once a clean and beautiful spot, is now suffering the fate of many other lakes in the city. With new apartments and houses around the lake dumping their sewage into the lake and people from nearby market places dumping waste and plastic bags here, the lake is on its death bed.G P Raman, a businessman and a resident of Kapra, said, \"People come and throw plastic bags and waste from butcher shops. Many times, people perform various pujas here where they sacrifice a hen or a goat and perform the ritualistic cutting of hair after a relative's death right here. The stink becomes unbearable sometimes and mosquitoes have become a menace thanks to the dirty water.\"The lake surface is covered with weeds and plastic bags floating around. Garbage heaps now sit on the once clean banks where children played and families relaxed. Murali Krishna, another resident of the area, said, \"Earlier it was a spot for families to picnic or spend a nice evening by the water. But it is no longer possible to do that now. I have also seen employees of clinics and hospitals throwing expired medicines into the water. The lake once had fish but they are all dead. Authorities take up the cleaning of the lake only once a year, usually after Ganesh Chaturthi.\"The residents continue to suffer even as the authorities debate whose responsibility it is to maintain the lake. Krishna Rao, executive engineer, lakes and parks department, HMDA, said, \"The cleaning and maintenance has to be done by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). We have already written many letters to them regarding this matter and in a recent meeting, they had agreed upon taking up the beautification of 170 lakes in the city, including Kapra lake. They carry out cleaning procedures from time to time.\" Meanwhile, Ratna Joseph, chief entomologist, Kapra circle, GHMC, said, \"It is actually the HMDA's responsibility to clean the lake. But, we end up cleaning all the weeds because the chemical application we carry out needs clear water surface. Since we are doing it, the HMDA says it is our duty.\"However, the chemical application and cleaning too are not done regularly, the last cleaning being carried out in March 2011. Promising a change in the condition, R Upender Reddy, deputy commissioner, Kapra Circle, GHMC, said, \"We have been getting complaints about the mosquito problem near the lake and we are taking steps to tackle it. Proposals to construct a compound wall and fencing around the lake too are being prepared. The work should be completed in a year and a half.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "12565687", "title": "Board this train, learn more about HIV", "text": "DHARWAD: Elaborate measures have been taken by the district administration to ensure that without any hassles a large number of people should be able to visit the Red Ribbon Express exhibition train, which will be stalled in Dharwad railway station for three days from April 7.The district in-charge minister Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the expo at 9.30am on Saturday.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain said the Red Ribbon Express has eight bogies, of which the exhibition will be held in four bogies. Three bogies will display information on HIV and the last bogie will disseminate information on National Rural Health Mission ( NRHM).Counseling will be held for patients in one of the bogies and a training programme will be held for youths, elected representatives of local bodies, teachers and officials. Apart from this, four art teams will stage street plays in the railway station and rural areas. Two art teams will be touring 30 villages a day and stage plays, regarding HIV awareness.The entry is free and emphasis will be given to educate the rural people on this deadly disease. Jain instructed officials to seek support from NGOs and local organizations in reaching out to the rural crowd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad/visakhapatnam", "code": "12564668", "title": "Rain, hailstorm catch Hyderabad unawares", "text": "HYDERABAD/VISAKHAPATNAM: Hailstorms lashed parts of Hyderabad while rains accompanied by strong gales caused extensive damage in three north coastal Andhra districts on Friday. Met officials said formation of cumulonimbus clouds caused strong winds and dust storm.Hail stones hit parts of Old City, Malakpet, Chaderghat, Koti, Dilsukhnagar, Chaitanyapuri, Shamshabad, Moosarambagh, Nadergul and Alwal, while trees were uprooted in Goshamahal, Kacheguda, Putlibowli, Boggulkunta, Agapura, Barkatpura and Gandhi Bhavan areas. Hoardings fell in some areas. The mild showers brought down the temperatures by about 2 degree Celsius with the city recording a maximum of 37.7 degrees.Winds in excess of 80 km per hour uprooted big trees, communication and power lines in the north coastal Andhra districts. Vehicular movement was affected as the winds kicked up dust at several places. Many trees were uprooted in Paderu, Araku and Chintapalli-Narsipatnam ghat section. Telephone poles fell at some places causing disruption in communication network, while electric wires snapped.Agriculture officials said 800 acres of banana plantations was destroyed in Saluru division in Vizianagaram district because of the gales. The region would experience rains or thunder showers in the next 24 hours, Met officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564092", "title": "SAD announces names of chief parl secretaries", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The SAD-BJP government on Friday announced appointment of 21 chief parliamentary secretaries for its present term. The secretaries, 17 of whom are of Shiromani Akali Dal and four of BJP, will be administered the oath of office and secrecy on April 10.They include BJP's Navjot Kaur Sidhu , wife of MP Navjot Sidhu; and Nisara Khatoon, wife of former DGP Izhar Alam. Parkash Chand Garg, Sarup Singla, N K Sharma, and Pawan Kumar Teenu are first-timers from SAD and Som Parkash from BJP. K D Bhandari, Amarjit Singh Sahi are second-time MLAs from BJP.The listBalbir Singh Ghunnas, Nand Lal, Sohan Singh Thandal, Desraj Dhugga, Montar Singh Brar, Harmeet Singh Sandhu, Mohinder Kaur Josh, Avinash Chander, Inderbir Singh Bolaria, Gurbachan Singh Babehali, Virsa Singh Valtoha, Amarpal Singh, Pawan Kumar Teenu, Parkash Chand Garg, Sarup Singla, N K Sharma, Nisara Khatoon, K D Bhandari, Amarjit Singh Sahi, Som Parkash, Navjot Kaur Sidhu", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "orchha (madhya pradesh)", "code": "12569790", "title": "BJP gears up for 2013 Assembly elections", "text": "ORCHHA (MADHYA PRADESH): Sounding the bugle for the 2013 assembly elections, Madhya Pradesh Bharatiya Janata Party has exhorted party men to gear up and work for a hattrick win next year, saying that it would lay a strong foundation for the formation of a National Democratic Alliance (NDA) government at the centre in 2014.\" We are looking forward for a positive vote in Madhya Pradesh\", BJP general secretary Anant Kumar, who is in charge of party affairs in the state, said while inaugurating the two day state BJP executive meeting here in this historic town known as \"Ram Rajya Sarkar\" where the famous Ram Rajya Temple exists in the improvised Bundelkhand region.The ruling BJP's decision to choose Orchha to switch into poll mode is being seen as an attempt to counter the Congress and its general secretary Rahul Gandhi's pet Bundelkhand package. Two days ago, the state BJP leaders thronged the Tapariyan village in Tikamgarh district, where Rahul Gandhi had spent a night, and announced financial assistance of Rs 25 lakh for the village development. Besides, they also assured to provide benefits of state government's welfare schemes to the needy.\"Congress is facing a leadership crisis. Rahul's charisma did not work in Uttar Pradesh. Priyanka is already a political non-entity. Young Congress leaders could not even manage victory in their home turf of Amethi and Raebareli\", Anant Kumar said adding the Congress party at the centre was at cross roads. \"Its leaders are worrying about the leadership\", he added.Pointing out that Congress has now been confined to a few states, the BJP general secretary said even in these states its governments were battling for survival as they would be voted out in the next ele4ctions. \"Anarchy like situation is prevailing at the centre. Government-Army relations are under strain and Mamata Banerjee and DMK have virtually become \"remote controls\" of the UPA-II\", he claimed.Speaking on the occasion, president Prabhat Jha said the party men were being asked to gear up for the next elections and to fan out through out the state to highlight the achievements of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government which, he said, had initiated a series of welfare schemes and other measures for the uplift of the farmers and the poor.\"Elections are about one-and-a-half years away. But practically, less than 300 days are left when we deduct the days of the festival season and other engagements. We have to gird our loins to score a hat-trick\", he said.During the two day state executive meet, the BJP is expected to bring and adopt a political resolution on the \"development of Bundelkhand\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "golaghat (assam)", "code": "12572252", "title": "Major fire in Numaligarh refinery in Assam's Golaghat", "text": "GOLAGHAT (Assam): A major fire today broke out at Numaligarh Refinery Limited in Assam's Golaghat district, officials said.There was an explosion at the hydrogen cracker plant area of the refinery at about 6:35 pm when the fire broke out, they said.However, the cause of the blaze was yet to be ascertained, the officials said.Fire tenders posted at the refinery have rushed to the spot to douse the flames, a senior NRL official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564849", "title": "Metro mishap: plaint to panel", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged case of a minor who lost his hand while working at a Namma Metro construction site on March 19 has reached the Karnataka State Commission of Child Rights.Alternative Law Forum activist Vinay K Sreenivasa has complained to the commission about the incident on KR Road. Pul's right hand was severed when a mechanical excavator was digging earth. His left hand, too, got twisted wh8en he was being taken to hospital from the accident site. Pul is now in KIMS hospital.Vinay alleged that Pul's case is a pointer to child labour in Metro sites. Metro officials did not comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564826", "title": "Cluster-based solid waste mgmt may ease pressure on dump yards", "text": "CHENNAI: A cluster-based solid waste management system - common compost yards for groups of the newly-added areas in the Greater Chennai Corporation - will not only decentralise garbage disposal but also ease pressure on the dump yards in Perungudi and Kodungaiyur, say environmentalists and other experts. Merely allowing the new localities to dump waste generated within their limits in the existing landfill sites may not be the solution, they feel.After its expansion last year, the Greater Chennai Corporation allowed the newly-merged areas, comprising nine municipalities, eight town panchayats and 25 panchayat unions in Tiruvallur and Kancheepuram districts, to dump garbage in Perungudi and Kodugaiyur which together now get around 3, 600 tonnes of garbage daily - an increase of around 1,000 tonnes.The space at the two dump yards, however, is limited. While Kodungaiyur is spread over 476 acres, Perungudi cover around 200 acres, most of it abutting the Pallikaranai marshland. \"We have been opposing the dumpyard at Perungudi since we settled here a few decades ago but now more garbage is being dumped here,\" said K Periasamy, an environmentalist.Some years ago, a few common compost yards, aimed at creating an effective garbage disposal system, were planned for clusters of local bodies in the suburbs. The 25-acre common compost yard planned in Sholinganallur, now part of Greater Chennai, was expected to handle around 150 tonnes of garbage a day from 43 local bodies. The 10 crore project was stalled after a series of protests.Similarly, work on a common compost yard planned in June 2007 on a 25-acre-plot in Kuthambakkam near Poonamallee in the western suburbs has stopped since 2009. It was to handle around 200 tonnes of garbage a day from Tiruverkadu, Valasaravakkam, Poonamallee, Maduravoyal and Ambattur.Experts believe residents can be convinced if a scientific way of garbage disposal is put in place. \"Many local bodies on Chennai's outskirts like Kundrathur and Mudichur have been successful in decentralising garbage disposal,\" said Shiva T Krishnamoorthy, project leader, solid waste management projects, Hand-In-Hand .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570561", "title": "Ishaqzaade avoids clash with IPL\u2019s big matches?", "text": "The film will be released a week before its actual release date.Yash Raj's forthcoming film 'Ishaqzaade' will now be released on the 11th instead of 18th May 2012. The change in release date has happened due to another film's delay in release.Vidhu Vinod Chopra's Ferrari ki Sawaari was to release on the 11th but the producer didn't think it was a wise decision considering the IPL season is on. Ferrari's release was thus delayed keeping 11th a free day at the box office.Ishaqzaade being a film starring newcomers, a clash with the big matches of the IPL was avoided which is why it will now release on the 11th May.YRF confirmed, \"With Ferrari ki Sawaari moving to a later date and the IPL crunch matches kicking in from the 18th, this shift will give Ishaqzaade a better window for release.\"Arjun Kapoor and Parineeti Chopra have been cast in lead roles in Ishaqzaade", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12564137", "title": "Fund crunch, faculty shortage hit Andhra University", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Andhra University, one of the oldest institutions in the country, is facing severe shortage of teaching faculty. If the grim situation continues, the university where as many as 6000 students study 75 courses will be left with not more than 150-200 teachers by the end of 2015 as against the present strength of 400.Sources said the university is facing serious fund crunch also because of which some of the departments do not have assistant professors. The AU academic senate members lashed out at the government for failing to grant funds and take up recruitment drive, last done in 2006. Former professors recall the glorious days when the university had 1,250 faculty members before their number dwindled to 650 in the late nineties.Principal of College of Science and Technology V Veeraiah said the number of students has been increasing without commensurate rise in the number of teachers. He said they are utilizing the services of 40 retired professors to teach the students.Not only regular courses, even the distance education stream has been hit hard by the shortage of teaching faculty. Director of School of Distance Education (SDE) NL Narasimha Rao said because of lack of teachers to teach some of the courses, the SDE has failed to attract students.\"This is pathetic. A university which once boasted of stalwarts like Sir CRR and Sarvepalli RadhaKrishnan is hampered by shortage of teachers and funds. Several departments have only professors but no assistant professors. There is not a single assistant professor in the civil engineering department,\" a professor told TOI on condition of anonymity.The Arts College, one of the oldest wings in the university, would be the worst-hit as the present number of the staff, 150, would come down to 30 by the end 2015. About 20 teachers are set to retire in the month of July this year.As per rules, each department must have a minimum seven members as core faculty. Now, only two or three teachers are in the departments, in which most of them are professors, a research scholar Achari, who is taking PG classes in the university, said. Rector of the university PVGD Prasada Reddy said the government would fill around 130 teaching posts after the appointment of new vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12565033", "title": "Corporators still want IPL freebies; MLAs, too, join in", "text": "BANGALORE: As the clamour for free VIP passes for the IPL matches rises, home minister R Ashoka will play umpire to resolve the issue. After the corporators on Thursday demanded 450 passes for the nine matches, an MLA, too, is making similar demands for fellow MLAs for the matches to be played between April 7 and May 23.Ashoka has convened a meeting of cricket authorities and corporators on Saturday morning to sort out the issue amicably. The elected representatives are not clear which category of passes they want, but it must be a VIP pass. There are 17 categories of tickets ranging from Rs 330 to Rs 55,000. While there is no VIP category, the three-star seating is Rs 3,300 and Rs 4,400, while the four-star begins at Rs 5,500.The difference in rates depends on liquor served. While the Rs 3,300 has just food, the Rs 4,440 and Rs 5,500 classes serve liquor. All three seating arrangements are close to the pavilion - terrace and lounge seating. The highest price is Rs 55,000, followed by Rs 33,000, Rs 15,400, Rs 5,500, Rs 4,400, Rs 3,300 and Rs 330. Ashoka and the cricket authorities will decide which class would be agreeable to the elected representatives and the authorities.Ashoka told TOI: \"I will have a meeting with corporators and KSCA authorities to settle the issue. Much time couldn't be lost.'' While raising the tax threat again, deputy mayor S Harish said on Friday though KSCA mops up huge revenue through advertisements, it only pays a pittance as tax to BBMP. \"No such concession will be given anymore.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563286", "title": "2 new courses at Jamia\u2019s nanotechnology centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jamia Millia Islamia's new centre on nanotechnology is introducing two post graduate courses - MTech in nanotechnology and PhD programme in nanoscience - from this year. Meanwhile, the AJK Mass Communication Research Centre is also launching a one-year course in acting.The centre for nanoscience and nanotechnology was launched in December last year. The two new courses, the first to be offered from this centre, will commence from the new academic session. \"The 2-year MTech course will be spread across four semesters. Twenty seats will be on offer in this course, and the last date for receiving completed application forms is May 7, 2012. The admission to the programme will be through an entrance test followed by an interview,\" media coordinator Simi Malhotra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564712", "title": "Comedian\u2019s bags stolen, cops stop at \u2018diary entry\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Here is an example of how the police keep \"crimes in check\" and maintain a \"clean record\".A few days ago, when a standup comedian and his assistant director approached the Juhu police to lodge a complaint of theft, all that the officers did were make a diary entry and issue a missing certificate, but they refused to register a case.The incident occurred on Wednesday when comedian Navin Prabhakar, along with his assistant director, went to attend a Vidhu Vinod Chopra's function at a multiplex in Juhu.Prabhakar parked his Honda City by the side of the road leading to the theatre. Around 7pm, when he came out, he was shocked to find the rear windshield of his car reportedly shattered. As the two looked around, they found both their bags, kept in the backseat, reportedly missing. According to Prabhakar, his friend's bag had two hard discs that contained \"valuable data related with film projects\". Prabhakar himself had electronic gadgets, worth Rs 50,000, and some documents in his bag.Immediately after the discovery, the two headed for the Juhu police station. There, the officers on duty offered \"full cooperation\" to Prabhakar, given his celebrity status, but when it came to business, the policemen allegedly told him that it was impossible for them to trace his lost valuables and documents. The officers had a discussion with Prabhakar for an hour and reportedly tried to convince him that he should not lodge an FIR \"to avoid legal hassles and to save time\". All that they offered to do was make an entry in the diary. \"I don't have any complaint against the police, but I did not expect such a reply from the officer. We went to the police, hoping that they would try to trace our belongings,\" Prabhakar said. The policemen reportedly recorded the details of the missing valuables in their diary and issued Prabhakar a \"missing certificate\", which will apparently help him prove that he \"lost\" his documents.The duty officers apparently did not apprise their superiors of the incident. Senior inspector of Juhu police station Arun Bhagat said, \"I was not told about the incident. I will talk to him (Prabhakar) and take cognizance of the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563693", "title": "Govt reconstitutes panels for district-level planning", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the district planning committees for North Goa and South Goa. Panchayats, zilla panchayats and municipal councils/corporation falling within the area of the North and Ssouth districts will have to prepare an annual plan and submit it to the district planning committee in whose jurisdiction they are in.While the chairperson of the respective zilla panchayats will head the North Goa and South Goa district planning committees, the chief executive officers of the north and south zilla panchayats will act as secretaries of the district planning committees, a notification issued by the government stated.Members of parliament from each of the districts will serve as members on the district planning committees and all MLAs will be part of the planning committee for their district based on the constituency they belong to.Every panchayat, zilla panchayat and municipal council/corporation falling within the area of the North and Ssouth districts will, at the beginning of every five year plan period, prepare a five year plan and by the end of January every year, prepare an annual plan and submit it to the district planning committee concerned.The district planning committee will consolidate the plans prepared by the zilla panchayat, panchayats and municipal council/corporation in the district and prepare a draft development plan for the district as a whole. Plans prepared by the district planning committees were considered for state planning in the past but in the last five years, sources say, hardly any importance was given to them. Nonetheless, every chief minister has said that district planning committees would be given due importance.The district planning committees, in preparing the draft development plan, will have regard to the matters of common interest between the zilla panchayat, panchayats and municipal councils/corporations in the district including special planning, sharing of water and other physical and natural resources, the integrated development of infrastructures and environmental conservation.According to the notification issued on Thursday, the committees will access the extent and type of available resources, whether financial or otherwise, and consult institutions and organizations concerned in the planning.The chairman of the district planning committee will forward the development plan, as recommended by the committee, to the government of Goa for further action.The expenditure of the meetings of the district planning committees will be met from the funds provided to the North Goa and South Goa zilla panchayats by the government towards recurring and non-recurring expenditure for administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12563954", "title": "What punishment should the CM give to cops who do not pay for what they eat and drink?", "text": "When they eat or drink they should certainly pay for it just like anyone else. And, if they do not, they should be suspended. Once this kind of action is taken against one police personnel, the others will not indulge in such things. If they are suspended, it will be listed on their personal files and they will find it difficult to obtain promotions. The free-loaders need to be taught a lesson, and these acts should be made public. Besides making the erring police pay for what they have bought, they should also be fined.Simon RebelloBusiness, PalolemThey should certainly be fined. Some kind of action needs to be initiated against them. Any action if taken will be justified because they need to understand that they cannot get away with such behaviour. They receive their salaries like others do. Hence, they need to pay for what they buy just like anyone else. Maybe if they are suspended, other cops will learn a lesson and won't indulge in such acts.Anarkali ShirodkarCounsellor, St InezFirst of all, I suggest that the salaries of all those in the police force should be increased 10 to 15 fold. If even after then, they are caught having free drinks or indulging in free meals, severe action should be taken against these police personnel and they should be terminated from their jobs.John LoboGeneral secretary, SOWS-G, BagaInitially, when found guilty they should be warned. If they still go back to their old ways then they should be asked to pay double of what they take from the person. Even after this, if they do not mend their ways, then they should be placed under temporary suspension. If this too does not work, then they ought to be permanently suspended. The police are supposed to be protectors of society and should not indulge in such shameful acts.Milind ColvalcarDoctor, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564628", "title": "Newborn abandoned on roadside", "text": "CHENNAI: Police rescued a three-day-old girl abandoned on the roadside in Arumbakkam on Friday morning. They handed over the child to Childline officials who have given her to an NGO in Teynampet.At 6.30am on Friday, a security guard of a private hospital in Arumbakkam heard a baby's cry. He found her wrapped in a towel by the roadside. \"The baby was found with part of the umbilical cord. We suspect an unwed mother could have abandoned her. We are also checking the records of a few hospitals to know about the deliveries in the past few days to trace her parents,\" said inspector Arul Santhoshamuthu. \"There are no claimants so far and the child was kept under observation for a couple of hours at a private hospital, \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12564049", "title": "Goan leads India's triumph at Vienna International moot court", "text": "PANAJI: Goan law student Jagdish Menezes led the Indian team to success at the world's largest and most prestigious moot court competition held in Vienna - the Willem C Vis International Commercial Arbitration Moot on April 5.Menezes' team won the competition beating 283 teams from the world's best known law schools. The Goan's team comprised speaker-mate Ishita Bhardwaj and researcher-mate Ridhi Kabra. All three are fourth year students at the Hyderabad-based National Academy of Legal Studies and Research (NALSAR). The Vienna moot court is billed as 'The Olympics of International Trade Law.'Educated at Campion and St Xavier's, both Jesuit institutions in Mumbai, Menezes had been among those who attained the top percentile at the All India Entrance Exam and opted for NALSAR. His father Glenroy Menezes hails from Curtorim and mother Anjinha Faleiro is a native of Margao.\"It's unreal. It's amazing,\" said Menezes, of his victory. \"We were up against about 283 competitors from around the world. The standard was incredibly high. Everyone knew the case law very well and some teams were much bigger than ours,\" he said.Appearing for the respondent side in the moot final, Menezes and his team fended off arguments from the second-placed team from University College, London.\"The final was nail-biting. I had my heart in my mouth right up until the announcement. Our win shows that it's not the size of the team that makes a difference, but your passion,\" Menezes said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567623", "title": "Bond brews up a storm", "text": "First he went blonde, then he got gritty a la Jason Bourne, and now James Bond has a six-pack - and we're not talking about his abs!According to reports, a Dutch beer company has signed up for a new Bond campaign that will include at least one scene in the next 007 film, Skyfall , in which the sexy spy will be shown knocking back a beer instead of sipping on a vodka martini.While Bond films are no strangers to product placement, this development has sparked outrage among 007 loyalists. TOI asked Bond fans if the move will be a brew to thrill or whether it will just fall flat.Entertainment professional Rohit Barker says that the standard \"Bondisms\" are being done away with to make 007 a more 21st century spy. \"The cheesy one-liners, the subtle - or not so subtle - sexual innuendos with names like Pussy Galore, the great suits, and the vodka martini, shaken not stirred became synonymous with the Bond of the 80s and 90s. Bond now gets into a lot more scrapes, there are fewer gadgets and the movies have become more real. Even though I'm a Bond fan, I think those Bondisms should stay with Sean Connery and Roger Moore. Daniel Craig is making Bond his own and it's working for him,\" he says.Designer Manoviraj Khosla, whose preferred beverage is beer, likens Bond's new avatar to Mission:Impossible's Ethan Hunt. \"They've changed a lot of things for this particular Bond, some of which I agree with and some of which I don't. Having him drink beer fits with the more rugged image they're trying to give Bond. How many men actually drink a martini? It's a lady's drink. However, the vodka martini is so iconic that I don't think they should get rid of it altogether,\" says Manoviraj.Jishnu Dasgupta of Swarathma, who has read several of the Bond books by Ian Fleming , says that a true Bond fan won't care about what Bond drinks, drives or wears. \"The vodka martini is something people latch on to when they don't recognize the resilience or the neversay-die character of Bond. All the gadgets and Aston Martins are just tools. The true nature of Bond, which is something I admire, is his ability to charm his way in or out of a situation, and his ability to see beyond the obvious,\" he says.However, actor Jennifer Kotwal says that some things should never change, especially when it comes to a character like Bond, who's captured the imagination of his fans for 50 years. \"I would like Bond to do the same things, even though certain things should change to make the films more new and funky. I want to see Bond having his vodka martini, be surrounded by pretty girls, and have one girl come out of the water!\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564457", "title": "Hindutva agenda behind pilgrimage subsidy, alleges Ajay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: Leader of opposition in Madhya Pradesh Assembly, Ajay Singh on Friday said that it appears that there is an \"Hindutva agenda\" behind the decision of the BJP government to give subsidy to people in the state to visit certain religious places in foreign countries.\"It appears that there must be an Hindutva agenda behind giving subsidy to people visiting some religious places belonging to a particular community,\" Ajay said.\"If at all the state government wanted to subsidise such religious visits then it should do it for all the communities of the society,\" he said.He also said that it would have been better if instead of giving subsidy for such visits, the government could have spent the money on the renovation of dilapidated temples and other religious places of the state.The state government has yesterday expanded the subsidy scheme for pilgrimage to places of religious importance situated in Sri Lanka (Sita Mata Temple and Cambodia (Angkor Wat Temple), official sources said.Such provisions are already in place for pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar (China-Tibet), Hinglaj Mata Mandir and Nankana Saheb (both in Pakistan).The State Government will now provide 50% subsidy on expenses (maximum Rs 30,000) to the state's citizens for the journey to pilgrim centres in Sri Lanka and Cambodia.Six years ago, Chief Minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan had taken the initiative for providing financial assistance to citizens of the state for pilgrimage to Kailash Mansarovar.A beneficiary pilgrim has to make claim for reimbursement within 60 days after the journey to Madhya Pradesh Tourism Development Corporation (MPTDC) along with details of expenses.Under the scheme, a domicile of Madhya Pradesh is eligible to avail this subsidy once in lifetime.Later in 2007-08, the State Government has also introduced the provision of providing subsidy for pilgrimage to Hinglaj Mata Mandir and Nankana Saheb situated in Pakistan.A person desirous of pilgrimage to Sita Mandir (Sri Lanka) and Angkor Wat (Cambodia) will have to apply to MPTDC, Bhopal for getting subsidy within sixty days after visiting the place temples at the above-mentioned countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564962", "title": "Greens burn hole in pockets", "text": "CHENNAI: Vegetable prices, which doubled after Cyclone Thane hit Tamil Nadu in December 2011, have still not dropped at the Koyambedu Wholesale Market Complex. Beans and okra (ladies' fingers) are sold at `45 to `50 and `35 to `40 a kg respectively against `20 to `25 before the cyclone. Retail prices, on an average, are at least `8 to `10 (per kg) higher than at the Koyambedu wholesale market for all vegetables while retail brands like Spencers and Reliance Fresh sell all vegetables at prices ranging from `12 to `15 higher than at the wholesale market.Prices of capsicum (`35-40 a kg), green chilli (`15-20 a kg), large coconut (`15 a piece), small coconut (`10 per piece), and ginger (`25 per kg) are still high. \"Supply of vegetables such as bitter gourd, green chilli and okra which come from the coastal areas of Cuddalore has been affected due to the cyclone. The price may rise further,\" said P R Soundarajan, a wholesale trader in Koyambedu.Sources in the Koyambedu market said the prices of fruits and flowers might rise as the Market Management Committee is expected to discuss an increase in the maintenance fee by 50 paise per sq.ft from `1 to `1.5 after a meeting with traders and retailers on April 10. \"Though the maintenance fee was reintroduced last year after it was suspended in 2008, it was not collected due to objections from traders. The issue will be sorted out at the meeting to be held on Tuesday,\" sources said.Opened in 1996 to decongest George T o w n , t h e Koyambedu market complex is spread over 68 acres of land. The market management committee wants to collect the revised fee as the money is needed to develop infrastructure in the market. Traders are against the move and want the parking fee to be increased instead. Two-wheelers and four-wheelers to pay `5 and `10 for parking respectively, while lorries and commercial vehicles pay between `60 and `200 per trip. \"Either way, the increase will be passed onto consumers,\" said G Sangeetha, a resident of Anna Nagar.Some prices have dropped: Carrot, tomato, cabbage, potato, beetroot and cauliflower cost between `18 and `20 as against `30-35 a kg earlier. This is because they are grown in hilly areas such as Ooty, Hosur, Venketakagiri Kottai and Vijayapura, near the Karnataka border, which were not affected by the cyclone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564825", "title": "Ex-speaker lands in trouble", "text": "BANGALORE: Former speaker and Congressman K R Ramesh Kumar has been found guilty of illegal encroachment of forest land. He encroached upon 10 acres 34 guntas of survey number 1, and 53 acres and 30 guntas, at Hosahudya village in Janigalkunte reserved forest, in Srinivasapura taluk of Kolar district.On March 26, the conservator of forests (Bangalore Circle) issued an order directing him to vacate the area within 30 days , after handing over movable and immovable properties to the forest department.A joint survey by officials of the forest, revenue and land records departments proved the encroachment. On April 26, 2011, the DCF (Kolar division) ordered Ramesh Kumar to vacate the encroached land. Kumar had appealed before the conservator of forests. tnn\"It's been proved that the land is encroached upon illegally,'' the conservator of forests stated in his order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12565056", "title": "Corporation readies to cap Vellalore dump", "text": "COIMBATORE: The garbage mound at Vellalore will soon be history. The corporation plans to cap the mound into a 15 metre hillock and landscape it with a lush green grass meadow. The plan is to be executed in the next three months.The mound is spread over 600 acre and is the biggest garbage dumping yard under the control of the city corporation. Frequent fires have been reported from the site and residents in and around Vellalore have for long complained of foul smell and toxic fumes emanating from the site. The civic body's decision will come as a major relief to Vellalore residents.The project is to be executed by a private firm. Paper work for the project was completed on Friday and work is to be completed by July this year.\"The scientific closure of the garbage heap at the Vellalore dumping yard will be completed soon. After the landscaping is done, the available space could be utilised for some other purpose,' says T K Ponnusamy, commissioner, Coimbatore Corporation.The garbage mound would be converted it into compact stack in the form of a hillock and a meadow developed by spreading layers of gravel and clay between the garbage heaps. According to sources, the project would be completed in two phases.On completion, the mound would resemble a 15 metre-tall hillock, of which 7.5 metre would be completed in the first phase. Lawn grass will be planted atop the hillock. The work is expected to be handed over to Coimbatore Integrated Waste Management Company that runs the operations at the Vellalore dump yard. A channel for water would also be created on the hillock to ensure minimum seepage of water into the mound and the garbage accumulated inside it.The project is now being implemented after a delay of almost six years. The initial Detailed Project Report (DPR) for the scientific closure of dump was prepared way back in 2006. The estimate for the project then was Rs 5.2 crore, as the daily waste generated then was just about Rs 3.36 metric tonnes. However, the 650-acre yard now receives 5.5 lakh metric tonnes of waste generated from the corporation limits and the total cost to cap it has escalated to Rs 12.5 crore. Funds are to be provided by the central and state government through JNNURM scheme and Rs 3.67 crore from private bodies. The corporation will provide just about Rs 41 lakh.\"The move will ensure that there are no more incidents of freak outbreaks of fire in the yard. Environmental pollution from the garbage heaps in the yard will also end,\" adds Ponnusamy.However, residents of Vellalore and nearby areas claim that the delay in capping the dump has already polluted ground water in the area. \"Water table in the region is completely polluted as chemicals and other toxic substances have seeped in from the garbage mounds all these years,\" says K S Mohan, secretary, Kurichi-Vellalore Pollution Prevention Action Committee.For tileTotal area of Vellalore dump: 650 acreWaste dumped daily: 5.5 metric tonnesCost to cap the dump: Rs 12.5 croreCost estimated in 2006: Rs 5.2 crore", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564802", "title": "Swades moment for Ajad", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Septuagenarian Isha Saghar saw an electric bulb glow in his humble abode for the first time in his life. \"I am glad to have lived to witness this moment\", says Saghar. A resident of the Ajad - the only inhabited island among a cluster of 42 in the Marine National Park of Jamnagar, he has been part of a community that had lived without electricity for seven generations.Ajad lit up with the help of solar powered bulbs just last week. Overjoyed, people who are used to chasing darkness with the help of oil lamps are now busy purchasing colour televisions. At least two families have already made the purchase and are hooked to Doordarshan.Saghar says, \"Earlier, we had to wait for one hour at Okha port to charge our mobile phones. Most of us, hence, had purchased an extra battery which was given to shopkeepers at Okha town to be charged. When bulbs glowed in our homes, and the ceiling fans started cooling us, our children were excited beyond words. Our women too are glued to televisions,\" he said.Ajad is situated about 27 nautical miles away from Okha port and has just 11 families living in it. Most of them are into farming and fishing. It takes nearly two hours to reach the island from the port.R D Kamboj, chief conservator of forest, Marine National Park in Jamnagar said, \"We took up the solar lighting project in Ajad under the World Bank funded Integrated Coastal Zone Management (ICZM) project. The department has equipped every house with solar electricity and also installed seven street lights. ICZM is for improving livelihood to people staying along the coast, and also preserving them from natural disaster by resorting to mangrove and other plantation.\"\"Each house will have three power points - one for mobile charging, one for a bulb and one for ceiling fans. The power will be enough to take care of the needs of the families living on this Island,\" said Kamboj.For seven generations, the 11 families had used either lanterns or lamps to light up their surroundings. \"The illumination at the light house at Okha was the only trace of electricity that we could see from home,\" says Saghar. \"In the night if we ventured out of home, we would have to carry a torch or lantern to protect ourselves from poisonous snakes, scorpions and other insects. Now that we have got street light, our days in darkness are over,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569709", "title": "After Ranbir, its Shahid Kapoor for Ileana next?", "text": "Ileana could soon be acting in her second Bollywood venture soon. Buzz is that ace Tamil director, Lingusamy is keen on casting her in the Hindi remake of his Tamil blockbuster \" Vettai\". Arya, Madhavan , Amala Paul and Sameera Reddy starred in this multi starrer action flick. It is learnt that the director has approached Ileana to play Amala Paul's role. That's not all. Here's the clincher. Sources close to the filmmakers say that she will be cast opposite Shahid Kapoor in the movie. Apparently the actress has given the approval in principle and will officially sign on the dotted line soon. UTV Motion Pictures is producing the movie.Source: 123telugu.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563329", "title": "Rs 35 lakh baggage scanner ignored at railway station", "text": "NASHIK: The only baggage scanner at the Nashik Road railway station, which is the only railway station for the city, is lying defunct for the past seven months. Unveiled with great pomp, the Rs 35-lakh luggage scanner installed at Nashik Road railway station currently occupies space in a corner in the lobby of the railway station ever since it developed a technical snag. Besides, its annual maintenance contract expired over two months ago.Home to the divisional revenue commissionerate and the India security and currency note press, the Nashik Road railway station also has the distinction of being the biggest revenue earner in the entire Bhusawal division of the railways. However, the security of passengers travelling to and from Nashik is in jeopardy as the RPF is paying no attention to the machine.Since the railway station was an important destination, the luggage scanner was introduced on its premises in 2009. Luggage scanners were installed at important stations to detect suspicious items and provide visual clues about arms and ammunition, suspected explosive items, wires etc. that may be carried by passengers in their luggage.\"In the beginning, the RPF deputed personnel for the scanning progress. But as it became routine, the personnel were removed and citizens were asked to put the bags on their own. Slowly, the scanner was left useless and it developed a snag, forcing the officials to push it into a corner,\" a senior railway official said.Though the machine was repaired, personnel were never assigned to the machine. Thereafter, the scanner was just dumped, railway officials said. Sources from the railway police force admitted that the scanner is not being used at present.\"Though the machine was meant for scanning, commuters and the staff showed least interest in carrying out their responsibility. This lead to no attention being paid to the scanner. Today, all the scanners in the division are awaiting the annual maintenance contract. But even after that, nobody is sure that the scanner will be utilized to its full potential,\" a senior official from RPF said.Lakshman Nayak, commandant, RPF, Bhusawal, said, \"The annual manitenance contract (AMC) for all seven machines in the Bhusawal division expired last year and the proposal for renewal has been sent to the accounts department around three months ago.\" He added that the scanner would be repaired only after the maintenance contracts were renewed, as getting it done from a private technician would turn out to be very expensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "12564848", "title": "2 delegates vote against CPM political resolution", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Two CPM delegates on Friday voted against the political resolution moved in the party congress. Sources said these delegates had moved an amendment suggesting a particular political line with regard to the Telangana issue but the congress rejected it and that might have prompted them to register their dissent.The two Andhra Pradesh party members' move is unusual as the party follows democratic centralism in the organizational structure. Voting had taken place in the party congresses only when there had been serious dissent voice expressed by a prominent group.The party leadership, especially CPM general secretary Prakash Karat, tried to stop the two members from voting against the resolution but in vain, the sources said.CPM politburo member Brinda Karat said, \"I don't know their motive. But only two among 802 delegates opposed it. Hence, you can say the resolution was accepted almost unanimously.\" The political resolution and political review report were taken up for voting after a long reply by Karat. On behalf of the central leadership, Karat admitted the failure in judging the pitfalls behind the Special Economic Zone Act brought by the central government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12559106", "title": "It's a family time for Vidya Balan", "text": "After giving back to back super hit films like Dirty Picture and Kahaani, Vidya Balan is now on a much deserved break.The actress has also completed shooting for her item number in Ferrari Ki Sawaari. Having enjoyed her lavani experience, Vidya Balan currently has has only one film in the pipeline - Rajkumar Gupta's Ghanchakkar. Apparently, the director waited for Vidya for eight months and insisted that he wouldn't do the movie without her.The shooting of 'Ghanchakkar' will commence in September. In the meantime, the actress plans to recoup well, travel, spend time with her family and read a few scripts. Vidya seems to be in no hurry to sign on the dotted line and will take her time in being part of a script she completely believes in.Vidya Balan surely finds a place in the A-League, and with the likes of Aamir and Shah Rukh hoping to work with her, let's not be surprised if one of the movies in the near future have her sharing screen space with one of these biggies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563159", "title": "Engineer kidnapped &amp; killed by \u2018pal\u2019 who wanted Rs 1 crore", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another case of pals turning killers for money, a 23-year-old civil engineer was kidnapped and killed by his friend and two acquaintances who buried his body in a west Delhi godown with 40kg of salt for quick decomposition, and then demanded a ransom of Rs 1 crore from his father.The victim, Johnny Gupta, the son of a small-time west Delhi businessman, was called to a scrap godown for a 'party' on Tuesday. Later that night, the 'friends' strangled Johnny and buried him in a pit they had already dug in the premises. All three have been arrested.Anoop, a 21-year-old marketing executive who masterminded the crime, was Johnny's friend. He apparently told the cops during interrogation that since he himself had been kidnapped as a class VII student, he was confident of pulling off the operation.\"The accused strangled Johnny and then dumped his body in a grave they had dug a week back while planning the killing. The godown belonged to Avinash, 36, a law graduate and M Com who had earlier worked as a teacher. The third accused is Anil, 26, a tempo driver,\" said R S Krishnaiah, Joint CP, Northern Range.False boast about land deal made them hatch the plotThe trio who killed 23-year-old civil engineer Johnny Gupta revealed that they were planning to ask Johnny's father to board the Gomti Express from Delhi to Lucknow and collect the ransom amount in the train. However, they were arrested before they could make this call, said cops.Johnny's decomposed body was also recovered on Friday from the godown.The drama started around 6.30pm on April 3 when Johnny was returning on his bike to his Paschim Vihar home from Model Town with a colleague, Ashok. Johnny received a call from Anoop, who asked him to come to the Punjabi Bagh flyover for planning an \"outing\". \"Johnny reached the flyover and met Anoop.They then went on separate bikes to Peeragarhi in west Delhi, where Anoop made Johny park his two-wheeler at the Metro station,\" said Romil Baaniya, additional DCP, northwest.Johnny sat pillion on Anoop's bike and went to the godown in Kamruddin Nagar in Nihal Vihar area of west Delhi for a \"party\", police said. They reached the godown around 8pm.Leaving Johnny at the godown with Avinash and Anil, Anoop left on some pretext, promising to come back soon.According to the police, by 9pm, Johnny smelled a rat and told the duo that he was leaving. When he wasn't allowed to go, Johnny got into a scuffle with Avinash and Anil. The duo soon overpowered him and choked him to death with an electric wire.They told Anoop about the killing and he instructed them on how the body had to be disposed of.\"They put his body in the grave after taking out his wallet and mobile and covered the pit with four 10kg packets of salt,\" Baaniya added. At 11pm, the accused then left the godown, went to Wazirpur and made a ransom call to Johnny's father at 11.59pm, demanding Rs 1 crore, police said. Johnny's father, Ravinder Kumar, had already informed the police about his missing son after his did not return till 11.35pm and was unreachable on the phone.\"Two police officers were at our house when the ransom call came and we rushed with them to the Paschim Vihar police station,\" Ravinder told TOI.Ironically, Anoop had planned the murder after Johnny had falsely boasted that his family had made a lot of money in a land deal, police said. They said Johnny's father was in no position to pay the ransom.During investigation, the police first questioned Johnny's colleague Ashok , who was last seen with the victim. \"Ashok told us that Johnny had gone with Anoop, so we questioned him.At first, Anoop tried to mislead us but on sustained interrogation, he failed to give a consistent account of his whereabouts between 7pm and 9pm on Tuesday. He finally broke down and confessed,\" said a senior police officer.The other two arrests followed on Thursday and the body was recovered based on information given by the trio. It was sent for post mortem to the Babu Jagjivan Ram Hospital, after which it was handed over to the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "12563282", "title": "Missing youth found dead", "text": "AKOLA: A youth missing from his residence at Dhanora Chehel village in Mangrulpir taluka of Washim district since last five days was found dead near sub power station on Washim road on Thursday. The deceased was identified as Rajesh Gawhale (32). He had left the house five days ago to deposit money in ICICI Bank at Washim but had not returned home. A case of accidental death has been registered.Four cases of accidental deaths registeredAkola: Laxman Gaikwad (60) of village Dhasalwadi in Buldhana district committed suicide by hanging himself to death from a tree on Thursday. He has no agriculture land to his name. Reason behind the suicide is not yet known. A 25-year-old married woman Rama Rahul Wankhade of Karla village under Hiwarkhed police station in Akola succumbed to burn injuries on April 3. Her husband suspected her character, cops said. On the basis of a complaint, the husband was arrested.A young married woman Lata Narendra Shendragade residing in Shri Shivagi College of Engineering at premises in Babhulgaon village on NH6 has committed suicide by consuming poison on Wednesday. She was immediately taken to hospital but died on Thursday. In another incident Dwarkabai Atmaram Khaire (50) consumed poison but died in a hospital on Thursday. She was the resident of Nimgaon Narayanpur under Nandura police station in Buldhana district. In all cases accidental deaths were registered.Pethe awarded PhDWardha: Prof Ajay Pethe, assistant professor, MBA department at Datta Meghe Institute of Engineering Technology &amp; Research, Sawangi (M) was awarded PhD by Rashtrasant Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur University for his research on 'Study Of Insurance Industry With Special Reference To SBI Life For Nagpur Region' in Business Management. Pethe was in the education field since last 10 years.16 students from Thailand to learn HindiWardha: About 16 students from Salipakoran University, Thailand came to Mahatma Gandhi International Hindi University for a one-month long course on Hindi, the vice-chancellor VN Rai said. He welcomed the students and said, \"This visit will definitely improve the relations between the two countries and generate a employment in tourism.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564527", "title": "'Wakf Board can't decide on dargah land on its own'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Amidst reports that the government is keen on settling the Manikonda village wakf property case amicably, the managing committee of Dargah Hazrath Hussain Shah Wali on Friday said the State Wakf Board alone cannot take the call. \"Any decision about the Manikonda property has to be taken jointly by the managing committee of the dargah and the State Wakf Board,\" committee president Syed Afzal Mahdi said.Mahdi is the president of the nine-member dargah managing committee which was reconstituted under Section 67 of the Wakf Act 1995 in January 2007 at the representation of the Mutawalli (caretaker) and Sajjadanasheen (heir of the saint) Syed Safiullah Hussaini. While the Mutawalli is not in the committee, his two sons Syed Mohammed Jani Hussaini and Syed Mohammed Gesudaraz Hussaini figure as vice-president and secretary respectively in the list.\"Any proposal that comes from the government or any other quarter to settle the matter out-of-court should be jointly approved by the board and the committee. Neither the board nor the committee can take the call singularly,\" Mahdi said.Manikonda village originally comprising 1898 acre was endowed to Dargah Hussain Shah Wali, a 17th century renowned Sufi saint, by the fifth Nizam Afzalud Dawla. But it could only become wakf property officially in 1935 when its records were incorporated in 'munthakhab', or the book of records. Though successive administrations have recognized the village as wakf property, the Chandrababu Naidu regime, believing it to be government property, started giving it away to MNCs and local business houses for setting up IT and IT related units. The YSR government continued the policy and sold away the land for a pittance. Indian School of Business, Maulana Azad National Urdu University, Microsoft, Wipro and Lanco Hills are some of the companies and institutions which now stand on Manikonda village that runs parallel to Gachibowli.According to sources, the government while pondering over the consequences of taking up the case in the Supreme Court is also exploring the possibility of reaching some settlement with the dargah managing committee and the SWB. It is said to have offered to begin negotiations by giving back to dargah the 250 acre that is still left unused in Manikonda. The sources said that since the ground reality has changed, there has to be an agreement wherein the dargah/SWB gets the same amount of land in compensation or its market value in cash.Mahdi, quoting documents, said that the income accruing from the wakf property in Manikonda has to be divided into three equal parts. One part would go to the managing committee, the other to the beneficiaries who have been named in the documents and the third would be used for the welfare of the Muslim community.\"We would like to develop facilities for the Muslims mainly in two fields-education and healthcare. There are various proposals that require discussion before we take any decision. The time for that has not come yet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564867", "title": "Breast cancer screening to be painless", "text": "CHENNAI: City-based scientists have developed a device that could make breast screening painless as compared to a conventional mammogram. Impressed with the results of the pilot study to test the device, the Indian Council of Medical Research has approved a multi-centric study with 18,000 women in six cancer hospitals across the country.The device, developed by the Indian Institute of Technology-Madras and radiologists from Vijaya Health Centre, screens breast tumours using infrared beams and thermal energy without compressing the breast, which causes discomfort and pain while undergoing mammography. The patient is made to lie down and an infrared camera below screens the breast thoroughly, without radiation.When blood flows to abnormal breast tissue, the area around such tissue gets warmer by one to three degrees Celsius, making it a 'hot spot'. The infrared camera picks up the abnormal tissues - such as cysts or tumours - based on this heat difference.Infrared cameras used earlier were ineffective as they took only the frontal image of the breast and missed lumps on the sides and below. \"This camera is mounted on a trolley to make a full circle. The screening process is simple and it does not require a radiologist,\" says Vijaya Scans radiologist Dr Sandeep Jaipurkar, who was part of the pilot study in 2011 to test the device.The pilot study found that two of 300 women had breast cancer , and the ICMR has ordered a detailed study. \"If the efficiency of this machine is the same as existing technology, we may soon have a cheaper mass screening method, minus the discomfort,\" said ICMR director Dr V M Katoch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "12563420", "title": "NCP, RPI leaders demand removal of tainted vice chancellor", "text": "WARDHA: NCP and RPI (A) leaders demanded sacking of tainted vice chancellor of the Hindi University, Vibhuti Narayan Rai, against whom the CJM of Wardha ordered an FIR in fake migration certificate case on April 2, however, the FIR was filed on Wednesday.The leaders demanded a high level inquiry during a press conference held two days after court order. They forced on a CBI inquiry against the alleged degree, scams and corruption of Rai.The district president of SC ST and other backward cell of NCP, Pradeep Vankhede said, \"The university is targeting students from the backward community, harassing them, rusticating them and issuing forged certificates,\" we demand strict action against the VC and the administration.He stated, \"Rai has been prima facie found involved in fake certificate case, CAG reports are raising objections on his financial misdeeds, MHRD and UGC raised questions on appointments made by him. He is patronizing professors engaged in plagiarism, we won't allow him to be on his post any more.\"He added, \"If he remains on the post he will destroy the evidence and tamper the documents to hamper the inquiry, he may also put pressure on police as being from IPS service,' he added.While Ashok Meshram, the Vidarbha general secretary of RPI (A), said, \"I had sent repeated applications to the Prime Minister, President, MHRD minister and UGC in 2011. All offices simply made eyewash query from the university. Hence my party and I demand immediate removal of Rai from the post.The leaders, united under the banner of Save Hindi Vishwavidyalya Social action group, are communicating with the President of India, visitor of the university and the Prime Minister and MHRD to remove Rai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569267", "title": "Celebs' foodie night", "text": "Some sumptuous Italian fare was the crowd puller at this event.Raza Murad caught up with foodie Siddharth Kak who was there with wife Geeta.Manmeet Singh and Karishma Modi, who've been spotted regularly on the party circuit this week, brought along daughter Samaira.Nisha Rawal and boyfriend Karan Mehra were there too, as was Gary Richardson , dressed in a shiny red shirt, and a knotted scarf, apart from Shradha Sharma and Amita Nangia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12559216", "title": "Sonakshi is multi-tasking", "text": "Sonakshi Sinha has been shooting constantly these days. The actress has almost completed shooting of the film Lootera, and is shooting for Salman Khan-starrer Dabangg2 and Ajay Devgn's Son Of Sardar simultaneously.Meanwhile, another forthcoming film of hers, Rowdy Rathore, in which she is paired opposite Akshay Kumar gears up for release in June. The actress has been actively involved in the promotions of the film.Sonakshi has been travelling constantly from Mumbai to Patiala where she is shooting Son Of Sardar. Speaking about her tight schedule she said, \"I finished an awesome first schedule of Dabangg 2 yesterday. Launched the trailer of Rrowdy Rathore somewhere in the middle. Now in Patiala for the shoot of Son of Sardar that starts from tomorrow. Lost some sleep along the way.\"The actress will have a long list of films this year - Rowdy Rathore, Lootera, Joker, Dabangg2 and Son Of Sardar. Hope all her hard work pays off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564063", "title": "Patna high court seeks government report on encephalitis", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday directed the state government to file a detailed report on the steps taken to check the break out of encephalitis in Gaya district this summer. The disease breaks out every year in Gaya and its surrounding districts and had last year claimed the lives of around 80 children.In November 2011 too, the court had asked the state government to submit a detailed report on the measures it had taken to treat and control encephalitis cases, especially in Magadh region.The Friday's order was passed by a division bench comprising Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh on a PIL filed by one Dhirendra Kumar of Gaya district.In his PIL, the petitioner had referred to the lacklustre state of health services in Gaya district and demanded that a team be sent to the encephalitis-prone areas to assess the situation. The high court had on March 14 this year directed the state health department to send a team of doctors to encephalitis-prone areas in Gaya district. It had also directed the health department and other departments concerned to take preventive measures in areas which were recently under the grip of encephalitis.Petitioner's lawyer Sunil Kumar said, \"The court on Friday also sought to know from the government how many doctors has it posted in Gaya to check encephalitis, their names and date of commencement of their service. It also asked the government to file other details, including supply of drugs in the district to check the disease.\"The court had earlier asked the petitioner to file a representation before the chief secretary for his consideration and suitable action on his plea for improvement in health services in Gaya district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564733", "title": "PIL seeks contempt against officials for manual scavenging", "text": "CHENNAI: Despite a stringent judicial order imposing blanket ban on forcing men down manholes to clear sewer lines, a total of 11 persons had been asphyxiated during the past 13 months, a contempt petition has informed the Madras high court.The petition has been filed before the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam by A Narayanan, who had brought the social menace of employment of manual scavengers by various civic bodies including Chennai Corporation and government agencies including the Metrowater. The bench has adjourned the matter by two weeks for further hearing.In August 2009, the court had banned manual cleaning of sewers and directed the authorities to publicize the ban on the engagement of men to clear sewers and drainages and septic tanks.In his present petition, Narayanan contended that on February 22, 2011, when three sanitary workers were killed when they entered a septic tank in Coimbatore. Since then eight more had been killed till last month, he said, adding that on March 26, 2012, two sanitary workers died inside a sewage tank at Saidapet here. Two each died in similar incidents at Avadi on March 9 and at Thiruvottiyur on December 18, 2011. Two others died in two separate incidents in Coimbatore and Chennai in February this year.The contempt petition, however, appreciated the government's efforts such as procurement of de-silting machines mechanizing sewage cleaning operations, and orders prohibiting people entering sewage lines, manholes and septic tanks.Noting that the recommendations of the 13-member high-level committee headed by the chairman of the Metrowater were not being implemented promptly, it said the meetings were not being conducted frequently and regularly. \"There is an urgent need to ensure that the directions of the court are complied with and the special committee formed by the court is made meaningful and outcome-oriented,\" it said, seeking appropriate directions to the authorities to put an end to the exploitation of the unorganized workers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12571441", "title": "Goa cabinet expansion tomorrow", "text": "PANAJI: Goa chief minister Manohar Parrikar will induct six more ministers tommorow, in the first ever cabinet expansion since the BJP-led government took over the reins in the state.Parrikar told mediapersons that one ministry will be left vacant and a decision on it would be taken by April end.Goa Governor K Shankarnarayanan will give oath to four BJP legislators, one Maharashtrawadi Gomantak Party (MGP) and an independent tomorrow at Raj Bhavan at 4 pm.Parrikar said he has recommended names of BJP legislators Ramesh Tawadkar, Milind Naik, Dilip Parulekar, Mahadeo Naik along with Dipak Dhavalikar (MGP) and Avertano Furtado (Independent) for the cabinet expansion.Earlier, on March 9, six ministers including Parrikar were sworn in. One minister, Matanhy Saldanha, who was given Science, Environment and Forest portfolio died due to massive cardiac arrest.The BJP-led alliance had won the March 3 assembly polls with a landslide margin defeating the incumbent Congress.The government was formed with the support of 21 BJP members, three MGP and an independent legislator.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12564490", "title": "Country bombs seized from fishing boat in Kanyakumari", "text": "MADURAI: Police seized a cache of country bombs from a fishing boat in Muttom coastal village in Kanyakumari district.The presence of the consignment came to light when one of the country bombs exploded. The police immediately launched a search and seized the bombs, but a sub-inspector suffered injuries in his arms and abdomen when he was involved in diffusing the bomb. Police said that a section of the villagers had made the bombs in a bid to attack another group of villagers with whom they had a clash.Police traced the clash between the villagers of Muttom to Christmas last year when two groups attacked each other due to previous enmity. One person was killed in the clash when a country bomb was hurled at him while few others were injured. Police had booked cases on as many as 40 people from both sides in the village.Even after a lapse of three of months normalcy was eluding the village and there were minor clashes between the villagers all through the period. Meanwhile, villagers residing at various places returned to Muttom in view of Easter festival when rivalry sparked fresh bout of clashes between them.Anticipating violence, a large posse of police was deployed in the village. Despite the police presence, a fisherman belonging to one of the groups was assaulted by members of the rival group two days back near Ponnathoppu area leading to a clash between the villagers. Police had registered cases on 21 persons and had tightened grip on the villagers.In this backdrop, a country bomb hidden in an abandoned boat in Muttom coast exploded on Thursday night fuelling tension in the locality. Police immediately sprung into action and raided all the boats in the coast. They found 64 country bombs concealed in a boat.The police seized the bombs and were immersed into buckets of water when one of the bombs exploded injuring Murugesan, a sub-inspector with the bomb detection and disposal squad. With injuries in arms and abdomen, he was rushed to a private hospital in Nagercoil where his condition is stated to be stable.Additional police personnel were deployed in the village after the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569332", "title": "Nikhil Dwivedi in 'Arjun' remake", "text": "There is a plethora of sequels and remakes in Bollywood these days and one such upcoming remake is of Sunny Deol's yesteryears blockbuster Arjun.Actor Nikhil Dwivedi, who's busy promoting Hate Story and also shooting for Tamanchey, has bagged a role in this remake.Confirming the news Nikhil says, \" Yes , my next film is Arjun, which is a remake of Sunny Deol's hit film. Discussions are on and most probably Sanjay Puran Singh Chauhan will direct it. So, I'm looking forward to it.\" With five old and two upcoming films to the actor's credit, ask Nikhil if he's focusing on serious or particular roles and he replies, \"I am focusing on good script not role. Because, if the script is good then a good role is already there.\" With such a packed schedule, does he find time for his family? \"My wife is very supportive and I'm proud to have her as a life partner. She has a great contribution in making my work good. And I spend as much time I can with her after my work\"\", says he.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564090", "title": "Money drawn from ex-teacher's account illegally", "text": "PATNA: A sum of Rs 55,000 was fraudulently drawn from the account of one Jai Narayan Rastogi from Mehnar branch of State Bank of India (SBI) in Meerut in Uttar Pradesh on March 30.Rastogi, a retired professor and resident of Tilak Marg, Patna, has lodged a written complaint with S K Puri police station in this connection on Thursday.S K Puri police station SHO B P Gupta said that Rastogi has account in Anandpuri branch of SBI at Patna. The SHO said that Rastogi recently found Rs 55,000 had been drawn from his account fraudulently.\"Rastogi had recently donated some amount to a Meerut-based Harischandra Committee through two cheques,\" Gupta said and added that it seems that someone has used those cheques to draw the amount from his account.The police are investigating the case, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12563673", "title": "Motocross national champion Veer Patel calls it a day", "text": "VADODARA: City lad Veer Patel, who became country's first private racer to win MRF National Motocross Championship in 2009, has decided to call it a day from competitive racing tournaments. The biker said that he will participate for the last time in this year's national motocross championship and try to win it.Patel, the youngest biker to participate in national motocross tourney, had announced his arrival on national circuit in style by bagging the national championship and participating in several important races.Patel couldn't participate fully in the last two national motocross tournaments due to injuries. An injury that he suffered during national championship in 2010 changed the course of his life. \"I suffered from back and knee injuries during the 2010 championships forcing me to quit midway. I underwent surgery and after some rest resumed practice. But, the pain from that injury sustained. So I decided to hang my boots and focus on my business,\" Patel told TOI.\"I tried to focus on regaining the championship in 2011 and I was doing well at second position in the motocross championship. However, I broke my hand during practice session in USA and had to miss national contest that year too. I am quitting the competitive games due to constant injuries,\" Patel said. He, however, added that he will continue to participate in the supercross races for fun.This year being his last national contest, Patel is aspiring to win the championship title and quit in style. \"I want to give it my best shot and I have already begun practising. I am thankful to everyone who helped me in my racing career,\" he said and added that he will focus on real estate and construction in the second lap of his life.The thrill of making roaring motorbikes fly in air and wade through mounds of mud at top speed attracted the youngster to the game of supercross. He had started practising the game at his farmhouse in the outskirts of the city and later underwent professional training at Donnie Hansen Motocross Academy. He had also participated in the Asian Motocross Championship in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12563304", "title": "Vedas, slokas to calm young minds", "text": "KOLKATA: A class IX student of a school lost her project work which she was supposed to submit for evaluation the next day. When probed, teachers found out that the project was stolen by her classmate who made minor changes and submitted the same. The girl who stole it simply took an easy way out from doing her own project work.Two class III kids of a Boys' school badly fought, leaving one of them injured. He had to be admitted to a hospital for a couple of days. The injured boy's parents complained to the school authorities. The student who was accused of hurting the boy was a known bully in school. He had a habit of regularly beating up his school mates, taking advantage of his larger physique.Aggression among students, bullies in schools and rise in crimes by children has forced some city schools to impart value education to calm child tempers. Children are made to chant from the Vedas, sing hymns, recite slokas and read out phrases from Gita. This is the latest mantra to instill peace in a child's mind and pacify their aggressive behaviour. Weekly classes are being introduced in several schools for children between classes I to VIII.\"This is a way in which the present generation of students can get back to their traditional roots. The mantras are considered to be the best to develop a bond among individuals,\" said principal of Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School Malini Bhagat. Her school will introduce chanting classes from the current session.\"We are trying to inculcate values among kids. The chanting classes will bring composure in mind, make them focused, help them develop concentration and inculcate peace and harmony. Values are imbibed through activities done in chorus, making students more disciplined,\" she added.Lakshmipat Singhania Academy, too, is set to incorporate chanting classes from this session. \"Till now, we had held workshops in order to cultivate moral values. Now, we will organize weekly classes for each section. They will chant from Vedic Slokas, read out phrases from epics and Gita.\"Students can't handle things themselves. There is a lot of aggression among kids. Chanting mantras will only bring about a balance in young minds. Moreover, Sanskrit is the mother of all Indian languages. It will ensure a wonderful bonding among kids when they come together and chant. It will also bring stability among them,\" said principal Meena Kak.Another school on AJC Bose Road affiliated to CBSE is hosting lessons for children between classes I to IV. \"They read out scriptures and prayers from mythology. It is good for mental development of children. It is mandatory for children to attend the classes,\" said the principal of the girls' school.The schools are mostly hiring professionals to conduct classes . Schools like DPS Ruby Park have, however, made it a point to make children chant hymns and prayers in the morning assembly, said Paramita Datta, middle school coordinator. Ballygunj Shiksha Sadan principal Sunita Sen said, \"We try to create a secular environment in the school. Our value learning is imparted through screening short films which imbibes the right attitude among children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "12564051", "title": "3 years, 6 inquiries later, paddy scam still on", "text": "FEROZEPUR: Putting a big question mark over transparency claims of the state government, the multi-crore scam in the state in which paddy worth Rs 8 crore was misappropriated, allegedly by rice millers in connivance with government officials, has not moved forward even after a series of inquiries.Now, the state government has again changed the probing agency in the December, 2009 case, from the state crime branch to the Ferozepur police for reasons not known.A total 1,92,973 bags of paddy belonging to Pungrain were found missing from the Noor Rice Mill in Ferozepur, during a verification conducted by Sukhdev Singh, the then district food and supplies officer, Ferozepur, on December 8, 2009.On the same day, the food and supplies department had lodged an FIR against rice miller Satwinder Singh, Inderneel Singh, his wife Devinder Kaur and others at the Ferozepur rural police station.The investigation was handed over to the CIA staff, Ferozepur.The police arrested Inderneel and some officials on December 22, 2009. On January 11, 2010, the then chief secretary SC Aggarwal, ordered a vigilance probe but on January 22, 2010, the chief secretary again ordered a new probe by the state crime branch.But the local police did not hand over the case file to the crime branch and continued with its work.On February 3, 2010, police also arrested Sukhdev Singh, who had unearthed the scam, but no efforts were made to recover the missing paddy. Police after taking the approval of the district attorney, presented the challan in the court on February 26, 2010.The Bathinda Range DIG had started a fresh probe into the case and sought permission from the trial court for reinvestigation after he found flaws in the challan.Thereafter, a three-member special investigation team (SIT), headed by the SP (H) of Moga was constituted. Later, the investigation was handed over to the IG, Bathinda Range, and then to the crime branch.The crime branch arrested many bigwigs of the area, including Jora Singh, a member of the Ferozepur Cantonment Board; Gurbhej Singh, sarpanch of Bahadur Wala village; Sukhdev Singh, a rice miller; and many others. It submitted a challan against them in the court for the trial to begin.However, the state government has now again given investigation back to Ferozepur police, which is likely to hamper the trial of the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "fatehabad (haryana)", "code": "12571183", "title": "Five women pilgrims killed on their way to Dera Sacha Sauda", "text": "Fatehabad (Haryana): Five women pilgrims on their way to Sirsa-based religious sect Dera Sacha Sauda were killed and 25 others injured when the mini-truck they were travelling in collided with a tractor-trolley near Badopal village here today.The accident occurred this morning on Sirsa-Delhi National Highway when the hook of the trolley came off from the tractor and the driver lost control over the wheels and hit the truck, police said.All the pilgrims were from Hisar's Mill Gate area. The injured were taken to Agroha Medical College Hospital in Hisar, police said. Condition of three of the injured was sated to be critical.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573943", "title": "Power generation from waste nowhere on agenda", "text": "VARANASI: If one has the notion that the garbage being collected from door to door from residential areas of the city will be contributing to the production of electricity, it is the greatest folly one can commit. While the city's sanitary condition is screaming of apathy, the production of electricity from solid waste is nowhere mentioned in the project which is proposed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewable Mission (JNNURM).According to additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, the project states only about the collection of garbage and converting it into manures and fertilizers. \"The refuse driven fuel (RDF), which will be produced on dehydrating the solid waste like plastic and biodegrable garbage, can be used in a number of ways for the generation of electricity and it can be purchased and utilised by coal power plants and other industries,\" he admits.On the other hand, Anupam Pandey, senior manager, A2Z confirmed that the production of electricity from solid waste is the company's concept but is nowhere mentioned in the plan of JNNURM. \"Untill and unless the bulk of RDF is not collected, generation of power is not thinkable. The plan is still under consideration and there is no land purchased yet for the fulfillment of the plan,\" informed Pandey.It would be noteworthy that talking to media persons in a press conference in June 2011, A2Z vice-president Kaushalendra Pandey, corporate social responsibility (CSR) head Abhishek Kumar and deputy general manager AM Jose had said the process of composting would begin by September 2011, while in the next phase, project of 10 MW power generation would also get started by December end. He had also said that the land required for the power project would be purchased very soon. Definitely it is a contradiction to the present status of the plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "12564001", "title": "CAG asks state to control its runaway expenditure", "text": "SHIMLA: Highlighting Himachal Pradesh's accumulated public debt of Rs 26,415 crore, the Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) pointed out that containing runaway expenditure and improving collection of non-tax revenue could help the state in its path of fiscal correction and reduce dependence upon central funds.In the report tabled in the Vidhan Sabha on Friday, the CAG recommended increasing tax compliance, reducing tax administration costs, collecting revenue arrears and pruning unproductive expenditure to curtail the deficit.Making a reference to commitments made in the 2010-11 budget speech, the CAG pointed out that against the budgeted total expenditure of Rs 15,078.92 crore for the year, the government spent 15,961.60 crore. The pension expenditure, which was Rs 1,850 crore, exceeded estimates by Rs 255.39 crore.Compliance of financial reporting showed that utilization certificates (UCs) for Rs 907.68 crore had not been received till March, 2011, which included 262 UCs worth Rs 29.03 crore being delayed by more the five years.Departmental proceedings and criminal investigations in 48 cases involving misappropriation of Rs 79.78 lakh spanning 1 to 25 year period was still to be initiated.In five years, government's liabilities have increased from Rs 18,071 crore in 2006-07 to Rs 26,415 crore in 2010-11, an increase of 46.17%.Transfers and grants-in-aid from the Central government constituted 58% of total state revenue receipts, the report mentioned. Concern was expressed at rising expenditure of Rs 5,951 crore on wages and salaries, which was higher by 33% (Rs 1,496 crore) over the previous year.The government borrowings between 2006-11 were at an average interest of 8.81% but its investments of Rs 2,864 crore in statutory corporations, rural banks, joint stock companies and cooperatives was only earning 1.78% returns.An excess expenditure of Rs 1,444.32 crore incurred during 2008-10 that was permitted by the state legislature was yet to be regularized and for the year 2010-11 an excess expenditure of Rs 2237.64 crore also needed to regularized, the auditor pointed out.In a performance review of the public distribution system (PDS), the auditor mentioned that while a 2006-07 survey recorded 2.82 lakh below poverty line (BPL) families out of 11.83 lakh families in the state but the government adopted 5.14 lakh BPL families as estimated by the Central government in the year 2000. This has impacted the state's allocation of foodgrains.Censuring the state for not weeding out ineligible and bogus ration cards, the CAG also pointed out that deficient quality controls led to 2,066.47 metric tonnes (MTs) of pulses and 1167.26 MTs of foodgrains being supplied to consumers.About functioning of sewerage schemes, the auditor said that Rs 12.33 crore made available to Shimla under JNNURM during 2009-10 till September, 2011, remained utilized. Targets of completing 16 sewerage schemes elsewhere during 2006-11 were short by as much as 69%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565667", "title": "Mumbai fans will have to come up to Kiwale", "text": "PUNE: Cricket fans coming from Mumbai by the expressway will have to travel up to Kiwale junction (the end of the expressway on the Pune side), and go to the stadium via a service road which starts at Kiwale junction, and runs parallel to the expressway.District superintendent of police, Pune rural S S Solunke said people coming from Mumbai by the expressway will be able to see the stadium on the left while they are travelling. However, they should not stop on the expressway as there is no direct access from the expressway to the stadium. \"After seeing the stadium, people coming from Mumbai may believe that there could be an access nearby. This is not so. They will have to reach Kiwale junction first,\" Solunke said.While approaching the Kiwale junction, keep left and take the Kiwale exit and then take a right turn to reach the service road reaching the stadium.After the end of the match, people returning to Mumbai should go by the Dehu Road-Katraj bypass and head towards Somatne phata where an exit road will lead to the expressway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564492", "title": "Government appoints new member for AP Electricity Regulatory Commission", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state government appointed R Ashoka Chary, chief engineer (commercial) in the electricity department, as the member of AP Electricity Regulatory Commission (APERC). The step was taken following the recommendation of a selection committee headed by Justice P Lakshmana Reddy.Chary fills the vacancy of a member in the commission which has been lying vacant for the last six months. Currently, the commission is running with the chairman and a member. The second member post is now filled. The post of a member in the APERC is equivalent to the status of a high court judge.Justice Lakshmana Reddy along with the state's chief secretary went through the 62 applications filed for the post. Of this, 19 were from the electricity department.The selection panel shortlisted two names and the state chose Ashoka Chary after considering his experience in the field.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "12565744", "title": "Villagers vent their anger at Ramdas", "text": "MYSORE: Gattawadipura in Nanjangud taluk, like many other villages in its surroundings, is nondescript. As summer advances, the villagers scamper for potable drinking water. Javara Nayaka has not gone to Mysore looking for work. Getting two pots of water has now become his new job.The village, with some 800 population in perennially drought-hit Dodda Kavalande hobli in Nanjangud, has not been getting piped water, and mini-water supply too has failed them as the 650-foot deep borewell has gone dry. The only source of water is a hand borewell located 2 km from the village. It operates only when there is power supply, which is a rarity. Villagers like Javara Nayaka are opting to source water instead of heading to Mysore for daily labour.\"Yen madodu, neeru bekalwaa? (What to do? We need water),\" the 50-plus Nayaka explained. The family of four has been suffering with one of its breadwinners fetching water. With the water crisis hitting nadir this summer, they are taking shifts to fetch water. \"We'll lose Rs 200 daily for not working. We can sustain in what we earn daily. But what is pressing is drinking water,\" he said, sharing their plight.At Gattawadi, district minister S A Ramdas and a host of officials were questioned severely on Friday when they went to check drought-relief works there. The situation turned worse at Gattawadipura when the entourage is mobbed by angry women with empty pots. Police intervened to pacify the crowd, but Ramdas didn't want to stay there for long. When the media asked him for his reaction, he said: \"Not here. We'll talk at some other village.\"Ahead of chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda's meeting to review drought relief in the district, the minister wanted to tour rural areas to see the ground realities. The lapses and with claims of official machinery got exposed within 30 minutes of the tour. On Thursday, DC P S Vastrad had told a meting on drought relief chaired by Ramdas that Rs 3.5 crore is released for drought-relief works and drinking water needs. The release of funds hardly has made any impact on the villagers, who were seething with anger in the wake of water crisis and fodder shortage.Villagers of Halepura complained to the minister that power is supplied irregularly, disrupting water supply. \"The huge lake in the village is dry. If the water tank was filled, it would have recharged the borwell at least,\" they told Ramdas. A taluk official admitted that Rs 1.5 crore spent by the minor irrigation department to draw water to the water body has failed. \"The money has gone down the drain,\" he said.What has angered the villagers this dry spell is the fact that Kapila (Kabini) river flows some 30 km from the severely drought-hit areas but there are no efforts to mitigate their sufferings. \"When you can fetch Kabini water to Bangalore, the government can very well get us too,\" an angry villager thundered at the visiting team. Women crowding borewells was a common sight in rural Nanjangud.The district minister said he will focus on the drinking water in the villages under dry spell and the district administration has opened fodder bank to ease the supply. Speaking to reporters after touring villages in Dodda Kavalande hobli, he said there are technical problems which has led to the deepening of the crisis. \"But we will tackle it,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563550", "title": "Court acquits man in 11-year-old abduction case", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man sentenced to one year in jail by a magisterial court in a 1997 kidnapping case has been acquitted by a sessions court. The court noted that a three-year-old child remembering his kidnapper's face 11 years after the incident is \"not believable\".Additional Sessions Judge (ASJ) said the child's statement was recorded after eleven years and it was unlikely that a three-year-old would remember the face of his kidnapper after such a long time. The sessions court's order came on an appeal by the convict, challenging the magisterial court's order which had, on June 27, 2011, sentenced Bihar native Satya Mandal to a year in jail and slapped a fine of Rs 3,000 on him for kidnapping the child.\"Undoubtedly victim had attributed role to the appellant in his kidnapping.But then, it has to be remembered that when the incident occurred, he was a child aged three years. He was examined in the court for the first time on September 6, 2008, almost eleven years after the alleged kidnapping,\" the court said.\"It is not believable that a child of hardly three years of age would remember the face of the kidnapper eleven years after the incident,\" said the ASJ, while discharging the convict and also pointing out that the police had not got the child's statement recorded before the magistrate soon after his recovery.\"Clearly, the possibility of the statement having been doctored cannot be ruled out,\" the court said, setting aside the magisterial court's ruling and discharging the convict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565859", "title": "We stuck to norms: Ashirwad members", "text": "Embattled members of the controversial Ashirwad Cooperative Housing Society at Andheri have claimed that the government had approved their membership and they had followed all due procedures in securing allotment of flats in the society. The members are currently facing heat over alleged violations in a yet-tobe-released Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report over allotment of flats. Possession of the flats, they contested, is yet to be handed over and there is no question of a conflict of interests. TOI had reported the alleged violations on April 5.\"This was just a proposed society and we still haven't got possession of the flats. As far as my personal interest is concerned , I don't even own a flat in Rajyog as is being claimed by the CAG,\" said parliamentary affairs minister Harshwardhan Patil whose wife has been allotted a flat with a carpet area of 99.67 sq m, even as her disclosed income entitled her to one with a carpet area of 27.87 to 60.40 sq m. Rajyog is another society created for MLAs, MPs and government officials at Versova. The CAG report said that Patil is a member of Rajyog society. \"The lady member was allotted irregularly. Moreover, the husband of the same member is chief promoter and member of Rajyog Society,\" the report stated.In 2004, as many as 44 members , including MLAs from various parties and senior government officers, were allotted a plot for 'housing'. The land was allotted on payment of a concessional occupancy price in relation to the members' income. For 60.4 sq m carpet area, the price was approved as 15% of the market value, and for 100 sq m, it was fixed at 20% of the market value.Possession of the land was handed over in 2005 and an agreement signed between the collector and the society in 2009. A lot allegedly went wrong in the meanwhile. The CAG, upon scrutiny of the list of the society members, said it found that 11 of the public representatives whose membership was approved by the government, had disclosed monthly income in the range of Rs 2,500 and Rs 12,500. Being non-government servants, they were entitled to flats of a carpet area of 27.87 to 60.40 sq m. However, they were allotted those with a carpet area of 99.67 sq m.Moreover, the existing rules did not include the term 'public representatives' , but the grant of a flat was enabled by a government resolution (GR) issued on July 1, 1999. This was just an administrative policy. Without this GR, the politicians would have had the status of non-government servants. While doing this, no amendment was made to the existing provision. The members deny knowing of the complicated intricacies.\"The allotment was made by the then chief minister Sushilkumar Shinde and I had just become an MLA during the time. I didn't know much of the procedural rigmarole, but decided to become a member upon showing an agriculture income of Rs 5,400. To be honest, that was my actual source of income from farmland many years ago,\" said former MLA from Shrirampur Jayant M Sasane, a member in the society.Some of the members, CAG found, had acquired flats in both Ashirwad and Rajyog. This was a violation of the land laws prevalent at the time. \"This is an old allotment and as I far I remember, all the members had followed due procedure while disclosing their income,\" said Sanjay Deotale, then an MLA from Chandrapur and now minister for cultural affairs and environment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564835", "title": "Businessmen campaign to save Indian student in US", "text": "CHENNAI: A group of businessmen in the state is campaigning for the release of Dharun Ravi , a 20-year-old Tamil-origin student in the US who is awaiting the mercy of the White House following the suicide of his roommate Tyler Clementi. The idea is to collect 25,000 signatures for an online petition on a web page of the White House which would enable a review of the case.The case was that Dharun shot a video of an intimate encounter of Clementi with another man and aired it in his friends' circle. Dharun was 18, a student of Rutgers, the state university of New Jersey when the incident happened in 2010.T V Selvan, a businessman based in Chennai and a classmate of Dharun's father Ravi Pazhani, who is coordinating the campaign from India said though the court had found him guilty, it was also proved that he had not recorded or broadcast any videos.\"Every witness has said that Ravi had no hatred towards gays. We are also campaigning through Facebook and Twitter for the signature campaign titled Support Dharun Ravi,\" said Selvan.Selvan and a group of friends who studied together in the late 1980s with Pazhani are busy collecting signatures for the petition on White House complaint cell 'We The People.' \"Number of signatures needed for the petition by April 15 is 25,000 and there were 10,839 signatures till Friday. If we reach the target, the White House will review the case. The campaign is open for international citizens,\" said Selvan.Dharun who was found guilty on March 16, 2011 is now facing charges of hate crime, evidence tampering and invasion of privacy, for secretly using a webcam to spy on his roommate's liaison with another man in their dorm room. Reporting a series of trials, The New York Times reported that Ravi was not charged with Clementi's death. Quoting legal experts, NYT reported Ravi was being punished for it and that this would result only in ruining another young life. \"They, along with Ravi's lawyers, had argued that the case was criminalizing simple boorish behavior,\" said the paper.Dharun was arrested in September 2010 after he tweeted and sent out text messages encouraging others to watch a video he captured using his webcam. Dharun's sentencing is scheduled on May 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12564566", "title": "Rs 1,800 crore aid to drought-hit ryots", "text": "Stating that compensation to the tune of Rs 1,800 crore will be disbursed to the farmers who lost crops due to drought, agriculture minister Kanna Lakshminarayana on Friday said that the government was ready to take steps to provide relief to the ryots.He added that the government had decided to purchase paddy through different agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564054", "title": "Patna high court drops contempt case against Pathak", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Friday dropped proceedings against ex-HRD secretary K K Pathak in a case of criminal contempt of court following his order to recover excess payment from university teachers despite the court order not to take any coercive action against them.The court had issued a warrant of arrest against Pathak on March 16 in this connection, though it had said that it could consider granting him bail if he gave an undertaking to appear before it on the next date of hearing on April 6. The warrant was issued as Pathak did not appear before the court on March 16 in response to its summons issued on March 2. Pathak is currently on central deputation, posted as joint secretary in the Union home ministry.A division bench comprising Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain dropped criminal proceedings against Pathak as he appeared in the court on Friday. AAG Ray Shivaji Nath said Pathak, during his appearance before the court, offered unconditional apology and said that he has highest regard for the court. After hearing Pathak's plea, the court dropped proceedings against him, the AAG said, adding the arrest warrant issued earlier against Pathak now stood null and void.A single bench of Justice Navaniti Prasad Singh had initiated suo motu contempt proceedings against Pathak in September 2010, after he, as the then HRD secretary, ordered for recovery of excess payment from teachers. Earlier, while hearing the petitions of PU teachers, the court had ordered that no coercive action should be taken. During the civil contempt proceedings, Pathak did not respond to repeated summons issued by the single bench. He was even fined Rs 25,000 for defying the court order. The single bench later initiated criminal contempt proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569389", "title": "Karan Mehra's girlfriend to debut on TV", "text": "Karan 'Naitik' Mehra's girlfriend Nisha Rawal will be seen in a negative avatar a la Priyanka Chopra from AitraazWhile beau Karan Mehra has already tasted fame with the success of Rajan Shahi's Yeh Rishta Kya Kehlata Hai, girlfriend Nisha Rawal is still trying to get a foothold in the industry.And after declining several TV soaps, Rawal is tipped to finally make her television debut with Life OK's Main Lakshmi Tere Aangan Ki and that too in a negative role. According to sources, her character will be similar to Bollywood actress Priyanka Chopra's in Aitraaz.Informs a source, \"\"Nisha will reprise Priyanka Chopra's negative character from Aitraaz. She will play Sudeep Sahir's ex on the show. Her entry in the show will lead to a love triangle in Arjun's (Sudeep Sahir) life, who is set to marry Lakshmi (Shraddha Arya). When contacted, Rawal said, \"\"I am not in a position to comment on this. I hope to get a clearer picture in a few days.\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564096", "title": "Patna University to introduce computerized evaluation of answer-books", "text": "PATNA: Patna University (PU) is to introduce computerized evaluation of answer-sheets of undergraduate examinees of Part I honours in arts, science and commerce streams this year.PU has reportedly entered into an agreement with the Bangalore-based firm, Mind Logic Infratech Ltd., for evaluation of answer-books, and tabulation as well as publication of results. The organization would also prepare the mark-sheets and certificates of the examinees. The PU syndicate has already given its nod to this ambitious project.PU computer centre in-charge K P Singh, on Friday, said all the coded answer-books would be scanned and uploaded in computers. To start with, only the answer-books of Degree Part-I honours examinees in arts, science and commerce streams would be scanned and uploaded this year. Examiners would be provided codes before handing over computers for evaluation. Once they enter their codes, examiners would be able to access the answer-books they have to evaluate and give marks for every answer. They need not total the marks, which would be done by software installed in the computers. The results would be published within two to three days of evaluation of answer-books, Singh said.If everything worked to the plans, the entire examination process, right from printing of question papers to preparing mark-sheets and certificates of all the undergraduate and postgraduate examinations, would be handed over to the firm. This system would ensure timely publication of examination results.PU science faculty dean Upendra Kishore Sinha said the university has also decided to appoint 50 per cent internal and rest of external examiners, who will have to come here, for evaluating the answer-books of undergraduate and postgraduate students of conventional as well as vocational courses with a view to expediting timely evaluation and maintaining uniformity in awarding of marks.A few years ago, it had been decided to computerize the examination system of all the universities in the state. A Mumbai-based firm had also demonstrated its software which was highly appreciated by the vice-chancellors of all the universities. But, for some unknown reasons, that did not materialize.However, academicians are still apprehensive about the success of this system. \"In a university, where more than 50 per cent teachers still do not know how to operate computers, the success of the new system appears doubtful,\" said a senior teacher of a social science faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12572373", "title": "18-kg malignant tumour surgically removed from 18-year-old patient", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Doctors at the Post-graduate Institute of Medical Sciences Rohtak have successfully removed a malignant tumour weighing about 18 kilogramme by chopping foot of an 18-year-old patient.The patient was suffering from Osteosarcoma, a high grade bone cancer.The operation was conducted yesterday and lasted for two-and-a-half hours, a spokesman of the PGIMS said today.He said that it was about one-and-a-half year ago that the patient, Arvind, hailing from Madina village had come to the institute for treatment.He was found suffering from malignancy in his leg which would have to be chopped off, but his relatives started treatment from somewhere else and during the period the tumour increased in size by ten times thus rendering him immovable.Yesterday, he again returned to the OPD of the institute and doctors decided to operate him without any delay.A PGIMS doctor said that had this tumour not been separated from his body, it could have burst creating more complications for the patient.The spokesman said that the patient would recover soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12563331", "title": "Schoolkids stung by 'brand' bug", "text": "KOLKATA: Look up anywhere in the city and you'll inevitably catch hold of smiling faces of film stars or cricketers on hoardings, endorsing everything under the sun - from fashion wear to soaps, fairness creams to high-end cars. Worst still, the omnipresence of brand consciousness has started having its impact on the young brains of the schoolkids. So much so that students have started holding those in high esteem who have in possession the best of the market. Picture this:A Class-XI student of Birla High School was gifted a Honda City on his birthday by his parents.A student of Class VII at Lakshmipat Singhania Academy was found wearing a Rolex watch to school.A plus II student of Modern High School flaunts a ritzy iPhone 4 that she got it from the US.A Delhi Public School student insisted on a pair of Calvin Klein jeans and a Zara dress for her 15th birthday. \"I had to wear the Zara dress for my birthday party because that was the dress code. Of course, I had to stick to it because it was my party,\" rationalized Vidhika Mehta.The list could go on and on as school campuses have become the \"flaunting\" ground of trendy bags, swanky gadgets, limited edition pens, imported watches, designer clothes and what not? The situation has grown so out of proportion that schoolteachers have already hit the panic button. They believe such indulgence comes with side-effects that would not help the society at large.\"Parents spoil their kids by giving them expensive gifts. I don't understand the need to use high-end stuff at such a tender age,\" said Meena Kak, principal of Lakshmipat Singhania Academy. What she finds even more appalling is that this trend starts in Class III itself.\"We often hold seminars and lectures to tell the children of the flip side of being so brand-crazy,\" Kak said.Birla High School principal Mukta Nain rued, \"Peer pressure is getting on the nerves of the students. They are always trying to outdo their friends.\" Nain feels that brand consciousness is not a new phenomenon among youngsters but it has reached a point of obsession where they refuse to hear a 'no'.The problem is spreading at such an alarming rate that school authorities are finding it extremely difficult to cope with. There are many students who are not able to keep up with the brand frenzy and suffer from inferiority complex. \"This puts a mounting pressure on those who are not able to pocket such luxuries. This is bringing behavioral changes in them,\" said Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School principal Malini Bhagat. Some are even resorting to theft to give their friends competition.What's even more intriguing is that more than the kids it is their parents who are jumping into the brand bandwagon. Hence schools are finding it difficult to crack the whip on students. Bhagat narrates an incident where a Class-XI student lost a very expensive phone. \"I couldn't understand how such an expensive phone can go missing from campus. We even narrowed down on a staff who might have taken the phone,\" recalled Bhagat. But the remark made by the student's father left Bhagat and other teachers speechless. The parent felt that the school was too concerned about the lost phone and he didn't mind giving his daughter another fancy phone.Parents also resort to bribery to discipline their children. At times kids go out of hand. Anisha Marwah, a mother of a teen had to buy an expensive dress for her daughter's fashion show at school. \"Mihika had become defiant and aggressive. She stopped eating because I refused to get her that dress,\" she said. \"I had to stand out in the fashion show. There was no way I could let anyone else win the title,\" said Mihika.Teachers, academics and counsellors feel that it is the parents who are to be blamed. \"Being label hungry is the order of the day. Even kindergarten students today flaunt fancy lunch boxes, branded bangs and water bottles. I feel it's the parents who introduce the young ones to the world of brands,\" said psychiatrist Amarnath Mallick.Kolkata: Big brands have not only invaded the classroom space but also become the measure of popularity quotient among peers leaving city schools battling a class divide among students.A class XI student of Birla High School was gifted a Honda City on his birthday by his parents. His friends bestowed him with the 'most popular' tag.A student of class VII at Lakshmipat Singhania Academy was found wearing a Rolex watch to school.A plus II student of Modern High School flaunts a ritzy iPhone 4 that she got it from the Americas on its launch.At Mahadevi Birla Girls' Higher Secondary School, a class V student forced her parents to buy her the limited edition Mont Blanc pen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12555878", "title": "Divya Bharti\u2019s life on screen", "text": "Vikram Sandhu is making a biopic on the life and times of the actress, the circumstances around whose death in April 1993 continue to be a mysteryOn April 5, 1993, a promising actress of her time, fell to her death from the balcony of her flat. 20 years later, a biopic is being made on the life and mysterious death of Divya Bharti. The film will be directed and produced by Vikram Sandhu of Shaheed Bhagat Singh fame, who has also written the script for it.When contacted, Sandhu chose to be non-committal, \"My film is based on a young girl in her teens who becomes a star overnight, and how her journey from a small town girl to fame leads her to a drastic stage. It might sound similar to some real character but it is not based on any particular star.\"Sandhu further said, \"We have just finalised the script. The film is in the pre-production stage. My lead protagonist will be a well known actress or a completely fresh face depending on what the film demands.\"Meanwhile, a source close to the venture told Mirror, \"The filmmaker is searching for a look alike of Divya Bharti as the female lead. Auditions are on in Karnal, Chandigarh, Jammu and Delhi by their banner Angel Film Creatives.\"Actress Divya Bharti debuted in a 1990 Telugu film Bobbili when she was just sixteen. The film, a super hit, was also dubbed in Hindi. Two years later, Divya made her Bollywood debut with Dil hi to hai. She acted in 13 films, including Deewana where she was cast opposite Shah Rukh Khan. She married producer Sajid Nadiadwala. There was a police enquiry around her sudden death which remains a mystery till date. Two of her films Rang and Shatranj were released posthumously.It is learnt that Sandhu's biopic, to be shot in India and Dubai , is expected to go on floors in July 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12563633", "title": "Vadodara Municipal Corporation proposes to divert rainwaters along national highways", "text": "VADODARA: Vadodara Municipal Corporation (VMC) is looking to divert water entering the city from northern and eastern parts in its attempt to solve the acute problem of waterlogging and has even zeroed on a consultant to prepare a technical feasibility report on the project.The eastern parts of the city remain waterlogged for days together during heavy rainfall . VMC officials said a major reason for this was water entering the city from culverts along the national highway. While the storm water drains have been made keeping in mind the need to clear rain water in the city, they are not sufficient considering the fact that a large amount of water enters through the catchment area along the highway.The VMC has in the past taken up the issue with National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and other departments. It is now looking to divert this water to Vishwamitri towards Harni and river Jambuva on the outskirts of the city.To prepare a technical feasibility report for the project and suggest alternatives after a detailed study, the civic body recently invited expressions of interest from consultants. A Vadodara-based consultant has been identified by VMC administration and it has now sought the nod of the standing committee to award work to the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "12564131", "title": "Moratorium on Visakhapatnam industries extended", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Though the pollution levels have declined, the Central Pollution Control Board (CPCB) is planning to extend its moratorium clamped in some parts of Visakhapatnam for another six months. The port city was categorised as the most polluted among the 88 cities by the CPCB in the index prepared by it in 2010.The temporary moratorium of six months has been extended twice. The order was in force between Yarada hill range in the south to Simcharalam hill range in the north and sea on the east and the present NH-5 in the west. According to sources, the moratorium would be extended for another six months as CPCB had conducted a study on the present pollution levels and seems to be not satisfied with the present levels.The CPCB had recommended two decades ago that no new industrial activities and expansion of the existing activities should be permitted in the bow area of Visakhapatnam. But the orders were ignored and the situation worsened. By the studies of the Andhra University, there are high concentrations of heavy metals like copper, lead, iron, manganese, cadmium, nickel, cobalt, zinc and polyaromatic hydrocarbons in the Visakhapatnam port area. These metals are highly toxic and long term exposure to them, even at a low concentration levels, could lead to serious health problems among human beings.The city had only 85 industries in early 90s, but now it has more than 470 in the Greater Visakha Municipal Corporation limits. The population has increased from 7 lakh to 20 lakh as well as the vehicular traffic from 70,000 to almost 7 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12567876", "title": "BlackBerry-maker RIM may further cut smartphone prices", "text": "MUMBAI: BlackBerry-maker Research in Motion (RIM), which recently cut prices of some of its smartphone devices, expects the move to boost its sales by about 25-30% in a competitive Indian handset market. The Waterloo, Canada-based mobile handset maker, which is struggling to compete internationally with Apple's iPhone and the Android-based smartphones, considers India as one of focus markets where lowering prices will help it reach more customers.Sunil Dutt , MD, RIM India, who took over the company just a few months back, said in an exclusive chat with that more price cuts could not be ruled out as the brand gets the benefit of economies of scale through increased sales. However, leaders in the smartphone market - Samsung and Nokia - said they are not looking to slash prices and will instead focus on broadening their product portfolios.\"The objective is to reach out to more consumers and, therefore, make our devices affordable for both the consumer segment as well as for our enterprise customers,\" Dutt said.RIM slashed prices of select models by up to 26% indicating a change in its India strategy. Analysts tracking the sector said that the average price of a BlackBerry smartphone stood at Rs 21,000, which is extremely steep compared to other brands in the market.\"The price cuts will give them volumes but it is unlikely to have any impact on market shares. There is room to further lower prices as well as broaden its portfolio specifically in the Rs 10,000-15,000 range and also in the sub-Rs 10,000 segment, which boasts of multiple domestic vendors such as Micromax, Karbonn and Lava, which have already launched low-cost smartphones in a bid to drive future demand as they attempt to move up the value chain from low-cost feature phones,\" said G Rajeev, senior market analyst, mobile devices &tablets;, IDC India.Samsung, the leader in the smartphone segment with 17 models in the market, has six devices in the sub-Rs 10,000, seven in the Rs 10,000-20,000 bracket with only four models above Rs 20,000. RIM's BlackBerry, on the other hand, has only one model - the hugely successful BlackBerry Curve model - in the sub-Rs 10,000 range.According to the Framingham, Massachusetts-based market researcher IDC, the share for RIM in the Indian smartphone market stood at around of 10% in fourth quarter of 2011. Samsung led with 35% share while Finnish-handset brand Nokia had a market share of 31% for the October to December period last year. The smartphone market in India grew by 99% year-on-year in shipment terms to reach 3.39 million units for the fourth quarter. It is projected to grow by 54% during the period of 2012-2016.RIM reported a fourth quarter loss of $125 million as it shipped 11.1 million units, down by 21% from the previous quarter. Dutt said the global worries did not impact the India operations, one of the best for the Canadian parent. \"We are increasing our investment on the brand, distribution, products and on people here,\" Dutt said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564667", "title": "Five hurt as scaffolding collapses", "text": "CHENNAI: Five people were injured when the scaffolding of an under-construction building at Goya Arunagiri Fourth Street in the Ice House area collapsed on Friday evening.At 3.30pm, when labourers Srinivasan and Rathnam were engaged in the construction, the scaffolding came crashing down.Pedestrians Latha, Zakaria and Raghavan, who were passing beneath the building at the time, also sustained minor injuries.\"The scaffolding has been put occupying the road space. Only two-wheelers were able to ply on the narrow lane and no large vehicle could pass through,\" said an investigating officer. The Ice House police are investigating but no case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "basirhat", "code": "12563280", "title": "Man spends night at station guarding answer scripts", "text": "BASIRHAT: This 27-year-old farmer from Nadia's Chapra was deprived of education. But the effort of this man on Thursday night secured the fate of some Basirhat students.Noticing two bundles of answer papers, lying unattended on a Krishnagar Local, Mannan Mandal spent the whole night at Barasat station guarding the papers. Mandal had boarded the train from Sealdah at around 8.20pmon Thursday. After getting inside the compartment he found the papers of BSc first year mathematics of Basirhat College. \"He grabbed the answer papers, put those inside his bag and reached Barasat. However, with no train to Basirhat from there on late Thursday night, he decided to spend the night at Barasat guarding the answer sheets,\" sources said. On Friday morning, he boarded a train to Basirhat and reached Basirhat police station with the answer scripts.\"I could not continue my studies. When I saw these students' future was on stake, I thought it was my responsibility to hand over the answer papers to the college authorities,\" Mandal said.Basirhat college authorities said that the answer scripts were with a part-time lecturer, who was going to Sealdah from Barasat and had mistakenly left the bundles inside the compartment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12564839", "title": "City rallies for road safety", "text": "LUDHIANA: Gagan Bhambri's death in a road accident has become a rallying point in the city as his friends start an online movement urging other youth to drive safe so that more Gagans don't lose their lives. Comments have been pouring in on Facebook pages, 'RIP Gagan' and 'I love Ludhiana', with friends paying homage to him and creating awareness about safe driving.Twenty three-year-old Gagan, son of industrialist Amrit Bhambri, was killed in a road accident on April 1, while he was returning from a wedding on Ferozepur Road with two friends. Gagan was travelling in an SUV that was rammed by a tractor trolley, killing him on the spot. His friends escaped with injuries. As his death shocked everyone who knew him, a post on 'I love Ludhiana' page urged members to drive safely stating that young drivers are at the highest risk while driving at night. Harjinder Singh, who has created the page, said, ''Gagan was a family friend and a very talented young man.It is a shame that his life was snuffed out so young. Everyone in Ludhiana can relate to him. Sixty three people have liked the post and members have also posted comments about the need to drive safe on city roads,'' he said. Harjinder added that he had put the post to ensure that no more Gagans are killed in similar accidents. Businessman Abhishek Sood, 23, who was a close friend of Gagan, said he created the Facebook page - RIP Gagan to keep his memories alive.''More than 500 people have liked the page and people have been writing in about the time they had with him. He was a wonderful person, who always kept his smile. Gagan used to play the guitar and sing and even had a band with some friends. He will always live in our memories,'' said Abhishek. He added that his friends are planning to organize a special event on his birthday next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12563995", "title": "Mentors to hold admission-cum-scholarship test", "text": "PATNA: Mentors, a coaching institute for IIT-JEE/AIEEE/NTSE/Olympiads, would organize admission-cum-scholarship test for students preparing for engineering and medical colleges entrance examinations at different centres in the state capital on April 7 and April 15. This was announced by Mentors director Anand Jaiswal at a seminar organized here on Friday.Jaiswal said Union human resources development ( HRD) department has not taken any final decision to change the pattern of IIT-JEE. The institute was following the old pattern, he said, adding that Mentors was watching the Centre's move.Students who had cleared the IITJEE and medical entrance examinations told the aspirants present at the seminar that hard labour in the right direction was the key to success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "12565199", "title": "2 intruders handed over to Pakistan", "text": "JAISALMER: The two Pakistani intruders who had entered the Indian territory on a motorcycle were handed over to Pakistan after a detailed inquiry, and a flag meeting with the Pakistani rangers on Friday. The Border Security Force has issued a strict protest note to Pak rangers.BSF's Ganganagar sector DIG Ranjeet Singh Rathore said two Pak intruders entered India from Shakarpal area of BSF outpost on Wednesday. During interrogation the duo said they had come to see the international border and had strayed into the Indian territory by mistake. They identified themselves as Mohammad Shakeel (18) and Mohammad Suleman (24), and are residents of Bhawal Nagar in Pakistan.DIG said the intelligence and secret agencies interrogated them but did not find anything serious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "12563378", "title": "Malegaon Municipal Corporation House hung before polls?", "text": "MALEGAON: Huge crowds at public meetings, fiery speeches, allegations and counter-allegations, big promises, poetry to praise leaders and criticize rivals.Political parties in Malegaon seem to be trying anything and everything available to woo voters in the town in the run-up to the April 15 elections for the Malegaon Municipal Corporation (MMC).But, perhaps for the first time, what the parties do not have is the right number of candidates to field on all the 80 seats, something that predicts a hung house even before a single vote is cast.Interestingly, political leaders, who are normally poles apart in their views, almost unanimously blamed the election commission, its 'hurriedly formulated diktats and tough rules', for their failure to field enough candidates.\"The parties were not ready for most of the election commission rules, especially submission of caste certificates along with validity certificates while filing the nomination papers,\" senior Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) leader Shaikh Yunus Esa said, echoing a view shared by leaders from other parties, including local Congress party chief Shaikh Asif.As per the rules, 18% of the total 80 seats in the MMC are reserved for OBCs. Though Malegaon has a good OBC population, most of the people do not have valid caste certificates. In earlier elections, candidates were given a time of six months after winning the election to submit valid caste certificates. To make the situation worse, some of the wards having 90% of population from the minority community are reserved for SCs/STs. Finding suitable candidates in such wards is very difficult.Referring to the 50% reservation for women, local leaders say that since Malegaon is dominated by the minority community and is socially and educationally backward, it was difficult for them to find many 'eligible' women candidates. \"Against the backdrop that people from good families are reluctant to take part in active politics, convincing women to contest elections is very difficult,\" said local MLA and leader of Teesra Mahaz Mufti Mohd Ismael.Political observers, however, feel wide-spread corruption, selfish nature of the politicians, 'internal understanding' between them all, huge amounts of money needed to fight an election are the reasons why people are keeping a distance from political parties. \"There are hardcore, committed and devoted workers in every party. But when it comes to contesting elections, they are ignored and tickets are given to the people who pay for them,\" said editor of the oldest local Urdu newspaper, Kaleem Danish.Taking the issue a step further, NDCC bank director and social activist Rajendra Bhonsale opined that people are reluctant because they have lost faith in the existing leaders. \"There is no leader left in the city who can bring people from all communities together. Malegaon, in fact, badly needs a new leadership,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563586", "title": "Manmohan Singh to host closed-door lunch for Asif Ali Zardari", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Asif Zardari-Manmohan Singh meeting will be out of bounds for everybody, even note-takers. The highlight of Sunday's luncheon meeting between the Pakistani president and PM Manmohan Singh will be a pre-lunch one-on-one discussion between the two leaders. Whatever they discuss will be at a rarefied level that could change the fate of nations. Or not.But it is clear that Zardari's visit is less spiritually inclined than is being made out to be. Crucial issues of bilateral relations will certainly be discussed. Zardari is expected to consult the Pakistani PM, army chief and ISI chief before his trip. This clearly means that the Pakistani president has a specific political mission in India. Its unlikely that there will be any detailed readout of the meeting with the PM.The visit will give the two leaders a chance to have an unfettered political discussion, but it might not be enough to begin the process to get a prime ministerial trip to Pakistan. For that to be politically acceptable in India, Pakistan will have to take some concrete steps on the Mumbai trial.It is unlikely that the two leaders would spend their time talking bout the nitty-gritty of the composite dialogue which is already being discussed. Instead, it is more likely that they will be looking at a political resolution of some of the more difficult issues that bedevil the two countries. Pervez Musharraf and Singh had worked on a four-point formula for the management of the Kashmir issue. It is possible that this could be part of the discussion.However, as foreign minister S M Krishna said, \"All bilateral issues are likely to be discussed. After all, it is a private visit of President Zardari to India and he is coming on a religious mission to Ajmer and I do not know whether they will have time enough to go into greater details. But the very fact that the prime minister is hosting a lunch in honour of President Zardari, they might get a chance to touch upon some of the bilateral issues.\"In Pakistan, the foreign office spokesperson articulated a similar approach. \"We attach importance to high-level interaction between Pakistan and India but that does not mean Pakistan is budging from its principled position on the Jammu &amp; Kashmir dispute. We are of the view that a just and fair settlement of the Jammu &amp; Kashmir dispute is a sine qua non for viable and lasting peace in South Asia,\" the spokesperson said.The atmosphere on the bilateral front has improved considerably after Pakistan decided to open up trade with India, by moving to a negative list from a positive one. Pakistan wants India to give it the same tariff benefits as it gives to Bangladesh , but that may take some time yet. Instead, India will push for more people-to-people contacts, liberalized visas for business people etc. Pakistan is hoping that Sir Creek and Siachen may be resolved but it is not clear whether the UPA government can deliver on this front.Meanwhile, Pakistan has come under greater terror scrutiny, and this time from its closest strategic partner. On Friday, China blacklisted six Uighur terrorists under its new terrorism law, stating unusually that they were being trained in a South Asian nation. After the events in Xinjiang province in July last year, when the Chinese government had spread the responsibility of terror events to their training bases in Pakistan, this is the first time China has gone as far as to even point to its strategic ally.\"The ministry hopes that foreign governments and their law enforcing departments would help to arrest the six and hand them over to Chinese authorities,\" the official Xinhua news agency said.On Friday too, LeT boss Hafiz Saeed used the platform of his charitable organization Jamaat-ud-Dawa to preach jihad against the US. \"This is the same jihad which caused the USSR to break and now America is failing because of it. Analysts and journalists don't realize why America is failing, the only reason is jihad,\" he said.\"There are many parties in Pakistan but America has only sent a message to Jamaat-ud-Dawa, because we do jihad. Come to us. We will teach you the meaning of jihad ... The time to fight has come,\" he added. The US has declared a $10 million bounty on him, but he has refused to be cowed down by the US action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12565009", "title": "Hospital employee nabbed for theft", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A SAL Hospital employee was apprehended by the hospital security staff for stealing medicines and syringes from the hospital stock and handed him over to Vastrapur police on Thursday.According to Vastrapur police officials, Rajesh Solanki, a ward assistant with the hospital, was going out of the campus at 2.30 pm on Thursday when he was stopped by the security staff for checking as per the rules. During the search, the staff found bags of medicines and syringes from the glove box of his scooter. The incident was reported to Avinash Gomse, the manager of the premises, who rushed to the spot and checked the contents.\"When questioned, Solanki, 34, a resident of Sabarmati, confessed that he had stolen the stock worth Rs 4,500 from an operation theater on April 3. He had planned to sell it to another stockist,\" said a Vastrapur police official.Solanki stated in his statement that his wife is suffering from diabetes and her treatment costs more than his monthly salary at the hospital, for which he resorted to theft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570130", "title": "Jet offloads Rahul Bose in Delhi", "text": "Actor Rahul Bose , who had flown in to Delhi from Srinagar to take a connecting flight out to Mumbai, was in for a surprise at the Delhi airport.The actor was barred from boarding the Mumbai flight even though he had arrived 15 minutes prior to the connecting flight's departure. So he took to his microblogging page to vent.\"Total lack of initiative at Jet Airways , Delhi. Arrived on Jet from Srinagar with 15minutes to board the Delhi-Mumbai jet. Was told not possible - too little time,\" he wrote.Rahul, though, found that strange, adding later that he has seen passengers boarding flights with just a minute to spare before take off. \"Passengers connecting on Jet, with bags checked through and holding a boarding pass for the next leg, have boarded till the last minute. Ask me,\" he tweeted.But what really seemed to irk him was the airline's insensitivity towards passengers. \"Airlines really don't care about sensitivity towards passengers. We're fools-we know this, yet we hope,\" he wrote.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12569807", "title": "Omar Abdullah made National Conference working president", "text": "JAMMU: While retaining the presidency of the National Conference, Union minister Farooq Abdullah has named his son and Jammu and Kashmir chief minister Omar Abdullah as the party's working president.Briefing the media, Farooq Abdullah, who reorganised the top posts of his party, made his younger brother Sheikh Mustafa Kamal the additional general secretary.Kamal was given that post and also made the chief spokesperson in October. But he was removed after he made statements against the Congress, which is the ruling coalition partner, and against the army.Abdullah's cousin Sheikh Nazir Ahmad will be the party's general secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564986", "title": "Crime branch nabs 3, solves 10 burglaries", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police crime branch has arrested three members of a burglars gang and solved 10 thefts cases from various parts of Ahmedabad during the last one year. Gold ornaments worth Rs 4.5 lakh have also been recovered from the burglars.Crime branch police inspector Paresh Solanki had got a tip off that Ajay Tamanche, a resident of Chharanagar, and his gang members were behind a number of burglaries in Naroda, Meghaninagar, Odhav and Sardarnagar.On Thursday night Tamanche and his two accomplices Hakim Kushwa and Anil Sindhi were rounded up by crime branch officials. The stolen booty was also recovered from them. \"At first they claimed that the ornaments were their own, however some women's ornaments gave their lies away. Later, on sustained interrogation they confessed to 10 thefts,\" said a crime branch official. The officials believe that the gang is responsible for many more house break-ins in the city.\"Tamanche is the ring leader. At daytime he used to go for recce of plausible targets. After he ascertained that a house has been locked for several days, he would gather other members of the gang. Hakim being is an expert lock breaker used to help break in and then he and Anil used to steal valuables. The stolen goods were later handed over to Tamanche who used to sell the booty to unscrupulous jewellers,\" said the same official.Tamanche also embodied the legal cell of his gang. \"Though he has had limited education, he is well-versed in legal nitty-gritty. On Thursday, soon as his accomplices were picked up he shot a letter to the metropolitan court and accused the cops of illegally detaining his 'friends'. He has done the same thing in the past too whenever his accomplices were rounded up for questioning. This was to help his gang members by limiting the time they spent in police custody,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "12565586", "title": "US jails terrorists' arms supplier, Russia seethes", "text": "NEW YORK: International arms dealer Viktor Bout, whose network is alleged to have armed the al-Qaida and Taliban , has been sentenced to 25 years in prison by a US court for conspiring to supply deadly weapons, including missiles, to a Colombia-based terror group.A former Soviet air force officer, Bout, dubbed as 'Merchant of Death' , has also been handed down a sentence of five years of supervised release and fined $15 million.Prosecutors had sought the life sentence for the 45-year-old arms dealer. Bout ran an international arms-trafficking ring and is said to have supplied weapons to many dictators who used it against their own civilians.\"Bout has been international arms trafficking enemy number one for many years, arming some of the most violent conflicts around the globe,\" Manhattan US attorney Preet Bharara said.He said the sentence is a \"fitting coda for this career arms trafficker of the most dangerous order\" and who has finally been brought to justice in an US court for agreeing to provide a staggering number of military grade weapons to an avowed terrorist organization committed to killing Americans.Meanwhile, Russia on Friday condemned the sentencing of Bout as \"baseless and biased\" and said it would do all it could to ensure his return home. \"The Russian foreign ministry views the US court verdict sentencing Viktor Bout to 25 years in prison as baseless and biased,\" the ministry said in a statement.Bout was convicted in November last year on all four counts for which he was charged after a three-week jury trial before US district judge Shira Scheindlin.He was arrested in Thailand in March 2008 and subsequently charged in a fourcount indictment in April 2008. At trial, he was convicted of conspiring to kill US nationals, officers and employees , conspiring to acquire and export missiles and to provide material support to a foreign terrorist organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565826", "title": "Land misuse more brazen in rural areas", "text": "MUMBAI: Compared to the appalling instances of misuse of public land in Maharashtra's rural areas, such cases in Mumbai seem less blatant. As the yet-to-be-tabled report of the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) shows, rules are brazenly violated in rural parts without any apprehensions.'In two talukas near Thane-Kolshet and Kavesarfor instance the rates prescribed in the ready reckoner (RR) were surprisingly reduced one year. Considering these rates are always on the rise and fall only if there is a change in topography or a natural calamity, the decision was confounding. The lower rates were laid down by the Inspector General of Registration (IGR) of Thane under \"questionable circumstances\" , says the CAG report.Based on the revised RR rates, the collector entertained an application to allot land admeasuring 1.98 lakh sq m and 1.41 lakh sq m in Kolshet and Kavesar to M/s Roma Builders in 2010, according to the report. \"The application of reduced rate in 2010 resulted in less realization of state revenue of Rs 63.6 crore,\" adds the report.The CAG report lists a number of instances in the state's rural areas of non-recovery of penalty in cases of violation of lease conditions and of misuse of land by leaving it vacant for years. In several cases, no database of land was maintained, and in areas around Pune, Thane, Nashik and Nagpur, a land register that details distribution , area, purpose, etc. were not maintained. The absence of a register with relevant details precluded \"the collector offices from monitoring cases relating to violation of conditions and from keeping track of cases where the lease period had expired\".\"The government must act as a trustee of this land rather than behaving like its owner,\" said activist Simpreet Singh. \"These manipulations are denying access to public land to those from the weaker socio-economic background.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12565061", "title": "Cops conduct mock drills to curb robbery cases in Tirupur district", "text": "COIMBATORE: Alarmed over the recent incidents of robberies targeting jewellery shops and financial institutions, police in Tirupur district have conducted mock drills to maintain law and order and to ensure effective coordination between different wings of the investigation. An effective crackdown on chain-snatchers and those who steal vehicles is also in the pipeline.The mock drills involving police officials of all the six stations in Tirupur town and in Palladam, Mangalam, Perumanallur, Udumalpet, Kangeyam, Uthukuli and Dharapuram, were conducted to handle robbery cases. They were also trained to catch chain-snatchers who most often come in two-wheelers and snatch away gold ornaments from women , especially elderly people. Thieves normally divert attention of police and locals whenever they engage in such anti-social activities. Police officials are being trained to nab the thieves when they try to divert their attention.Tirupur superintendent of police V Balakrishnan said better coordination among police officials in different stations and with officials concerned in other departments would help nab the culprit without lapse of time. \"Most often, the criminals move from jurisdiction of one police station to other after committing a crime. A joint effort by different police stations and officials deployed in various check posts would help trace the culprits within minutes of the crime,'' he said.Till now, the coordination between stations was through the control room but it was a time consuming affair. Now, the police are planning quicker interaction between agencies over mobile phones to track movement of criminals. Balakrishnan said he is planning to create a database of concerned citizens and former employees of police and military to help the investigators by providing necessary local support.\"On an average, 12 chain-snatching cases are reported in Tirupur district every month. I wish to reduce that to below five from this month onwards. At least, 30 two-wheeler theft cases are being reported every month and we have plans to reduce them to below 10,'' he added.On February 20, a gang of migrants decamped with 36kg of gold jewels, 2kg of gold studs embedded with diamonds from Alukkas Jewellery shop in Tirupur. The total value of the stolen jewels is Rs 10 crore. The Tirupur police is yet to recover the jewels from the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564844", "title": "Officials\u2019 allotment powers at root of great land grab", "text": "MUMBAI: At the root of most cases of misuse of land in Maharashtra, especially Mumbai, highlighted in the yet-to-be-tabled Comptroller and Auditor General report appears to be one overriding cause: the powers to arbitrarily allot land vested at various levels of the administration, including the collector, bureaucrats and ministers.The wrongful use of land, experts say, starts at the lowest rungs-that of the tahsildar, talati, sub-divisional officer and the collector. They have the authority, though limited, to allot land. Whenever they have to circumvent the limitations, these government officers knock on the doors of the highest authority in the revenue department, who uses his \"quasi-judicial\" powers to resolve questions of land utilization and allotment.In certain cases of land violations pointed out in the CAG report, the orders allocating them were patently arbitrary. \"In one instance, the licence fee (for setting up a complex) was to be waived off nominally but a minister decided to reduce it drastically. That sort of a decision is difficult for the CAG to question. It is also difficult for officials like us to do anything about it. It is just settled there and then,\" said an official from the collector's office.Ramchand Bhuskute, a former tahsildar, explains that the land's status is manipulated and its title transferred repeatedly to pave way for the misuse at the top echelons of the government.Ramchand Bhuskute, who has written a book on the great land grab across Maharashtra Once that is accomplished, on most occasions, the land end ups in the pockets of MPs, MLAs and their relatives. \"The land is issued for a specific purpose and left vacant. Later, fancy buildings come up on it,\" says the 87-year-old. \"My book details how the Maharashtra Land Revenue (Disposal of Government Land) Rules, 1971, is violated by all and sundry.\"The MLR allows the government to allot any land with it on terms that \"it deems fit\". For land worth up to Rs 2.5 lakh, the power to allot it lies with the Collector; for a plot worth Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 6.25 lakh, the divisional commissioner is the authority; and for property worth Rs 6.25 to Rs 25 lakh, the sanction has to be given by the revenue and forest department. Anything valued higher can be allotted only by the finance department and the state chief minister.Experts demand that rules be modified to prevent further loot of the goldmine that land has become in Mumbai and its neighbouring areas. \"While there is no consensus on how to demand these changes in the MLR, the quasi-judicial decision taken under the act only leaves scope for court intervention,\" says Ulka Mahajan of the Committee Against Globalization, who has been detailing the misuse of land by industries in Maharashtra.Most industries, Mahajan explains, are allotted land for the purpose of constructing a plant but the construction never takes place. The land is kept vacant until the prices appreciate. Indeed, the CAG report notes that 532.78 hectares of subsidized land given to the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation in nine districts, including Mumbai, has been lying vacant for periods ranging from four to 22 years.\"The Public Accounts Committee in 2007 highlighted a loss of roughly Rs 70,000 crore to the state by industries who misused their 'incentive period',\" says Mahajan.The CAG has recommended several measures to plug the loopholes in the system, including setting up a monitoring and evaluation mechanism, better land management and management of database, appropriate action in cases of violations, and proper recovery of occupancy and lease rents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "12572780", "title": "Maoists, Odisha govt reach agreement over Italian hostage", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Barring any last minute hitch, Italian hostage Paolo Basusco may be freed soon from his three-week capitivity by Maoists who reached an agreement with the Odisha government on Saturday night.Another group, which had abducted BJD MLA Jhina Hikaka, extended its deadline to April 10 demanding release of five more people whose names were not on the list of 23 who were offered to be released by the state government in a swap deal.\"We have reached an agreement and concluded the fortnight-long negotiations with mediators nominated by CPI (Maoist) for the release of Italian Paolo Bosusco,\" home secretary U N Behera told reporters as both sides released a signed joint statement after the talks.Behera, who led the three-member state government side at the negotiations, said the joint statement was signed by both sides as demanded by the Maoist Odisha State Organising Committee which was holding Bosusco captive since March 14.As already stated by chief minister Naveen Patnaik in the assembly, negotiators from both sides agreed that the state government would facilitate the release of five of the six persons whose release the Maoists had demanded, Behera said.The joint statement said that after several rounds of discussion, the mediators had given six names - Arati Majhi, Manmohan Pradhan, Suka Nachika, Chakra Tadingi, Bijay Tadingi and Subhashree Das.The statement said the government would facilitate release of 5 of these 6 persons.The Maoist mediators, B D Sharma and Dandapani Mohanty, after concluding the agreement, appealed to the Maoists to release Bosusco immediately and in good health.Patnaik earlier said in a statement in the assembly, \"the Maoists have sought release of six persons. The state government has decided to facilitate the release of five of the six.\"Mounting pressure on the state government, Maoist leader Sabyasachi Panda had on Friday threatened to take the \"extreme step\" against the 54-year-old Italian hostage if his demands were not met within 96 hours.A day after the ultimatum, the two sides held two rounds talks before arriving at a mutually agreed position.Meanwhile, rejecting Odisha governments offer of releasing 23 prisoners, the Maoist group holding Laxmipur MLA Hikaka captive extended the deadline for fulfilment of its demands till April 10 and sought release of an additional five persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "it was on june 22, 2011 that deputy chief medical officer dr yogendra singh sachan was found dead in the toilet of the jail hospital's operation theatre. nineteen days later, chief judicial magistrate (cjm) rajesh upadhayay submitted his report. the document categorically said that dr sachan's death was a case of murder and not suicide. \"vicharadheen bandi dr yogendra singh sachan ki mrityu aatmahatya nahi hai, balki hatya hai,\" the cjm's report said. dr sachan was a key accused in the nrhm scam and killing of two cmos related to it. it is claimed that dr sachan was killed apparently to prevent him from taking names of big fishes. significantly, cbi has also not been able to gather much from the 78-page report. but was the report ignored deliberately? a copy of the report is with toi. here are some of the key findings of the report", "code": "12565916", "title": "Chief judicial magistrate probe concludes that Sachan was murdered", "text": "It was on June 22, 2011 that deputy chief medical officer Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan was found dead in the toilet of the jail hospital's operation theatre. Nineteen days later, chief judicial magistrate (CJM) Rajesh Upadhayay submitted his report. The document categorically said that Dr Sachan's death was a case of murder and not suicide. \"Vicharadheen bandi Dr Yogendra Singh Sachan ki mrityu aatmahatya nahi hai, balki hatya hai,\" the CJM's report said. Dr Sachan was a key accused in the NRHM scam and killing of two CMOs related to it. It is claimed that Dr Sachan was killed apparently to prevent him from taking names of big fishes. Significantly, CBI has also not been able to gather much from the 78-page report. But was the report ignored deliberately? A copy of the report is with TOI. Here are some of the key findings of the report:Position of the body : Eyewitnesses claimed that Dr Sachan was sitting over the commode with his head towards the cistern. The CJM was surprised to hear about the position of the body. Stating that, 'if anybody attempts suicide by hanging himself, then the body should be found hanging and if the person wants to end his life by cutting the veins, then a point will come when the person will fall on the ground and writhe for a while', the probe officer said. \"But in this case, the body was not found in either of these conditions. In my opinion, it is impossible for anyone to sit over commode, slit the veins of his hands, legs and neck and die in the same position,\" stated the probe report.No one takes two routes to end life : Citing a doctor who conducted Dr Sachan's post-mortem, the judicial officer stated that usually, no person would opt for two different ways to commit suicide. Hanging is believed to be less painful. \"In my opinion, if a person had made up his mind to end life by hanging, he would first find a place to execute his plan. But in this case, the place of death was a toilet that had no hanging point. And if he was to end his life by slitting his veins, why did he resort to hanging. Thus, the circumstances appear to be suspicious, which belie the theory of suicide,\" he observed.Bloodstains on walls and washbasin: It was found that the window in the toilet's wall where Sachan's body was found was 4.5 feet above the ground. At a distance of 3.5 feet, two blood stains measuring 6 centimetres and 12 centimetres were found. If Dr Sachan died sitting over the commode, where did the stains on the wall come from? It is not possible for the victim to have done this. Chances are that the stains would have come when someone else would have tried to hang the belt around his neck and tie it up with the window. During the inspection of the place, the official found that the wash basin inside the toilet was removed and kept outside the toilet. There were some 6-7 blood stains in the basin too. Question arises that where did the blood stains come from?No weapon found: The post-mortem report state that injuries on the body of Dr Sachan were caused by a sharp-edged weapon. In his statement before Upadhayay, tehsildar Mohanlalganj, Jeetendra Kumar Srivastava who prepared the panchnama said, \"No sharp-edged weapon was found.\" Station officer Gosainganj, Sanjay Kumar Pandey also said the same thing. On the insistence of deputy jailer Sunil Kumar Singh, a team from the Forensic Science Lab got the commode's drainage pipe checked and found a half shaving blade. One side of the blade had stains of blood. The officer also examined the half blade and concluded that if the same blade was used to cause injures, then both sides of the blade would have stains. In their statements, the panel of doctors said that an 'ordinary blade can never cause such deep injuries.' The officer concluded that 'Sachan could not have attempted suicide by slitting his veins'.Defying Logic: It has been commonly observed that if someone is willing to commit suicide, then the person tends to lock the room from inside. In this particular case where the crime scene is district jail's hospital premise which is under strict vigil of wardens and considering that Dr Sachan was adamant about suicide, chances of the victim locking the door of the toilet are stronger. However, neither the door of the toilet nor the operation theatre which housed the toilet was locked. This fact, says the report, raises doubt over the theory of suicide. The premise of the jail hospital is under construction. And all rooms on the first floor of the hospital where the incident took place were locked. The operation theatre was the only exception. 'Why was the OT left unlocked' add to the doubt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564863", "title": "\u2018CAG-nailed scams are like BMC\u2019s open space policy\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: City activists allege that the role of politicians in the rampant misuse of government land in Mumbai, highlighted in a Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report, is echoed in the way the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) gives power to private agencies and builders through the caretaker policy for open spaces. The caretaker plan has been revived in the new open space draft policy.The policy seeks to allow private parties to commercially exploit 25% of an open space recreation ground (RG) and keep only 75% open for the public. Open space activists have for long demanded that the caretaker policy, which gives 'backdoor entry' to politicians and private agencies to construct clubs on open spaces and commercially exploit the city's green lungs, be completely scrapped.\"The open space policy has been designed in such a way that it leans towards well-to-do trusts that are able to afford to be caretakers. The BMC policy is just eyewash,\" said Nayana Kathpalia, co-convenor, Citispace, an NGO fighting for the protection of open spaces.For open spaces in Mumbai, the clubs involved are run by politicians or their kin and the common man is denied entry to the public space, which the private player must maintain. Advocate Y P Singh said the BMC's draft policy gives a backdoor entry to builders and politicians seeking recreation grounds.A similar misuse has been highlited in the latest, yet-to-be tabled CAG report, which details how arbitrary powers are used by politicans to dole out largesse to institutions belonging to their kin. The overriding factor in the caretaker policy and the way the state allots land is the 'absolute' authority of the powers-that-be in the manner the land is given away.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564536", "title": "Seven-year itch in US over visa denial to Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He is in the business of politics. But, chief minister Narendra Modi understands the politics of business better than most of his peers. Post-2002, when the Western world turned allergic towards Narendra Modi, many saw it as a big set-back for the chief minister whose role in post-Godhra riots was suspect.Modi wasted no time in looking eastwards after the US denied him a visa in March 2005. Babus handling business affairs in the state government were told to focus on opportunities in countries like Singapore , Japan, South Korea, Malaysia and Australia.Seven years after visa denial, the West is itching to cosy up with Modi, seen as many now as a potential prime minister in 2014. Leading American publications like TIME and Washington Post have started to take note of the controversial chief minister who is eyeing a move to New Delhi. Various reports in the Western media, US Congressional reports and hundreds of diplomatic cables which have shown up on WikiLeaks - suggest the US unease over a man they have kept at bay.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573915", "title": "Musical programme in city today", "text": "VARANASI: As a prelude to the forthcoming 'Purab and Gayaki Utsav 2012', VSK Baithak, in association with Kala Prakash, would organise a musical programme in Bhelupur on Sunday. In fact, such musical programmes will be held in three cities of the state and feature several young and talented singing exponents. In Varanasi, two artistes - Anjana Nath of Kolkata and Kakali Mukherjee of Durgapur - will be performing on the Sunday. The recital will be preceded by a short and lyrical audio-visual presentation by noted photo artist Avinash Pasricha showcasing 'Purab and Gayaki Utsav' journey 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569507", "title": "Ishaqzaade release preponed", "text": "Viewers are in for a surprise by none other than Yashraj Films. The Arjun Kapoor-Parineeti Chopra starrer Ishaqzaade which was to release on May 18th 2011 has been preponed by a weak. The Habib Faisal directed film which was shot in Lucknow will now be releasing on May 11th world wide.With \"\"Ferrari Ki Sawaari\"\" release being postponed and the IPL matches also being played, the production house feels it will benefit the film.Ishaqzaade is a story of two aggressive youngsters and how they try to prove their supremacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12571561", "title": "Seven killed as thunderstorm hits West Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: Seven people were killed as thunderstorm hit West Bengal , officials said here today.In Murshidabad, three farmers, who were busy working in their fields at separate places, were killed today as lightning struck them, they said.At Gosaba in South 24 Parganas district, two persons died after lightning hit them.Gosaba, Canning and Basanti blocks in the district were badly affected by hailstorm as several roads got blocked due to felling of trees. Huts and crops were also damaged in the thunderstorm, the officials said.In Malda district, a woman died after lightning struck her in Englishbazar last night. A man was also killed in a similar manner at Chanchol, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12564176", "title": "Shop owners cheat Vijayawada Municipal Corporation on property tax", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: With many of the commercial establishments evading property tax, the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC) has ended up netting a poor Rs 65 crore as property tax during the last financial year.Most of the shops in the One Town area have been showing their establishments as residential buildings, causing a huge loss to the civic body. Since the difference in the tax structure between commercial and residential properties is more than 200%, traders bribe the officials concerned to show their properties residential.There are 1.5 lakh residential assessments in the city but only 14,000 commercial assessments. \"A comprehensive resurvey of the assessments through a third party would surely increase the tax revenue of the civic body,\" said senior advocate P Venkateswara Rao.While the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) programme has wreaked havoc with VMC's finances, the failure of the administrators to assess the situation in advance and take remedial measures compounded the woes of the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564114", "title": "Anti-Corruption Bureau SIT chief out; DG goes on leave", "text": "HYDERABAD: After 48 hours of high drama following his transfer orders, IPS officer K Srinivas Reddy was relieved as Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) additional director by the agency's DG D Bhoobathi Babu on Friday evening after written orders from chief secretary (CS) Pankaj Dwivedi. But soon thereafter the DG himself went on leave to protest the government decision. His leave has also been approved by the CS.The transfer of Srinivas Reddy, who was head of the Special Investigating team (SIT) probing the liquor syndicate, has come about just as the ACB was preparing to submit a status report on the liquor probe to the high court on April 16. Srinivas Reddy lost the battle to stay on as SIT chief after the CS rejected ACB DG's written request to allow Reddy to continue. Dwivedi told Babu in writing that the government understood the concerns of the ACB chief but added that the transfer was on as the officer had been promoted and assigned to supervise coastal security.After receiving the orders, the ACB DG held a long meeting with SIT members, including Srinivas Reddy, at the ACB headquarters on Friday. At the end of meeting, in the absence of Shivdhar Reddy who replaced him, Srinivas Reddy handed over the charge to ACB director Satyanarain. \"Without any fear or favour, we have done a very good work under DG Bhoobathi Babu. I also thank him for taking up the issue of transfer with the government which is a very rare act,\" Srinivas Reddy told TOI.On possible political motives behind his transfer, the officer, without referring to any particular person, said that SIT probes are prone to political intervention and there was nothing unanticipated or unusual about it.As part of the 'coastal security scheme', the Centre in 2005 decided to set up six Marine Police Stations (MPS) at Gilakaladinne, Kalingapatnam, Vakalapudi, Suryalanka, Rishikonda and Durgarajapatnam at a cost of Rs 32.67 crore to safeguard the 974-km coastline in the state.But it turns out that the enthusiasm was short-lived. The CAG's audit scrutiny revealed that adequate attention was not paid by either the state or the Centre in implementing this much-talked about scheme concerning national security as a result of which the MPS launched by the state government has failed to achieve the goal of safeguarding the coast against infiltration, intrusion and other illegal activities.The audit revealed that most of the interceptor boats supplied to MPS were lying idle and the remaining were thoroughly underutilized jeopardizing the coastal security. Another startling fact that came to light was that none of the MPS has its own jetties. Therefore, the boats had to be berthed at the jetties of the nearby fishing harbours or ports which were located about 40 to 130 km away from the MPS. Due to the daily travelling from MPS to jetties, the operational work of the interceptor boats got hampered and the maintenance cost increased.According to the CAG report, eight out of the 17 interceptor boats had not been put to use by the MPS due to various problems including repairs, lack of crew and jetty facility and among the remaining nine boats, five were under-utilized by 82% to 97%. The department did not provide the details related to the utilization of the remaining four boats which they received from the government only in June 2011.The report said that adequate staff was not recruited to manage MPS. Apparently, 75% of driver posts, five per cent of engine driver posts, 42% of master posts and 33% of Sarang posts have been lying vacant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564877", "title": "Karnataka officials become \u2018poor\u2019 to cheat government", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka government's directorate of social security and pensions has detected 600 cases where government employees are availing for social security scheme by fraudulent means. These employees downgraded their economic status to below poverty line families (BPL) to avail social security schemes of the state and central governments.The amount earmarked for these schemes - Indira Gandhi old-age pension, destitute widow pension, pension for disabled persons and Sandhya Suraksha pension schemes - is Rs 2,289 crore. The BPL norms dictate that income should be between Rs 12,000 and Rs 20,000 per annum. Persons in the age group of 65 to 80 and in the BPL category are eligible for getting the benefits of social security pension schemes.Chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda has put overall fraud cases at over 8 lakh, including non-government employees. \"During 2011-12, the exercise of physical verification of social security pensioners was undertaken. Over 8 lakh cases of duplicate, non-existent and ineligible pensioners have been found and suspended from the disbursement,\" the chief minister had said in his Budget speech.\"All government employees who have been guilty are facing departmental inquiry. Our department is assessing the estimate of the loss,\" a top official in the directorate told TOI.The government is all set to initiate disciplinary action against tashildars, who are the sanctioning authorities, for approving the names of government employees without proper verification.These schemes got importance in 2006 when BS Yeddyurappa as a finance minister raised it to Rs 400 a month. Gowda in his maiden budget presented last month enhanced it to Rs 500 from this financial year. \"A total outlay of Rs 2,310 crore has been made for this purpose,\" Gowda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "gulbarga", "code": "12565690", "title": "Kerala State Road Transport Corporation staff threatens agitation from April 14", "text": "GULBARGA: Kerala State Road Transport Corporation ( KSRTC) employees have warned the government that they will start a statewide agitation by stopping transport movement across the state from April 14, if the government fails to take steps to revise the pay scale of employees soon.Speaking at the 5th state-level conference here on Friday, State Road Transport union leader Ananta Subbaroa, said, \"The government is discriminating between state government employees and state road transport corporation. State transport employees scale is 30% less then state government employees, though transport employees work for 16 hours a day.The state government transport is a body of state government itself though the government discriminates.\" Meanwhile, state government employees are getting a higher salary then transport employees though they work only for 8 hours a day. He said the state government employees scale is 40% less then central government employees. It means the state transport employees are getting 70% less salary then central government employees.\"Transport drivers, conductors and mechanical staff have been working for more than 16 hours a day,\" said Subbaroa. He also alleged that the transport department has been humiliating the employees. He said, \"In the entire state, there are 1.1 lakh employees who work with state road transporation and the institution has 22,000 buses.\"This shows there is also less manpower like mechanic staff, driver and conductors. The government should also take steps to recruit the mechanical staff and other manpower. Another state union lead SK Sharma said, \"We have been holding conferences in Bagalkot, Hubli, Chikmagalur, Mysore and Gulbarga. The final conference will be held in Bangalore on April 14. On that day, all state employees of North East Karnataka Road Transport Corporation, North West Karnataka Road Transport, Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation and BMTC will participate.\" Sharma also warned the government to take back employees who have been suspended. Thousands of transport employees participated in the procession from Sardar Vallabhai Patel Circle to Kothari Convention Hall", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565171", "title": "Half-day Jaipur bandh by Rajput organizations on Saturday", "text": "JAIPUR: The Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) was geared up to stage sit-ins and organise demonstrations all over Rajasthan to protest against the arrest of its legislator Rajendra Rathore, on Saturday.The Rajput organisations and city-based merchant organisations, on the other hand, declared to observe a half-day complete bandh in Jaipur on Saturday. Schools, vehicles carrying students and medical facilities would be exempted from the Jaipur bandh. The Rajput organisations would also hold a half-day bandh at divisional headquarters on Sunday.Rathore, the BJP legislator and Rajput leader, was arrested by the CBI on Thursday on charges of being a coconspirator in the fake police encounter of a liquor mafia man Dara Singh in October 2006. The court later remanded Rathore to judicial custody till April 9.BJP state president Arun Chaturvedi said the party workers would stage dharna and hold peaceful demonstrations at all district headquarters on Saturday. The party believes its legislator was being wrongly implicated in the criminal case, as there was hardly any concrete evidence against him. Leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje would participate in the anti-government demonstrations in Jaipur.Several merchant organisations and seven Rajput social organisations based in the city would first observe a Jaipur bandh till 2 pm and later join the BJP demonstrations. Leaders of the Rajput community held a meeting at Shree Rajput Sabha Bhawan here on Friday. Strategies to support Rathore were chalked out at the hurriedly called meeting.\"With the support from the merchant organisations, we will observe a Jaipur bandh till 2 pm on Saturday. Schools and medical facilities will remain exempted from the bandh,\" said Giriraj Singh Lotwada, president of Shree Rajput Sabha, Jaipur.\"Pratap Foundation, Bhawani Niketan Shiksha Samiti, Shri Karni Sena, Akhil Bharatiya Kshtriya Mahasabha and several merchant organisations would be supporting the bandh,\" said Lokendra Singh Kalvi, the Congress leader and patron of Shri Karni Sena.Demonstrations have been planned at the tehsil levels for Sunday. \"Representations addressed to the President of India would be handed over to SDOs at all the 239 tehsils,\" said Lotwada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564850", "title": "Schools taught to leave no poor child behind", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The state government has made it compulsory for all primary schools - including private schools affiliated to any education board - to offer admission to economically and socially backward students on 25 per cent seats. The provisions for the same are provided in the Right to Education Act and have been made mandatory in Gujarat from June 2012.Primary education secretary R P Gupta said that 25 per cent seats in class I of all the primary schools have to be filled with such students as specified by the RTE. The RTE was implemented in 2009. In 2010, the state government issued a notification directing all schools to implement RTE. This year it has made it compulsory for all school to follow the directive.Private schools, too, will have to reserve 25 per cent of their seats for underprivileged children in primary sections. This is aimed at integrating poor students into the mainstream. \"All the parents should be given admission forms without any questions. Any form of capitation fee is prohibited,\" the notification of February 18 says. The rule requires school to declare the category under which a student is granted admission.Ahmedabad district development officer (DDO) Banchhanidhi Pani said that he has written a letter to all school authorities to compulsorily implement the RTE Act from this academic session.\"We have also asked all the schools to submit details like the number of seats on which such students are given admission, the number of applications received by them from these students and other details to document the implementation of the RTE,\" said the DDO.Schools say no applications from backward students!Ahmedabad: School authorities said that the compulsory intake of economically and socially backward students on 25 per cent seats in class I could not be complied with because they have completed the admission process post Diwali! Many schools also said that they have not received any applications from students in these categories seeking admission.\"We have not received any applications from poor and socially backward students seeking admission under the RTE Act this year,\" said Kamal Mangal, trustee of Anand Niketan School in Satellite.Manan Choksi of Udgam School said that last year, as well, they had reserved seats for students in the categories specified under the RTE notification but they did not receive a single application. \"This year also we haven't got any such applications. We cannot waste seats by not taking general students,\" Choksi said.PRO of DPS School echoed that there were no applications from the backward students. He said that there was a need for the state government to give clearer details on how the directive should be implemented.The responses from the schools clearly indicate somewhere there is a complete lack of will to ensure that socially and economically backward students get into the mainstream schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564127", "title": "Drunken youths thrash cop in Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Night Food Street witnessed yet another violent incident on Thursday night as four tipsy boys from Ferozepur, including an Australia-returned youth, thrashed a Chandigarh police constable.The incident occurred around 12.30am. The youths parked their car on the main road near the food street and got into a heated argument with constable Ashok Kumar, when he asked them to park it in the parking lot.Following the incident, Australia-returned Kirandeep Singh and his friends Manish Kaushal, Sunny Kumar and Ankit Jain, were arrested for thrashing a public servant on duty and criminal intimidation. Jain and Manish are students in Ferozepur.Talking to TOI, Kirandeep said, \"Under the influence of alcohol, I assumed that constable Ashok was abusing me when he asked me to remove the car from the main road.\"Inspector Gurmukh Singh, SHO of Sector 11, said Manish, Sunny and Ankit pleaded innocence and said only Kirandeep beat the cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "old goa", "code": "12564027", "title": "Se Cathedral plays host to history", "text": "OLD GOA: A centuries-old tradition, otherwise observed only in Rome , lends a solemn but unique touch to the enactment of Christ's crucifixion at the Se Cathedral, Old Goa, on Good Friday.Though popularly called 'Xempeanchem Pursanv' (Procession of Tails), it is not as well-known as the 'Santachem Pursanv' (Procession of the Saints) of Goa Velha. Both processions are coincidentally held only in Goa after Rome.The liturgical services, led by the archbishop, Filipe Neri Ferrao, occupy the greater part of the solemn ceremony in the biggest church in Asia on Good Friday , as the faithful relive the sufferings of Christ.But after the choir starts singing the motets and the canons appear in their flowing black gowns, it is time for the faithful to stream out of the pews and assemble squarely on either side, along the four corners of theSe Cathedral.\"During the Portuguese regime, there were 24 canons, but due to various reasons, the number has reduced to nine now,\" Fr Joao Pedro Fernandes, a canon, said.The unique tradition enlivened the ceremony once again on Friday, though only seven canons assembled as they waited for the archbishop's blessing. Two canons were ill while one seat is vacant. Dressed in blacks gowns trailing behind them like tails, they have their heads covered by inverted hoods, as the procession moves slowly.The 'confrades' led the way with a cross, followed by the canons, altar servers, the archbishop and a few senior priests. The faithful drew close to kiss the shroud on the cross and the feet of Christ in the 'coffin' carried by the pall bearers.The procession wound up near a tomb in one of the many altars of the cathedral. The coffin is placed at the foot of a wooden cross. After a final prayer, the archbishop kisses the feet of Christ and the laity follow in a queue.\"The cathedral chapter together with the Goa diocese was instituted in 1534 and has been functioning ever since,\" says Fernandes.It is a singular honour for the Goa diocese as it is the only chapter in Asia.\"The canons propose any priest who is not very active in parishes and with the bishop's permission, he is appointed a canon,\" Fr Santana Faleiro, president of Se Cathedral chapter said.Says Fernandes, \"The priests who have led an exemplary life and exercised a praiseworthy ministry are chosen to become canons,\" he said. Faleiro, who will soon be 80, is set to retire.\"Even though the president's tenure is five years, he has to resign after attaining 80,\" explains Fernandes.The cathedral chapter once enjoyed prominence as the bishop's consultative body. \"But after the introduction of new canon law, the bishop has his own body for consultation,\" Fernandes told TOI.The conventional number of the chapter has been reduced to 10 from 24. \"Earlier, there were about 10 canons, some half cannons, five dignities with special titles and some cantors,\" says Faleiro.The main function of the chapter is to perform the rites on solemn occasions and liturgical services in the cathedral. Though the chapter has lost its importance from its heydays, the procession of tails relives the grandeur of a unique tradition.It is the day of canons, when they have a prominent role in the liturgical services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563523", "title": "Mumbai lady accuses city trader of fraud after marriage talks fail", "text": "NAGPUR: A Mumbai-based teacher has lodged a complaint of forgery and criminal breach of trust at Dahisar police station against a medical store owner from Vaishali Nagar, Nagpur. The case was filed after their prenuptial negotiations ended acrimoniously.Sandeep Khobragade (36) was arrested by Mumbai police from Nagpur after Meenakshi Pahurkar (37) decided to take the matter to the cops. After having loaned Rs 1.60 lakh to Sandeep and taken a trip to Thailand with him, Pahurkar come to know that he already had a wife, since his first marriage had not been legally dissolved. Then, Sandeep stopped talking to her when she pestered him to repay her and questioned his deception.Pahurkar told TOI over phone she felt Sandeep has a habit of contacting girls looking for marriage partners and duping them. \"Sandeep targets elderly women. We found he has been associated with a number of women of various ages,\" he said.Refuting the charges, Sandeep said he was implicated in a false case. \"The woman's parents knew I was married, but still wanted me to continue the relationship with their daughter. They even offered to get me settled in Mumbai, besides all other help, including settling my personal issues,\" Sandeep told TOI. \"They had even said I could continue in a live-in relationship with their daughter. But I had rejected this, and they were not ready to accept that,\" he said.Sandeep said he is keen to return the money given by the woman's family if they provide him the account number of a bank with a branch at Nagpur. \"It is time I took legal action against the girl and her family,\" he said. Asked about his trip to Thailand, Sandeep said the woman's family had sponsored the journey, and he had no qualms in accepting it.Pahurkar claimed her family was contacted by Sandeep in April last year after her details appeared in a matrimonial column. Sandeep visited the Pahurkar residence and also invited her family to Nagpur. The two started communicating over phone.In her FIR, Pahurkar asserted that in June 2011 Sandeep had requested her for a loan of Rs 1.60 lakh. He wanted to repay some money he had taken on loan while purchasing his medical shop. Sandeep had promised to repay the loan before marriage.In due course, Pahurkar said she started unearthing facts about Sandeep, including his relations with number of other women, and that he had furnished misleading information on matrimonial sites. \"I want my money back but more than that my aim is to socially expose Sandeep for the games he has been playing with women,\" said Pahurkar. She has sought help from local social worker and political activist Nutan Rewatkar to help her in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12567122", "title": "Chinese software, IT revenue to touch $635bn", "text": "BEIJING: China's software and IT was expected to fetch a revenue of $635 billion by 2015, according to new official projections.The revenue of China's software and information technology (IT) industry will increase at an annual growth rate of over 24.5 per cent to exceed $635 billion by 2015, according to development plan unveiled today by the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology.Software exports will amount to $60 billion by 2015, while the revenue of China's IT service sector is expected to top 2.5 trillion yuan, it said.The research input of the country's 100 largest software companies will account for at least 10 per cent of their revenues by 2015, state-run Xinhua news agency reported.China is aiming to increase its focus on the software industry.The country will have more than 10 cities with software revenues exceeding 100 billion yuan and two to three software industrial zones with revenues topping 500 billion yuan by 2015, report added.The country's software and IT industry saw revenues rise 32.4 per cent year-on-year to 1.84 trillion yuan in 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565729", "title": "Eat well, work out to beat constipation", "text": "PUNE: Software professionals, policemen, bankers and teachers make for 60 per cent of patients suffering from constipation and piles in Pune.The remaining senior citizens leading a sedentary lifestyle, a study conducted by a city-based proctologist, said. Eating more whole grains, fruits and vegetables, drinking plenty of water and physical exercise can prevent the condition, experts said.Saturday is world Health Day and 'Good health adds life to years' is the theme.\"Two years ago, we would diagnose around 30 to 40 patients each month suffering from constipation and Grade 1 and 2 piles. The number has increased to 300 new cases per month, now. These patients are strictly on medicine and a high fibre-diet regimen,\" said colo-proctosurgeon Ashwin Porwal.Proctology is a branch of medicine that deals with the diagnosis and treatment of disorders affecting the colon, rectum, and anus.At least seven per cent of young people in the city's population suffer from constipation, piles and other stomach-related problems. \"Poor diet, lack of exercise, smoking , and excess alcohol, and even poor sleep may contribute to these illnesses or be their primary cause,\" consultant surgeon Paresh Gandhi said.Gastro-enterologist Harshal Gadhikar said, \"The incidence of constipation is 10 to 15 patients per 1,000 people in the city's population. Poor eating habits and sedentary lifestyle are the reasons for constipation among them.\"\"Apart from a sedentary lifestyle and lack of physical activity, software professionals are more into junk food and aerated soft drinks. Junk food is high in carbohydrates and lacks essential fibres which make them susceptible to constipation,\" Porwal said.Aerated soft drinks are an instant source of energy but deprived of high fibre diet which provides energy slowly and steadily, helping proper digestion. Constipation is a root cause of many lifestyle diseases and many software professionals are prone to diseases like piles, obesity , hypertension and diabetes , he added.As for bankers, many have regular food habits, but they sit in one place for hours.\"Whenever a person sits in one place, blood flowing towards the heart from the legs is affected. This blood remains in the veins for a long time in areas like calf muscles and legs leading to dilation of blood vessels causing varicose veins. Similarly, veins remain dilated for long in the bottom region causing piles. Low physical activity leads to decreased basal metabolic rate (BMR) which eventually leads to constipation,\" Porwal saidIn the case of policemen, irregular eating habits are to blame. \"They have erratic lunch hours and dinner is usually late at night after which they go to sleep immediately. BMR is low during the night and it explains why they suffer from constipation.\"Moreover, they have to stand for long hours and hence develop piles early. \"Like sitting, standing for long hours also affects blood circulation from legs to the heart leading to more dilation of the vessels in the legs and seat region causing piles,\" Porwal said.Teachers, who prefer to stand while teaching, tend to develop piles. \"Constipation in teachers is due to physical inactivity. Since health awareness is high among teachers, they see a doctor more often,\" Porwal said.Furred tongue, stale breath, sudden headaches, dizziness, lethargy, drowsiness, heaviness in the lower abdomen, bloating, abdominal pain and rumbling in the stomach, decreased appetite are the signs of constipation.Early signs of piles are burning sensation, itching, mild constipation and a constant feeling of heaviness or mild swelling in the anal region.\"People usually associate blood in stool to piles. However, this is a myth. The reality is that only 30% of patients suffering from piles will pass blood in the stools and rest of 70 % will have either of the symptoms like burning, itching and constipation,\" Porwal said.Diet plays a big role in preventing constipation and piles. \"One has to add fibre to the diet if one is suffering from constipation. Include fresh salads, fruits, greens in diet and increase water intake as well. Your entire digestion and bowel movements depend on the body's physical activity,\" said clinical nutritionist Dhanashree Karmarkar.Eating fiber to prevent constipation and piles*A daily intake of 25-30 grams of fibre should be included in a person's diet.High fibre foods areCereals : Oats, maize, barley, jowar, bajra, whole wheat and ricePulses and legumes: Masoor, Moong, black beans and sproutsVegetables: Ladies' finger, raddish, beans, cucumber, corn, broccoli, peas, carrot onion, tomato, beetroot, leafy greens.Milk products: Skim milk, yoghurt and buttermilkFruits: Apple, avocado, guava, fig, date, apricot, orange, pear, banana pomegranate, plum, peach, kiwi fruit and grapes.Dry fruits: Almonds, chestnuts, dried coconuts, walnuts and flaxseed.FLUIDS :* Drink 3-4 litres of fluids daily* Include soups and beverages too like coconut water, herbal tea, clear soups and fruit juices", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12566013", "title": "Jayalalithaa gets over radiation fear, may visit US ship", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu CM J Jayalalithaa is likely to be among the highprofile guests at a dinner party on board a ship accompanying USS Carl Vinson on April 9. Official sources said the CM was keen to take part in the final day celebrations of the nuclear-powered aircraft carrier calling on Chennai Port as part of the Malabar exercise. She is yet to officially confirm her participation though.While a guest list of 30 VVIPs from Chennai, including Tamil Nadu governor K Rosaiah, has been drawn up, the CM's name does not figure in it yet. But state officials were confident that the CM would take part in the dinner being held to mark the three-day visit of USS Carl Vinson to the city.\"Indian officials have invited the Tamil Nadu governor, the chief minister, chief secretary Debendranath Sarangi, home secretary G Rajagopal and few senior bureaucrats and defence officials for the event. Until Friday, 30 dignitaries had confirmed their participation. We hope the CM will participate, too,\" said an official.Not too long ago, when the USS Nimitz, another nuclear-armed aircraft carrier, was to anchor off the Chennai port, the AIADMK chief had opposed it saying the ship's visit would expose Chennai to \"grave hazards of radiation\". In 2007, Jayalalithaa had objected to the ship coming to the Chennai harbour, saying permission should not be granted to such a \"deadly and disastrous\" vessel to enter Indian waters.The nuclear-powered USS Carl Vinson ( CVN-70) became famous when the US military made it known that the ship's deck was used to dispose of the body of Osama bin Laden in the Indian Ocean. The ship is in the region to take part in the 2012 edition of the annual Indo-US Naval exercise \"Malabar\" being held in the Bay of Bengal and beginning Saturday. The 10-day exercise, which will go on until April 16, will see the participation of frontline units from Navies of both India and the US. The Harbour phase, scheduled from April 7 to 9, is being held in Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567994", "title": "Music launch of 'Grandmaster'", "text": "The music launch of Mohanlal-starrer Grandmaster took place at a city hotel on Wednesday. The do began a little late as the star got delayed while travelling from another shoot.On his arrival, guests at the do - cast and crew, other film personalities, film distributors as well as the media actually stood up in silence and stayed so till Mohanlal himself sat down. A mark of respect for talent indeed! During his brief talk, Mohanlal solemnly apologised for the delay and also informed guests that he would have to leave early as well, as he had to be at the hospital where his mother has been admitted for over two months now.Also present at the do was director B Unnikrishnan who ensured all his guests were comfortable. Actors Roma and Narain, who feature in the film, were seen mingling with other film personalities like Lakshmi Gopalaswamy and Anoop Menon. We overheard Lakshmi gushing over Narain, congratulating him on his fab look in the trailer.The man of the moment, Deepak Dev, seemed visibly thrilled with the response that he got for the three songs that were aired at the do. While the thriller features just three songs, the album has a few remixed versions of the same. We suspect that Roma's number Aaranu Nee will soon be a popular pick at the city's hotspots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12563545", "title": "Crime branch cop commits suicide in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: A soon-to-be-married police constable Gajanan Inzalkar committed suicide by consuming poison in a lodge in Amravati. The body of 30-year-old Inzalkar, who was attached to Yavatmal Crime Branch, was found in Rukmini Lodge at railway station square on Thursday night.According to information Inzalkar had left home on Tuesday telling his family members that he is going to Mehkar to attend a friend's wedding and would return on Wednesday. When Inzalkar did not return on Wednesday, his family members frantically called on his mobile but his phone was switched off.It has been learnt that Inzalkar's wedding was slated for April 27. On Wednesday he had contacted his cousin and sought the details of the marriage preparations but after Wednesday he did not contact anyone.Some colleagues of Inzalkar traced the last location of his mobile phone to railway station square, Amravati, instead of Mehkar. They immediately came to Amravati and checked all lodges and hotels located in railway station square and found that Inzalkar had checked in at Rukmini Lodge. When they peeped through the window of Inzalkar's room they found him lying in critical condition. Inzalkar had ended his life by consuming poison. City Kotwali police rushed the spot and did panchnama.PI S Bachate said, \"The reason behind his suicide is yet to be known. We are investigating the matter. He was an introvert. We did not get any suicide note from Inzalkar.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564474", "title": "Another cong salvo at speaker Rohani", "text": "BHOPAL: The Congress on Friday trained its guns yet again on Madhya Pradesh assembly speaker Ishwardas Rohani, alleging he was linked to people connected with the banned Students' Islamic Movement of India (SIMI) and Jamait-Ahl-e-Hadees.Following up on the broadsides at the speaker last month by AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh and MPCC chief Kantilal Bhuria , it was state congress spokesman JP Dhanopia who led the charge on Friday.He produced what he claimed were legal documents filed in Jabalpur law courts as evidence'' that Rohani was linked to Abdul Razzak, chief of the Jamait-Ahl-e-Hadees in Jabalpur. Dhanopia said police records shwed that Razzak's son Sartaj is linked to SIMI and that both father and son are part of illegal mining operations in Jabalpur and neighbouring districts.On March 28, AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh had demanded a probe by the National Investigating Agency ( NIA) into Razzak's activities and his alleged association with the speaker. Rohani had then denied he had anything to do with Razzak and gone on to say he would quit politics if the charges were proved.But Dhanopia on Friday waved Razzak's alleged statement before a legal court in case number ST/778/2001 on September 15, 2003, in which he purportedly said that he and four accomplices had gone to Rohani's residence at 10 am and stayed there till 11:45 am. Thereafter, he and his brother proceeded to attend a court hearing, when the latter was shot at.What was an anti-social doing for that long in the house of a prominent politician?'' asked Dhanopia. Before he became speaker in 2003, Rohani was the deputy speaker in the state assembly during the congress's tenure, which was when the meeting that Razzak reportedly mentioned took place.Quoting from an appeal filed by Razzak's arch rival Mehboob Ali before the Jabalpur High Court in 2008, Dhanopia said it mentioned that Mehboob had submitted a complaint and an affidavit to the President and the Human Rights Commission, accusing then city superintendent of police Arun Mishra, police station in-charge Rajesh Tiwari, inspector general of police Upendra Jain and Rohani of threatening him with dire consequences if he did not withdraw his statements against Razzak in various criminal cases.Mehboob told the High Court that all those mentioned in his affidavit had threatened to falsely implicate him in cases of murder or drug trafficking, if he did not take back his statements against Razzak,'' Dhanopia argued. This is court document and it proves that the Speaker has been protecting Abdul Razzak and has also been associated with him for a long time.'' He claimed.The congress, he maintained wants Rohani to quit office, for his connections with a man having close links with banned radical outfits.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564390", "title": "TOI scribe gets award", "text": "INDORE: Ashish Gaur, a senior correspondent with The Times of India at Indore, has won the 16th Gopikrishna Gupta Memorial Award for reporting. Suchendra Mishra and Vijay Chaudhary of the Hindi daily Patrika have been awarded the second and third prizes respectively.The award was instituted in memory of senior journalist Gopikrishna Gupta by the Sports Club of Indore. It would be presented at a function at Jal Auditorium on June 9. The Club will also felicitate veteran journalist Shravan Garg for his contributions to the profession.Sumedha Puranik of Nai Dunia, Pranay Chauhan of Dainik Bhaskar, Sheetal Rai of Sanjha Lokswami and Prem Vijay Patil of Nai Dunia will also be awarded on the occasion.The organizers said Gaur was awarded for his reports on the human drug trials in Indore. The reports published in The Times of India had stirred a national debate on allegedly unethical drug trials . Taking cognizance of the reports, the National Human Rights Commission (NHRC) had issued notice to the Madhya Pradesh government, and a PIL was also filed in Supreme Court on the issue.The award comprises Rs 11,000 cash and certificate as a prize.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12571276", "title": "T-town\u2019s new Charmi?", "text": "Looks like Krishna Vamsi is on a high ever since he roped in Nani as his lead in his next film, which is tentatively called \"Janda Pai Kapiraju\".What's making him happier is that he roped in newbie Shefali Sharma (rechristened Lucky Sharma) for the film too. It is said that the lady has no qualms in revealing and wearing skimpy clothes, showing off her oomph. She is now being compared Charmi and the buzz doing the rounds about Shefali is that she might just be the second Charmi in the industry.Krishna Vamsi is known for direction in films like \" Samudram\" \" Rakhi\" with NTR Jr, \"Chandamama\" with Kajal Agarwal, and \" Mogudu\" starring Gopichand and Taapsee Pannu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12564354", "title": "CEC's early byelection talk worries Congress", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Chief election commissioner S Y Quraishi's announcement on Friday that bypolls to 18 constituencies in the state would be held before the Presidential election has stumped Congress. The party is hoping for more time to work out its strategy to take on Jaganmohan Reddy's YSR Congress. Chief electoral officer Bhanwarlal's statement that they are prepared to hold the byelections any time as per the EC's directions has the Congress camp worrying.While the ruling party is ill-prepared, both YSR Congress and TDP have already started campaigning in some of the assembly segments where bypolls are due. With Jagan taking the bypolls as a prestige issue and Chandrababu Naidu wanting to prove a point or two, the Congress should have outlined its contingency plans by now, but infighting and groupism have the party tied in knots.Although PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana and chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy have reconciled, the situation at the ground level is worrisome. In fact, the high command's decision to include MPs and local ministers in the constituency-level coordination committees could trigger more problems as they are not on talking terms with one another.For example, Guntur MP Rayapati Sambasiva Rao hurriedly held a meeting with rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad to review the political situation in the Prattipadu segment. Curiously, the high command wanted senior minister Kanna Lakshminarayana to lead the electioneering in this segment. Sources said the Rayapati camp was miffed with the high command's decision to send Rajya Sabha member J D Seelam as its nominee to coordinate with Kanna. Insiders said Rayapati camp will keep away from the election if they are not allowed a free hand in the byelection. \"Prattipadu segment has a considerable population of Kammas and revolt by Rayapati would hurt the Congress fortunes badly,\" a senior leader observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564112", "title": "Sadda Sector 17 goes international", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Saturday nights bring out the best in Sector 17. Love birds get cozy around the fountains, teenagers scamper from one shop to another and middle-aged office-goers soak in moments of tranquility after a week of mad rush. Women have their own weeklong pending agenda. Cash registers keep ringing in furiously, playing the catch up game with Eminem and Akon. The watering holes are full and beer guzzlers eagerly await WWE action on LED screens.But this Saturday is going to be different, in fact, completely different. The razzmatazz will not be at the plaza but opposite it, at Circus Ground, where Bollywood celebrities and blood-thirsty fighters will hold centre stage in the Super Fight League-2.Malaika Arora Khan, Minissha Lamba , Raj Kundra and Shamita Shetty are some of the names that will add glitz to the show. But following them will be a few obscure names, which everybody is going to remember for a long time to come. Whether it is awe, fear or just the intensity of spectacle, this Saturday night is going to stick in everyone's mind.Super Fight Private Ltd founders Raj Kundra and Sanjay Dutt have promised that Super Fight League is going to be a big draw among Punjabis as they love 'fights'.Likening it to a Bollywood movies they say, \"It's like a movie, there is song and dance and then some action.\" But the blood that comes out will be real.The 'organized street fight' with three rounds of five minutes each is bound to swell even the most chicken-hearted man with bravado and jingoism. Only one fighter, who survives those no-holds-bar 15 minutes inside a cage, comes out winner. For Punjabis by heart, there is a mother of all fights where two women fighters will lock horns with each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jeddah", "code": "12570927", "title": "Pathetic life for an Indian in Saudi Arabia ends", "text": "JEDDAH: A 45-year-old Indian stranded in Saudi Arabia for about 18 years would be soon going home after authorities granted him an exit visa on humanitarian grounds.The victim, P Periyaswamy of Karkudi village at Perambalur district in Tamil Nadu was stranded in Saudi Arabia becasue his private sponsor neither allowd him to leave nor paid his salaries.He came to work as a shepherd in the Hail region in 1994. Periyaswamy never confronted his Saudi sponsor in the hope that he would be allowed to go home one day, Indian consulate in Jeddah said.Out of depression , Periyaswamy had even attempted to commit suicide.On seeing his pitiable condition, some kind-hearted Saudi citizens complained to the police.Subsequently, the private sponsor was arrested and ordered to pay the dues and air ticket to Periyasamy. He had no travel documents with him.On Wednesday, he filed a complaint with the consulate and pleaded to take up his case with the Saudi authorities.After learning about Periyaswamy's situation, the governorate instructed the concerned authorities to repatriate him immediately after paying his salary dues.On its part, the Indian Consulate issued him an emergency travel pass for a single journey to India.The Indian consulate is making efforts to locate the family of Periyaswamy with whom he lost touch for the last 18 years.Periyaswamy talks to his family after 18 years (Updated: 08/04/2012 , 9:15pm)After much effort, the Indian Consulate in Jeddah met with success as it could locate the family of Periyaswamy. It was a tearful scene as Periyaswamy spoke to his brother. Periyaswamy was highly delighted and inquired about his mother and brothers. He would be buying some gifts for his family members.In the meantime, the salary dues of Periyaswamy (more than Rs 11 lakhs) have been deposited into Consulate's account. As Periyaswamy has no bank account, he had requested the Saudi Police to deposit his salary dues with the Indian Consulate. The money would be transferred to Periyaswamy's bank account once he reaches India and opens an account at his native place.The news of Periyaswamy being alive has filled his relatives with joy.Periyaswamy would be deported to India within a week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564822", "title": "Nach-gaana OK, perform better", "text": "BANGALORE: The Kempegowda award presentation held here on Friday provided chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda a forum to hold forth on his understanding about his \"raj dharma\". \"Serving the state is an opportunity to serve the people. But some politicians have misused the office for their personal interests and survival,\" Gowda said. Given the internecine feud in the ruling BJP , it was clear that Gowda's barb was aim8ed at his detractors in the party, who are gunning for his chair.The chief minister was curt even while appreciating the corporators' cultural performances on the occasion. \"I will give you pass marks for the songs that you have sung. But you will finally be judged by 85 lakh Bangaloreans, who are closely watching you through your actions. You need to be in the creamy layer by scoring 90%, if you want to remain relevant in politics,\" Gowda said.Referring to the Airport Authority of India's approval to rename Bengaluru International Airport after Kempe Gowda, the CM said an all-party delegation would go to the national capital to get the Union cabinet's nod for the same.\"A statue of Kempe Gowda astride a horse will be installed in Vidhana Soudha. Bangalore's lakes need to be taken care of. To begin with, this year, Kempambudhi and Yediyur lakes will be rejuvenated. The BBMP can clean only 30% of the city, it is the duty of every Bangalorean to keep the entire city clean,\" he said.Chaos, Bmp StyleNot surprisingly, the Kempe Gowda award presentation ceremony was badly organized. The list of 45 awardees was expanded to 50 at the last minute.A mild shower took those standing outside the venue unawares. A power cut interrupted the CM's speech for some time. Shivajinagar MLA Roshan Baig provided some food for thought on the occasion. \"In Bangalore, only the rich can eat out after midnight, as only five-star hotels serve food at that hour. The CM must set up at least eight food courts in the city. Small hotels which serve hot idlis till midnight have disappeared now,\" he said. Gowda refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565059", "title": "Syllabus row misplaced: Teachers", "text": "KOLKATA: The \"proposed move\" to drop Marx, Engels and the Bolshevik Revolution from school syllabus in the state kicked off a fierce debate in political circles on Friday, but those who teach history in schools feel the war of words is of little significance because both sides jumped the gun without checking the history syllabus.The man who triggered the debate by revealing the plan to revamp the history syllabus, chairman of the syllabus reforms committeee Avik Mazumdar, went silent on Friday. \"Please don't ask me. I can't comment anymore,\" he said.Nevertheless, politicians continued their thrust and parry through the day with CPM politburo member Brinda Karat thundering that students and parents would give a fitting reply to the move and Trinamool Congress MP Derek O'Brien saying history didn't begin with the Bolsheviks and end with the Basus and Bhattacharjees.Even some of the members of the syllabus reforms committee wondered how the chairman made such comments. \"There was no instruction from the government to drop Marx or the Bolshevik Revolution from the history syllabus. Neither was this discussed in the meeting. The draft of the amended syllabus has not even been finalised yet. It will be placed for final discussion on April 11,\" a committee member said.West Bengal Higher Secondary Council president Muktinath Chattopadhyay, who is also a member of the committee, said: \"There is no specific mention of Marx and Engels in the higher secondary syllabus.\"Ishita Dasgupta, who teaches history in a higher secondary school gave chapter-wise details of the history syllabus for Class XI and XII. \"Have a look at the Class XI history syllabus. The section named 'Revolutions - the World Scenario' begins with the American War of Independence and is followed by the French Revolution, Napoleon, the Vienna Settlement and the First World War. The portion on the First World War also describes the Bolshevik Revolution or the Russian Revolution. The syllabus then moves on to the post-First World War scenario with reference to Lenin and his New Economic Policy, Roosevelt, the rise of Hitler and Mussolini and also the Great Depression of 1932,\" Dasgupta said.The section in Class XII deals with the Second World War and the communist challenge and describes the revolutions in China and Vietnam and details how the USSR became powerful during this time. The Cuban crisis is dealt with in the section dealing with the Cold War. \"The syllabus doesn't end here. It gives a picture of the New World Order with the fall of the USSR and debacle of socialism in East Europe . It also deals with the emergence of the unipolar world with a chapter on the United Nations . These are the contours of the history syllabus,\" she said.Dasgupta pointed out that Marx and Engels are taught along with George Washington and Gandhi in Class VIII. \"I have no problem if the syllabus reforms committee suggests the inclusion of Bangladesh and Sri Lanka in the higher secondary syllabus. But I am surprised that the chairman made a loaded comment about the Bolshevik Revolution saying there was no reference to the American War of Independence in the history syllabus. How can I teach First World War without a reference to Russia ?\" she said.Prabal Sengupta of Darjeeling government school was also taken aback with the proposed change. \"How can one do away with Bolshevik Revolution? As far as I remember there is no mention of Marx and Engels in Class XI and XII. I am a member of the syllabus committee. Nothing like what has come out in the media was discussed in our meeting,\" he said.Leader of the opposition in the assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra reserved his comment on the issue. \"I am yet to understand what changes they are asking for. Let me go through the proposals first,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "12563657", "title": "Feeder buses up to Haryana govt: Delhi Metro", "text": "GURGAON: Even as the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) plans to acquire 300 feeder buses for the Metro network, there is no immediate plan to put them on Gurgaon roads. However, the Haryana Roadways officials said they were planning to improve feeder bus service in the city as a part of the city bus service.A DMRC official said that except for Delhi, the DMRC is not providing any feeder bus service in the NCR (National Capital Region). These buses will ply on approved routes in Delhi only and there in such plan for other areas including Gurgaon, as of now. \"DMRC's primary job is running metro trains; it is the state's matter and the respective administration's job to provide bus facilities,\" he said. But he added that a future possibility of including other regions of NCR in the plan always remains.Meanwhile, the Haryana Roadways general manager (Gurgaon) Yashendra Singh said there was an expansion plan for feeder bus service in the city which would a become a reality by the start of next month. Presently, feeder buses are running on two routes.Singh further said commuters could look forward for better service in May. In the absence of efficient feeder service for the Metro, commuters are facing difficulties in getting last mile connectivity. In such a scenario, it is private auto rickshaws drivers who take advantage of the situation and charge exorbitant fares from the commuters.The Haryana Roadways plan to introduce 50 buses as a part of the city bus service by April-end and buses on the routes will pass through major areas of the city including metro stations. According to officials, feeder buses are plying on two routes: Sikanderpur to Kendriya Vihar via DLF phase I, Sector 42, DLF Centre Court, Sun City, Sector 54, AIT Chowk, Police Station 56 and Sikanderpur to Palam Vihar via Cyber City, Udyog Vihar, Dundahera, Sector 22, Sector 23, Columbia Asia hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565078", "title": "Jaipur to have more international flights: Anand Sharma", "text": "JAIPUR: To give a push to sthe exports from Rajasthan to Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN) and gulf nations, a request for increasing number of flights from the state and the upgardation of Jaipur airport has been made to the civil aviation ministry by commerce and industry ministry.\"A need for making international airport at Jaipur at par with the other international airports in country has been felt for long time. There should be better cargo and passengers facilities. All these issues have been notified to the aviation ministry\" said Anand Sharma, Union minister for commerce and industry here on Friday.Similarly proposal for an aerotropolis at Neemrana in Alwar district has been approved in principal by the aviation ministry. Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor Development Corporation Ltd has submitted a formal application for this and non-objection certificate has been received form the defense ministry.On the national investment and manufacturing zone, minister said that Rajasthan will get two such zones and one at Khushkhera-Bhiwadi zone have been already notified by the Cabinet. The other at Jodahpur-Pali will be developed later.\"Government of India will fund the entire cost of trunk infrastructure of Rs 2,500 crore over five years for the NIMZ. But for the internal infrastructure a special purpose vehicle will be formed for which GOI will give viability gap funding,\" said Sharma.Pressing the need for opening Indian markets in multi brand retail, Sharam said that it is important for the for rural development and broad consensus among all the stake holders have been made.Sharma also attended a Industry Roundtable organized by the confederation of Indian Industry and interacted with the members of textile export promotion council.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565671", "title": "Who is this second IAS officer?", "text": "LUCKNOW: At a time when CBI officials are finding it tough to make a watertight case against senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla to arrest or even chargesheet him in the NRHM scam, the surfacing of another top bureaucrat's name in the case has flummoxed the investigating officers.The name of this second IAS officer who was calling the shots during the BSP regime cropped up during the interrogation of one of the arrested accused - Nehru Yuva Kendra coordinator D P Singh.The CBI arrested Singh from Lucknow in January as he allegedly played the role of a middleman between officials of UP Jal Nigam's construction and design services (C&DS;) and private firms which got the NRHM contracts.The C&DS; worked as NRHM's nodal agency for awarding the contracts and many of its top officials are in the CBI's custody. The agency sources say that during his interrogation, Singh told the sleuths that he had close links with the IAS officer and he introduced him to the C&DS; officials.Singh also told the CBI sleuths that the said IAS officer had directed the C&DS; officials to listen to Singh's words with 'sincerity' and 'seriousness'. The sleuths say that after this, Singh started wielding considerable influence over the C&DS; officials and several work allotments. When the CBI team searched his house in Lucknow, they found seven properties of estimated value of about Rs 8 crore and five bank accounts with deposits of over Rs 1 crore.According to the CBI sources, the day agency sleuths searched the house of Pradeep Shukla and Singh, they had planned to search the house of this IAS officer as well. But such was his clout in the BSP's government that the CBI team dropped the idea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12563268", "title": "CID starts probe into TMC leader's murder", "text": "KOLKATA: The CID has officially begun investigations into the murder of Trinamool Congress leader Manik Paik who was murdered inside his residence by unidentified men on March 30. A three-member CID team visited Paik's residence over the past two days and took stock of the local police investigations.Besides looking into the statements by around 28 men who were questioned by police, the CID team is expected to grill some more people. The incident had snowballed into a major controversy since the death of Paik who had become the Canning block II president sometime ago.The CPI (M) blamed Trinamul's internal feud behind the incident. The area was represented by former minister Abdur Rezzak Molla and Paik himself was a village pradhan for the CPI (M) for more than one decade. However, Trinamool refuted any such possibility.Local police believe the attackers had a climbed a ladder and shot him through the window. The CID was roped in after the deceased's son - who had filed a FIR at the Jibantala police station against seven men - expressed his unhappiness over the probe and demanded a CID inquiry into the incident. \"The family wanted a change in the manner the case was being probed and hence the case has been transferred,\" said K K Barui, additional superintendent of South 24-Parganas.Talking to TOI, DIG (CID) K Jayaraman refused to speak on the probe. \"I can only confirm that our men were in Canning and the investigation is on in full swing. It is too early to speak on the probe right now,'' he said. Sources indicated that the role of some political activists from Canning block I and II are now under scanner.Three bullets hit Paik, who was sleeping, while his wife, who was beside him, sustained minor injury, the police said. Paik's wife said the sound of gunshot woke her up and she saw her husband lying in a pool of blood and some people fleeing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565263", "title": "HC slams CBI, says it has lost credibility", "text": "JAIPUR: The high court on Friday came down hard on CBI and observed that the agency has lost its \"credibility\" and is proving \"counterproductive\" to the aims and objectives with which it was established. The court's remarks are being considered serious in the wake of arrest of BJP MLA Rajendra Rathore by the CBI on Thursday.Without taking any politician's name Justice Mahesh Chandra Sharma pointed at CBI's biased treatment towards accused in the Dara Singh fake encounter case.\"It appears that accused in same case are being given differential treatment by CBI. You people salute an accused, offer him tea and coffee and land him behind bars facilitating his judicial custody, whereas the same CBI gets police custody of other accused for the maximum time period in the same case. The aims and objectives with which CBI was established have been compromised and the CBI is proving counterproductive to these objectives and it's high time when the agency needs to be shut down.\"The observations came on a criminal miscellaneous petition filed by Jagram, one of the police officers accused in the case. The agency had faced criticism for not seeking Rathore's custody for interrogation and filing the supplementary chargesheet without any new evidence. The former minister and presently the BJP chief whip in the assembly was sentenced to jail on Thursday by the CBI court on charges of hatching the conspiracy behind Dara Singh fake encounter.When A K Jain, then DGP (crime), surrendered before the court, the CBI had got a maximum remand of 13 days. Jagram's counsel Ajay Kumar Jain said special public prosecutor S K Saxena appointed by the CBI resides in Delhi and the CBI court is adjusting dates of trial as per his availability. Jain also said the agency only summons non-material witnesses and his plea to call material witnesses was rejected by the CBI court.\"This is travesty of justice. An accused is languishing in jail for over 11 months and the CBI is all out to deliberately delay the trial. An accused has a right to speedy trial, whether he will be punished or not is yet to be seen but he cannot be denied a speedy justice,\" observed Sharma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12563678", "title": "Fire at Margao superstore causes Rs 12 lakh damage", "text": "MARGAO: A fire broke out at Borkar Superstores in Margao early Friday morning due to a short circuit, causing a loss of 12 lakh approximately.Nitin Raikar, assistant divisional officer, fire and emergency services (F&ES;) said that they got a call at around 3.30am about the fire and rushed to the site. Raikar added that due to the heavy smoke a lot of electronic appliances such as refrigerators, air conditioners amongst others became dysfunctional while a portion of the superstore and the items in it were burnt in the fire. Raikar stated that with the water that was used to flush out the fire, a lot of items kept at the shop for sale also got damaged.Neighbours at the Pancharatna Housing Society near Borkar superstores were woken up during the night and asked to switch off all electrical appliances for fear that the fire would spread.The neighbours, who were alerted by the society's watchman, were also worried that a fast food joint behind Borkar would also catch fire but lucky, the F&ES; team arrived on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567539", "title": "Prem is back in his \u2018lovely\u2019 avatar", "text": "Prem, who was hitherto trying to break his lover boy tag with two action-packed films, Shatru and Kettavanu, is now back to doing what he does best - play lover boy.The actor has bagged Charminar , a love story which will be directed by R Chandru.Sources say that the director was initially trying to rope in Ganesh, Ajay or Kitty for the lead role, but eventually settled for Prem. \"Probably, I'm the loveliest of all Kannada heroes,\" chuckles Prem. On a serious note, the actor adds, \"Though I have moved on from the Lovely Star image with Shatru, Chandru still considers me as a lover boy. I'm thrilled to be a part of the film.\"So, why the title Charminar ? \"The movie has got nothing to do with the monument in Hyderabad. Charminar means four pillars. It has an impressive storyline, which has been kept under wraps,\" says Prem, who also has the Roopa Iyer-directorial love story Chandra in his kitty.A quick look at Prem's last few releases, however, reveals that they didn't take the box office by storm . While Jothe Jotheyalli was mired in controversy, Dhan Dhana Dan did not set the cash registers ringing.His last film, Mathe Banni Preethsona , too was a flop, despite the fact that it was released twice. So, how did he manage to get hold of these projects? \" Mathe Banni Preethsona was not a flop. If it was, the makers would not have released it twice. A film's success doesn't depend on the number of days it runs in theatres. In fact, my performance in the film was appreciated and that matters a lot to me,\" he asserts.These days, Prem is busy with the dubbing for Charminar . \"This is an advance birthday (April 18) gift for me,\" says Prem.He is also gearing up for Chandra . \"Roopa's last film, Mukha Puta , gave her international recognition and fetched her accolades. She is a sensible director and I was impressed by her story narration. I'm looking forward to working with her,\" says the actor, who is learning kalaripayattu, for the film.Contributed by Mahesh H", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564015", "title": "Organic litchi set to hit market", "text": "PATNA: Come summer and luscious litchis from Bihar are in high demand, not only in India but also abroad. Keeping in view the rising demand for organic food in the country, farmers of north Bihar this season have come up with their organic litchis to attract new clientele for their delicious product.\"About 2,100 farmers in Muzaffarpur district have grown organic litchis in as much as 1,200 hectare of land covering 76 villages of Motipur, Meenapur and Kanti blocks,\" said Kundan Kumar Raju, project officer of International Panacea limited (IPL), Muzaffarpur, an organization that provides inputs for organic farming. \"We are expecting to produce around 15,000 metric tonne of organic litchis this year,\" Raju said.The organic litchis will be of better quality and produce less chemical residue. It is grown with the help of vermi-compost and bio-fertilizers without using any pesticide.The IPL, in collaboration with National Agricultural Co-operation Marketing Federation ( NAFED), started a joint venture in Muzaffarpur district about three years back. \"They informed farmers about the advantages of organic farming and encouraged them to switch to it. Consequently, interested farmers entered into a three-year contract with us. Now their hard work is set to pay dividends,\" Raju said.\"So far as certification is concerned, it is a three-stage process. The organic litchis produced here have already got C1 and C2 certificates. The final stage certificate, which is known as C3 certificate, would be given by OneCert Asia Agri Certification Private Limited, Jaipur, in May,\" he said.\"There is a big market for litchis in states like UP, Delhi and Maharashtra. Earlier, in south India, the market was confined to Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka. Now Kerala is also showing interest in Bihari litchis. They are more interested in importing organic litchis being produced in Bihar,\" said Rakesh Kumar, the Muzaffarpur district horticulture officer. \"It is difficult for us to meet the demand for organic litchis from international markets,\" he added.\"Bihar government gifts about 1,000kg of litchis every year to dignitaries like the country's president, vice-president, prime minister and other Union ministers. This season they will also get organic litchis,\" said Sarvajeet Kumar, deputy director of horticulture.Litchi has been one of the USPs of Bihar, which contributes about 55% of the total litchi production in the country. Other than organic litchi, Bihar's famous 'shahi litchi' is also expected to be in good demand this time, too. \"The 'shahi litchi' has a good amount of pulp and a very good aroma that even the Chinese litchi lacks,\" said Kumar. Incidentally, China is the biggest producer of litchi in the world. India holds the second position.Last year, the state had produced more than 3 lakh metric tonne of litchi. \"This time, we are expecting a 10% rise in litchi production. Moreover, last year, around 25% of the litchis were damaged due to bad weather. This time weather is favourable and we expect a good crop,\" said Vishal Nath, director, National Research Centre for Litchi, Mushahari, Muzaffarpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563676", "title": "2 centralized garbage treatment plants for Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The government has planned to set up two centralized hi-tech garbage treatment plants for waste generated by 189 village panchayats in the state.It has also asked all municipal councils and one corporation to submit a status report on the setting up of a garbage treatment plant in their jurisdiction within a week.Speaking to TOI, urban development minister Francisco D'Souza said, \"We are planning to have two centralized hi-tech garbage treatment plants in Goa to treat the garbage generated in village panchayats' jurisdiction.\"The government is in the process of setting up the first centralized hi-tech garbage plant. \"There is a possibility that we may set it up at Verna . We have to identify the land in Verna industrial estate,\" D'Souza said.He also said that it is not feasible for each village panchayat to have its own garbage treatment plant and especially not financially viable for smaller panchayats.\"We have to see whether a garbage treatment plant is commercially viable in all village panchayats, that is why we have put forth the idea of having two centralized hi-tech garbage treatment plants,\" D'Souza said.So far, only Bicholim, Cuncolim and Sanquelim have treatment plants that are functioning smoothly. A few village panchayats have moved for land acquisition to set up a garbage treatment plant in the state.The minister has decided to hold a meeting with chief officers and chairmen of all the municipalities to discuss and expedite the setting up of garbage treatment plants, soon after the status report is submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12569744", "title": "Dara widow sought prosecution sanction of AGI, CBI director", "text": "JAIPUR: In yet another twist to the Dara Singh encounter case, wife of the deceased Sushila Devi has written to the Prime Minister demanding prosecution against AGI Goolam E Vahanvati and CBI director A P Singh for \"deliberately shielding main accused Rajendra Singh Rathore\" in her husband's fake encounter case.Dara Singh, a resident of village Mundital in Rajasthan, was allegedly killed by Special Operation Group in the outskirts of Jaipur on October 23, 2006. On a petition filed by Dara's wife, Supreme Court had directed the CBI to take up the investigation.The letter written by Sushila Devi to PM Manmohan Singh reads: \"Both these functionaries acted in concert and conspiracy so that Rajendra Rathore is not chargesheeted and inquiry was kept pending against them. Rathore be chargesheeted was the recommendation upto director (Prosecution) but was aborted at the level of director CBI.\"\"PMO has also sought an explanation on the issue, but we have not been communicated the final result, we will approach the Supreme Court, who is monitoring the matter in case the prosecution sanction is denied,\" said Sheesh Ram, brother of deceased Dara.Vahanvati was approached by the CBI for his opinion on the issue of arrest of Rajendra Singh Rathore, BJP MLA and chief whip in state assembly, at the time of filing of main chargesheet in May 2011.As per a circular of the Union government, any matter where there arises a dispute between director prosecution and the director of CBI the matter can be sent for opinion of AGI.In his noting, the CBI director prosecution on April 15, 2011 categorically maintained that he was fully convinced that Rathore should be chargesheeted along with all other accused as there was \"material evidence\" against him and nothing more is required to be placed on record to show his nexus and role in the entire conspiracy.\"The CBI has even got the warrants issued for arrest of Rathore in 2011 itself but the additional director CBI as also director CBI on April 17, 2011 wrote a wrong noting which was endorsed later by G E Vahanvati resulting in a year's delay in filing of supplementary chargesheet and arrest of the main accused. Even the supplementary chargesheet too is without any new evidence,\" alleged Sheesh Ram, elder brother of deceased Dara.In the copy of opinion tendered to CBI by Vahanvati and supplied by counsel for Rathore Ajay Kumar Jain, it has been given out that A K Singh, director of the CBI, in his comments on arrest of Rathore wrote, \"In my view, therefore, we may prosecute all the accused, as recommended by HOZ and DOP, except Rajendra Singh Rathore in the first stage and collect more evidence of his involvement during the custodial examination of others.''\"Even though an argument may be advanced that policeman who break the law at the instance of politicians or for their advantage should not suffer alone and face the consequences, such sympathy may be misplaced as those who exceed or misuse their powers do so to their own peril,\" Ram added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "12571108", "title": "Education for all still a distant dream in J&K;: CAG", "text": "JAMMU: The Comptroller and Auditor General has pulled up the Jammu and Kashmir government for financial irregularities, fund diversion and non-monitoring of Central education programmes, saying that it has resulted in education for all a \"distant dream\" in the state.\"Despite all efforts of Government of India (GoI) and State Government, education for all still remains a distant dream,\" the CAG report for the 2010-11, which was tabled in J&K; Assembly recently, said.The CAG painted a grim picture of the Centre's flagship programmes Sarva Shikhsha Abhiyan and mid-day meal in the state as the government failed to implement these schemes.\"Non-preparation of long and short term plans based on ground realities, non-monitoring of schemes at all the levels and inadequate internal control mechanism had hampered the implementation of the programmes at school and zonal levels,\" the report said.The auditor further revealed that government has conducted a mid-term appraisal of the ongoing Sarva Shikhsha Abhiyan and mid-day meal schemes for possible corrections.\"Cases of financial irregularities, advances paid and await adjustment accounts, diversion of funds, abandoned school buildings resulting in unproductive expenditure were noticed in a large number of cases, which had dented programmes implementation,\" it said.The official auditor also found the huge unspent balances at every level.The report revealed that 3,256 habitations (12 per cent) at the state-level were without any schooling facility.Though the teacher-pupil ratio in test-checked schools was 1:12 and within the prescribed norm of 1:40, 718 schools out of the 7,016 institutions were run by one teacher only, it added.Despite an increase in the number of government schools, the enrolment of students had decreased, it said. Private schools are given preference by parents owing to the lack of infrastructure in government schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564502", "title": "Cable work gets delayed, no respite for commuters", "text": "HYDERABAD: Prolonging the agony of commuters, the ongoing electrification works on the road connecting Chaderghat and Salar Jung bridges are likely to go on for another two months.Almost one and a half years ago, the APTransco had started the work to lay a 9 km-long underground power cable line from DMRL (behind Owaisi Hospital) to Imlibun. While the project itself is close to completion, works on the stretch from Chaderghat to Salar Jung Museum have been delayed throwing traffic on the road out of gear.An official at the Mahatma Gandhi Bus Station (MGBS) admitted that traffic management at the exit of the depot was proving impossible. \"If more than two buses exit the depot at the same time, it results in a traffic jam. The road digging work restricts the transit of buses on the road,\" he said.\"This road has been witnessing higher traffic density in recent times as traffic management has improved near Nayapul bridge. The digging on the road has also added to the congestion, particularly near the exit of MGBS depot,\" said Bhaskar, inspector of Mirchowk traffic police station.The locals however are not convinced. \"The road has been dug up at several points but work is not progressing. At some places water has also collected. We were told that the work would be completed in a month's time when it began but given its slow pace, it is unlikely to finish anytime soon,\" said Shaik Khaleed, a footwear store owner near Chaderghat.Officials of APTransco say that the delay in obtaining permission from Railways for laying cables around Malakpet railway station is slowing down the pace of works. \"Most of the work is done. We have to only lay connecting wires from Imlibun substation to Nalgonda croassroads. But we can only do this by circumventing the railway station,\" said an engineer associated with Transco. He informed that work would be completed in two months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "london", "code": "12565527", "title": "Bruni hides under wig for metro rides", "text": "LONDON: After America's Michelle Obama , French first lady Carla Bruni has admitted to going around in Paris incognito to avoid the paparazzi , often travelling on the city's metro sporting a wig.\"Fame doesn't weigh me down, and anyway I disguise myself literally and figuratively . With a wig on, nobody recognizes me in the metro,\" the 44-year-old former Italian supermodel-turned singer told the Nouvel Observateur magazine.The plot clearly worked, she added as \"recently, I had my handbag searched in the Musee de la Marine (Marine museum)\" in Paris, where security guards failed to notice they were dealing with French president Nicolas Sarkozy's wife.However, Carla Bruni is no stranger to going undercover . When Sarkozy warned her in 2007 that dating him was \"no gift\" as she would be hounded by paparazzi, she reportedly replied, \"When it comes to the celebrity press, you are an amateur. My affair with Mick (Jagger) stayed secret for eight years. We passed through all the capitals of the world and no photographer ever caught us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12558195", "title": "Indira, Subbarami Reddy hosted a dinner for Padma Bhushan awardees", "text": "To felicitate Padma Bhushan awardees Dharmendra, Shabana Azmi and B Muthuraman, Indira and Dr T Subbarami Reddy, MP, hosted a dinner in the capital.Shabana came with husband Javed Akhtar , who kept stealing glances at her while she mingled with the guests.A bevy of political heavyweights braved the sweltering summer evening and waited patiently for the star guests to arrive. Once they did, 'Garam Dharam' kept his cool despite being formally clad, and smiled benignly as a lot of people in their 50s behaved exactly like teenaged fans would, jostling for a picture with him. Reddy, consistently cheerful, stayed busy escorting guests in and out and must have walked a mile as he played the attentive host to everybody present.PS - A couple of guests wanted to advise a guest who alighted from a chauffeured Merc that it's not good manners to have your chauffeur stop your car and help you put on your immaculately ironed jacket, while half-a-dozen cars behind wait for the sartorial exercise to get over. So we're conveying that advise here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565161", "title": "Rathore's arrest to hit BJP's Rajput vote bank", "text": "JAIPUR: With the arrest of Rajendra Rathore in the Dara Singh encounter case, the BJP's Rajput vote bank suffered another major blow after the demise of party stalwart Bhairon Singh Shekhawat.The Congress, on the other hand, stands to gain by partially off setting the damage it incurred due to arrest of Jat leader and party legislator Mahipal Maderna in the Bhanwari Devi murder case.Jat leaders like Raja Ram Meel, who had been demanding Rathore's arrest in the Dara case, would now find it easier to persuade their community to go back to the Congress fold, feel political analysts.The BJP legislator's arrest has come as blow to former chief minister Vasundhara Raje too. In Rathore, she had a major trouble shooter within and outside the party. When Raje was forcefully removed as leader of opposition, Rathore kept the band of party legislators firmly behind her. In the event, the BJP legislator further alienated the RSS, which maneuvered Raje's brief exit from the state.Political observers believe Rathore would find it difficult to come clean in the case before the next assembly elections in December 2013. This is likely to hurt the prospects of Raje with the Rajput community getting disillusioned.According to sources, the RSS is now keen on promoting BJP legislator Rao Rajendra Singh as the next Rajput leader from the Shekhawati region, which has a strong presence of the Rajput community. Former BJP legislator Prem Singh Bajor, who is gradually making inroads in the Sikar-Jhunjhunu area, would be another option for the party.The community is already treading cautiously with not a single Rajput legislator making any noteworthy statement in favour of Rathore. The community organisations, too, are yet to disclose their strategies, though their leaders have condemned the CBI action in the absence of credible evidence against Rathore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12572226", "title": "Some MPs know only Sachin, not Suresh Tendulkar: Jairam Ramesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Saturday took a dig at MPs who criticized the methodology adopted by the Tendulkar Committee for redefining the term poor, saying members raising the issue were probably only aware of Sachin Tendulkar , not Suresh Tendulkar.\"Those Members of Parliament may probably have thought it is Sachin Tendulkar. They did not know Suresh Tendulkar,\" Ramesh told reporters when asked several MPs have criticised the methodology adopted by the Tendulkar Committe set up in the year 2005 by the Planning Commission to suggest criteria for determining poverty line and poverty estimation.As per the methodology adopted by the Tendulkar Committee for estimation of poverty, besides calorie intake, the spend on health and education is also factored in.Coming to the rescue of Planning Commission's deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia, who was the target of attack both inside and outside Parliament after the panel put out the poverty numbers, Ramesh claimed the rate of poverty reduction after 2004 has been double the rate of poverty reduction in previous 10 years.As per the commission's estimates, the poverty ratio has been pegged at 29.8 per cent in 2009-10, down from 37.2 per cent in 2004-05.These are based on the daily per-capita consumption of Rs 28.65 in cities and Rs 22.42 in rural areas in 2009.Updating this formula by linking it to consumer price index for 2011, the Planning Commission arrived at the estimate that people spending more than Rs 32 a day in urban areas and Rs 26 a day in villages will not be eligible for the benefits of schemes meant for the BPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ramgarh", "code": "12574014", "title": "Education gets smarter in Ramgarh", "text": "RAMGARH: Digital smart classes with 3D-animated modules were inaugurated at a CBSE-affiliated school in the coal belt of the district on Saturday.The secretary of the school's managing committee, Praveen Rajgarhia, said it was a matter of pride to introduce the sophisticated technology to the children. He added that the program enhances the process of imparting education with 3D-animated pictures and sound in a small village like Bhurkunda.Principal Soni Ashok Shukla echoed Rajgrhia's views and said it would be interesting to study with 3D-animated picture and voice that would help in better learning and increase the performance of the learner.\"Digital interactive facility has been installed with the help of NIIT as we have made a commitment to keep pace with the latest technology as global revolution in information technology has changed the education scenario,\" said Shukla, adding that with the introduction of smart classes that commitment has been fulfilled.Meanwhile, students of the school were excited with the smart classes. Rubi, a class X student of the school who attended one of the first classes said they were really interesting and learning felt like watching 3D movies with a lot of information on various subjects in the syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564173", "title": "Two held for sending vulgar SMSes", "text": "INDORE: Indore unit of 'We Care for You' on Friday arrested two youth who were allegedly harassing a girl by calling and sending lewd messages on her cell phone. Wasim and Imran were picked up from their residence in the morning and handed over to Chhatripura police for further action.Police said that the girl, resident of Chhatripura informed 'We Care for You,' a police unit dealing with women's issue, about Wasim's activities a few days ago. She in her complaint, claimed that they used vulgar language and kept troubling her through vulgar and pesky messages. Wasim was in one-sided love affair with the girl, who is going to get married soon. Since he was a close relative of her, he used to take help of his friend Md Shadab. On Friday, police launched a trap and arrested them from their residence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "gurgaon/ faridabad", "code": "12563635", "title": "'Make Mangar\u2019s Draft Development Plan public\u2019", "text": "GURGAON/ FARIDABAD: The town and country planning department of Faridabad has recommended the publication of Draft Development Plan of Mangar and 22 other villages even as the ground survey to ascertain the areas falling under Aravali ridge and plantation area is still underway.Documents accessed through RTI shows that the department has written to the state government claiming that the survey is a time- consuming exercise and hence the publication of the \"approved\" plan should be made public. This is contrary to the deputy commissioner's recommendations that the plantation area should be verified and earmarked in the development plan.The department in its official communication said that since the state level committee had approved the draft plan of Mangar-2031 in January with some amendments, the plan can be publicized to invite public suggestions and objections. The letter mentions that a month after the state level committee approved the plan, the deputy commissioner had asked the local authorities to verify the area covered under Aravali plantation.The letter mentions that if there are changes noticed in the forest area ( PLPA) and Aravali plantation area, the same can be incorporated in the final development plan.In areas falling under the Punjab Land Preservation Act (PLPA), no non-forestry activity is allowed without taking prior permission from the Central government.This provision restricts change of land use of forest land.The official letter says that the provisions of farmhouses, industries, hotels and banquet halls have been omitted, which were earlier in the original plan. Moreover, the state-level committee had cleared the proposal for setting up a mega tourism project and universities in the region. However, it has put a restriction on the areas meant for these facilities.Now there are doubts whether the Draft Development Plan will include parts of the sacred forest in Manger village which would be come in the mega tourist complex and educational institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "sheikhpura (bihar)", "code": "12571268", "title": "16.5 ton of explosive seized in Bihar", "text": "SHEIKHPURA (Bihar): About 16.5 ton of ammonium nitrate was seized by mining department officials from Pachna village in Bihar's Sheikhpura district today.On a tip off, the officials raided a house and seized 330 bags of the material, Deputy development commissioner cum district mining officer G K Paramhans said.It is suspected to have been used for mining purposes, he said, adding that the value of the explosive was estimated to be Rs 11 lakh.The owner of the house is absconding, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564552", "title": "Central Information Commission's order on protected monument status for Tirumala", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Central Information Commission (CIC) has asked the Union ministry of culture and the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) to explain as to what measures have been taken to declare the famed Tirumala temple as a protected monument.Acting on a petition filed by temple protection activist BKSS Ayyangar, the CIC said if no information is furnished before April 26 penalty would be imposed under section 20(1) of the Information Act on the departments concerned. This is the first time that the CIC has issued such directive after sending letters to the deputy general of ASI and officials of ministry of culture. The CIC said it was shocked to know that information was not furnished to the petitioner despite repeated requests.As per rules, any temple or structure of more than a hundred years should be declared as a protected monument.A few years ago when IYR Krishna Rao was the chief executive officer of TTD, there was a proposal to accord the status of protected monument to Tirumala temple but precious little was done since then.Ayyangar filed the application two years ago, asking as to what steps had been initiated to declare Tirumala as a protected monument. \"I had to approach CIC as both the AP chapter of ASI and the central ASI did not show much interest,\" he said.Temple protection committee president Swami Kamalananda Bharati said had the authorities announced the protected monument status, dismantling of structures like Veyikalla mandapam would not have taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565648", "title": "For Sunday's match at Gahunje, start three hours early", "text": "PUNE: The stadium at Gahunje will host its first Indian Premier League match between home team Pune and Punjab on Sunday.Road and traffic arrangements to reach the stadium, off the expressway some 30 km from Pune, have been made, the rural police said. They will be applicable to all nine matches that will be played at the stadium.Instructions about approach roads for two-wheelers and four-wheelers and parking arrangements near Subrata Roy Sahara stadium have also been issued.Superintendent of police (Pune Rural) S S Solunke and president of the Maharashtra Cricket Association Ajay Shirke spoke about the arrangements at a press conference on Friday.\"There is no access to the stadium from the expressway. The stadium can be reached only via separate service roads meant for four-wheelers and two-wheelers,\" Solunke said.To reach the stadium from Pune, one has to travel down the Katraj-Dehu Road bypass and reach Kiwale junction, the starting point of the Pune-Mumbai expressway.People using four-wheelers must not take the expressway. Instead, they must keep left while driving, and take the exit on the left near the Kiwale junction. This exit is the starting point of a service road which reaches the stadium.\"Two service roads, one for entry and the other as an exit, have been built for four-wheelers. No two-wheeler will be allowed to use these service roads on either sides of the expressway. Four-wheeler users will have to use the service road on the left which runs parallel to the expressway from Pune-side. There will be one-way traffic on this service road,\" Solunke said.Once the match is over, four wheelers will have to use the exit service road, on the left of the expressway from Mumbai-side. The service road ends at Kiwale junction.Two-wheelers coming from Pune will also have to use the Dehu Road-Katraj bypass, cross Kiwale junction and reach Mamurdi village road off the bypass. Four-wheeler users will not be allowed to use this road to reach the stadium, Solunke said.After the match, two-wheeler users will have to use the same village road to first reach Dehu Road-Katraj bypass and then travel to Pune. Traffic signs and direction boards will be put up at various places for four- and two-wheelers, Solunke said.Traffic policemen deployed at various places will assist people. Ten cranes and ambulances will be used for towing away vehicles and for providing emergency treatment.Where to parkAccess routes to the stadium for two-wheelers and four-wheelers are separate from each otherFour-wheeler parking is at two places while there is a separate parking lot for two-wheelers. Parking is free.The first parking lot, called the Peninsula parking is near the stadium. The second lot, called Lodha parking is near the entry service road for four-wheelers.Vehicle users will have to walk for 10 to 12 minutes to reach the entry gate of the stadium, Together, over 5,300 vehicles can be parked. The two-wheeler parking lot is along Mamurdi village road.Follow these instructionsSpectators will be allowed entry to the stadium from gate numbers 1 and 3. No baggages, purses or eatables will be allowed. Cellphone can be taken inside the stadiumOver 1,500 policemen will be deputed for security and traffic arrangementsRural police officials have said people must start at least three hours before the matches beginBe vigilant and alert about any suspicious objectsPeople can call the following numbers in case they spot any suspicious objects - Talegaon police (02114222444); Dehu Road police (02027671288); Pune rural (02025657171 and 02025671962).Do not overtake or park vehicles at recklessly any placeFollow traffic signs and direction boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565854", "title": "Gangs in revenge mode as cops fail to control situation", "text": "PUNE: With the murder of Ashfaq Shaikh (21) in Dhankawadi on Thursday, it seems the police are yet to bring the gang war that started in Dhankawadi last year under control. The rivalry between the two groups - the Ganraj group and the Maratha Yoddha group - has resulted in five murders in the last five months, besides other instances of violence.While Baiju Navghane headed the Ganraj group, Datta Mane led the Maratha Yoddha group. The first murder that took place on October 21 was a fallout of a brawl that broke out during the 'toran' procession on Navratra festival in October last year between the two groups.Following an old dispute, Mane and his accomplices allegedly murdered Navghane during the festival. Members of both gangs went on the rampage in Dhankawadi damaging 55 vehicles parked on the road and creating panic among the residents. The Sahakarnagar police arrested Mane and his accomplices for the murder. Two others were also arrested criminals Bapu Nayar and Nilesh Baswant, who have police records. They were booked under the Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA).On January 11, an accomplice of Navghane carried out a planned assault on Dnyaneshwar Shivaji Jadhav (31) on Dattanagar-Jambhulwadi road and murdered him.Jadhav, a resident of Dattanagar, was the brother-in-law of Mane, the main suspect in the Navghane murder case, and was trying to get bail for Mane.The suspects tied a rope across the road and waited for Jadhav. Jadhav who was riding a motorcycle failed to see the rope in the dark and fell off the vehicle. The suspects then attacked him with sharp weapons and killed him.The Pune rural police arrested six people in connection with Jadhav's murder. The suspects included Ashfaq Shaikh (21), brother of Rafiq Shaikh, who was murdered on Thursday night.On January 27, a gang of 10 armed suspects allegedly set ablaze Tortoise Garments shop in Dhankawadi in which two persons, Hanish Jain (19) and Swapnil More (20), were killed and one Sunny More (18) was severely injured. Hanish and Swapnil had cases of rioting registered against them. Police investigations revealed that Navghane's wife Yashswini Pramod Navghane (26) was one of the main conspirators in setting the shop ablaze. The police arrested 10 suspects in the case.Following the incident, the top brass of the city police transferred the Sahakarnagar police station in-charge was transferred and inspector Kamalakar Takawale was appointed. Over the last two months, inspectorTakawale and his team arrested most gang leaders and intensified patrolling in the area in the area. Additional commissioner of police (crime) Anant Shinde told TOI that the police were making every effort to gain control over the gangs and their activities. \"Most of the gang leaders are behind bars. However, relatives of some are creating trouble in the area. We are working on it,\" Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565166", "title": "Rathore on hunger strike in jail", "text": "JAIPUR: Broken toilet, no western commode, no TV, no bed, no showers and having to stay crouched in the bathroom as the roof is quite low are reasons enough for anyone to hate living inside the jail. BJP leader and former minister Rajendra Singh Rathore found this out the hard way.A day after CBI arrested him for his alleged role in the fake encounter of Dara Singh on the city's outskirt on October 23, 2006, Rathore reportedly sat on a hunger strike inside the jail refusing to take food till afternoon over the lack of facilities.Amid speculations that Rathore might have met other accused in the Dara case, including suspended Addl DG A K Jain and suspended IG A Ponnuchami lodged in the special cells, there was a long list of complaints that the former minister made on his first day in jail. His battery of lawyers and well-wishers who had gone to see him raised hue and cry over the lack of facilities and termed it a violation of fundamental human rights.Rathore's lawyer Kailash Nath Bhatta, who visited him in the Jaipur Central Jail on Friday, claimed that his client refused to have food till afternoon as the drinking water that was given to him was full of foul smell. Rathore was given two blankets, one to sleep on and one to cover the body. Since Thursday night, Rathore is going through all the ordeals which thousands of undertrials face everyday. Even the mosquitoes did not let him sleep throughout the night.Rathore's 93-year old father and wheelchair-bound Uttam Singh Rathore went to see his son but he was not allowed to meet him. \"He just suffered a stroke and is unable to move. He was trying see him since Thursday afternoon, but was not granted permission,\" a family member said. They left on Friday evening after waiting for long hours for permission from the jail administration.The family member said despite the court allowing home-made food to Rathore, the jail administration did not accept his lunch from them. \"This is ridiculous. They say that someone might poison the food brought from outside. After several efforts, the jail administration allowed the home-made food on Friday evening,\" the family member said.\"I don't understand why my client is being treated like a convict. He is just an undertrial. It is disgusting the way he is being kept in the jail despite none of the charges against him proven. He had to sit on a hunger strike till evening to raise his voice,\" Bhatta said. However, the jail officials denied the allegations of lack of facilities.Sources said Rathore has been put in a cell near that of sacked minister Mahipal Maderna who was arrested in connection with the Bhanwari Devi murder case. The cells, in which other accused in the Dara case, including suspended Addl DGP A K Jain and suspended IG A Ponnuchami are lodged, are also nearby.\"These are high security cells and all the three accused have been put in the same area behind the jail dispensary,\" a source in the Jaipur Central Jail said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564823", "title": "It's Kempe Gowda Airport soon", "text": "BANGALORE: Bengaluru International Airport (BIA) will soon be formally rechristened 'Nada Prabhu Kempe Gowda Airport'.Renaming BIA after the city's legendary founder moved a step closer to reality on Friday with the civil aviation ministry deciding to place the proposal before the Union cabinet at its next meeting, for final approval. With this, Bangalore will join the league of leading international airports like O'Hare Airport at Chicago , Charles De Gaulle Airport at Paris , Chhattrapati Shivaji Airport at Mumbai and Subhash Chandra Bose Airport in Kolkata to be named after leaders and prominent people from these cities. The government-run KSRTC and BMTC bus stand at Majestic (Subhash Nagar) was named after Kempe Gowda a decade ago, and renaming of the airport comes at a time when the state is celebrating his 500th birth centenary.Since Tipu Sultan also had a close connection with Devanahalli, there was a demand to name the airport after him. Besides, there was a proposal from North Karnataka to name it after freedom fighter Kittur Chennamma and social reformer Basavanna.Aviation protocol allows naming of airports only after a certain category of personalities. On Friday, external affairs minister S M Krishna, during his visit to Bangalore, announced that the Union civil aviation ministry had accepted his proposal to rename BIA. Civil aviation minister Ajit Singh also informed Krishna that the issue would be brought before the cabinet at its next meeting.It has been more than a year since the Karnataka cabinet recommended that the Centre rename BIA on the lines of Chennai's C N Annadurai airport and Delhi's Indira Gandhi airport.Who is Kempe Gowda?Kempe Gowda was a chieftain under the Vijayanagar empire, credited with the building of Bangalore, which will very soon become Bengaluru. He ruled between 1510 and 1570 AD from Yelahanka. He established Bangalore city in 1537. Legend has it that he and his minister, Veeranna, and adviser, Gidde Gowda, went on a hunt and reached Shivasamudra, near Hesaraghatta, from Yelahanka. As he took rest under a tree, he is said to have envisioned building a new city, and rule from there. After he got the nod from emperor Achyuta Deva Raya of Vijayanagar, he built Bangalore fort and the city around.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "12569100", "title": "Elaborate security measures for Zardari's Ajmer visit", "text": "AJMER: Elaborate security arrangements have been made for the high-profile visit of Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari , who is scheduled tomorrow to pay obeisance at the dargah of sufi saint Khwaja Moinuddin Chishti.Zardari, his son Bilawal Bhutto Zardari , Pakistani interior minister Rehman Malik and other members of the delegation will stay for 35 minutes inside the dargah.The delegation will arrive at Sanganer airport in Jaipur in a special aircraft from where they will leave for Ajmer in helicopters. Four helicopters carrying them will land at the Ghughara helipad at 4.10 PM.As per the programme, Ajmer divisional commissioner Atul Sharma , IGP Rajesh Nirwan, collector Manju Rajpal and SP Rajesh Meena will receive the guests at the helipad located outside the city. The VIPs will then travel 12.3 km on road to dargah from there.Representatives of both Dargah committee and committee of Khadims will welcome the Pakistan President and other VIPs at the shrine where they will stay for 35 minutes before leaving for the helipad in the evening, an official of the district administration said.Multi-tier security arrangements will be in place for the visit of the delegation. Police personnel will be deployed along the way from the Ghughara helipad to the Dargah and at both the places.The dargah area will be heavy guarded and police will also be deployed in surrounding buildings. The dargah market will be closed and view-cutters will be used inside the premises and the entrance of the shrine.\"Additional police personnel including senior officers from other districts of the Range as well as from the police headquarters are being deployed for the visit,\" Superintendent of Police Rajesh Meena said.Police will carry out a rehearsal of the visit at 4 PM today. Officials will also hold a meeting with a liaison team from Pakistan that will also carry out a survey of the dargah premises, the official said.Ahead of the scheduled visit, three helicopters of Indian Air Force landed at the helipad yesterday while one chopper will land at the newly constructed helipad today.The dargah premises will be closed two hours prior to the scheduled visit of the Pakistan President and entry into the dargah will not be allowed till the departure of the delegation, he added.Asked about the size of the delegation, Rajpal said that the district administration will get final details from the Pakistan High Commissioner later in the day.\"Earlier, we were given a list of 46 members but it was then cut down to 31. Today, we are holding a meeting with officials from Delhi in which the final details on the delegation and arrangements will be discussed,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12563580", "title": "Special Operations Group busts betting racket, 3 held", "text": "VADODARA: Special Operations Group (SOG) busted a betting racket and arrested three persons on Thursday night.The accused were allegedly indulging in betting in Makarpura when the raid was carried out on the basis of a tip off. Police said the accused were into the illegal business of betting since years.SOG police inspector R R Chaudhary said, \"We found cash worth Rs 1.32 lakh from the spot along with a mobile phone. More arrests will follow soon.\"The accused have been identified as Ramesh Amin, Arvind Dave and Arvind Machhi.The accused were in touch with other big time bookies in Ahmedabad, Surat and Madhya Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12564449", "title": "Iinternational flights from Madurai not on cards", "text": "MADURAI: With uncertainty prevailing over the proposed flight service from Madurai to Colombo by April 14, the dream of the flyers in the southern part of Tamil Nadu to fly to international destinations from the city is likely to get delayed further.In February, officials of Sri Lankan Airlines and Mihin Lanka Airlines, who had come to Madurai had assured the travel community that efforts are on to commence flight services from Madurai to Colombo by April 14, on the occasion of Tamil New Year's day.Talking to TOI from Colombo, an official from Sri Lankan Airlines said, \"We have already submitted a proposal to our head office in Colombo. The potential of passengers' inflow and outflow, and the complete data about the market are being evaluated by the head office. After the evaluation is over, the flight schedule will be handed over to directorate general of civil aviation. If anything comes out positively, the media will be duly informed before hand.\"Lack of international air connectivity from Madurai has all along been retarding industrial and economic growth in the southern districts of Tamil Nadu. A state-of-the art integrated terminal building constructed at the Madurai airport at a cost of Rs 130 crore was inaugurated on September 12, 2010 which became fully functional on October, 7, 2010.The Madurai airport is fully equipped with all facilities to operate international flights. However, no one has so far come forward to submit their flight schedule to the DGCA for approval to operate new flights, added an official of the Airports Authority of India.Madurai airport was declared as a customs airport from January 1, 2011 by the Union ministry of finance to handle customs' related work, which was entrusted to the Madurai Central Excise Commissionerate. Immigration counters, which were put up when the building was inaugurated is now awaiting deployment of personnel by the Union home ministry.S Rethinaveleu, senior president, Tamil Nadu Chamber of Commerce and Industry which is actively lobbying with the Centre for the introduction of international flights from Madurai airport said, \"We are continuously pressurising the Lankan airline to commence its operation very soon.\"He added, \"We met with the Union ministry of civil aviation and arrange for early introduction of international flights from Madurai and urged him include the city as one of destinations in the bilateral treaties between nations like Malaysia, Singapore, UAE, Kuwait and Muscat though these countries have other destinations in their treaties.\"Apart from Sri Lankan Airlines, Air Arabia and Spice Jet have also evinced interest to operate from Madurai to international destinations.Once Sri Lankan Airlines, which has Madurai as a list of destinations to fly, in the treaty with India, begins its operations, other airlines will are also expected to follow suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563464", "title": "After 12 years, Nashik Municipal Corporation to conduct property survey", "text": "NASHIK: After 12 years, Nashik Municipal Corporation is all set to conduct a property survey in the city. The property survey in city is usually done every four years but the last survey was carried out in 1999. District collector and officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu said different agencies would be appointed to conduct the survey and each one would be allotted specific wards.The survey is done to determine addition of new properties and size of properties among others.\"To simplify the process and cover up the backlog, the survey will be done prabhag-wise and different agencies will be appointed for different prabhags,\" said Velrasu. \"Once the survey is complete, digital version of it will be made available and this will be linked to satellite maps. This way the property owner will also know the amount of tax to be paid and there will be auto-generation of property taxes. In a couple of months, the work should be allotted to agencies after tender approval,\" he said. He said that the project worth Rs 3 crore was approved two years ago by the general body and Rs 40 lakh was used by an agency then. \"Now with new agencies, we expect to speed up the work. We expect the data to be ready in a year or so,\" said Velrasu.Officials in the anti-encroachment department, in-charge of the property survey, said that the process for floating fresh tenders is under way. \"The last tender was floated in 2005 and it was approved by the general body in 2007. The survey should be done every four years but after the tender was awarded, elections and census delayed the work,\" said deputy municipal commissioner R M Bahiram.He said since 1999, every four years when the survey was supposed to take place, elections were held because of which the survey could not be done.Bahiram said that after the approval at the general body meeting in 2007, no work was done till 2010 and the agency appointed for the survey, Hyderabad-based Spec System, Hyderabad, was issued a notice and blacklisted by the NMC. He said that the agency also siphoned away the initial amount given to them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564094", "title": "Criminals gun down youth", "text": "PATNA: Armed criminals gunned down a youth, Prem Anant alias Kallu (24), near Rukunpura Mushahari locality under Rupuspur police station in Patna district on Friday.The police said the incident took place when Anant was returning with his friend, Niranjan Kumar, both natives of Bedauli village under Naubatpur police station in Patna district, on his motorcycle to his residence after attending his English coaching classes at an institute at Naya Tola here at around 8 am.Anant along with Niranjan was staying as tenant in the house of one Rameshwar Singh at Tarachak locality under Danapur police station. Their classes start at 6 am and conclude at around 8 am.The police said that while returning to their residence, both the friends had coconut water. The police said that as Niranjan slowed his bike near Rukunpura Mushahari Chowk, somebody opened fire from behind with bullet hitting Anant's temple resulting in his instant death. \"Niranjan, who was driving the bike, told the police that someone opened fire from behind killing Prem Anant on the spot,\" said a police officer associated with the investigation of the case.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said that the exact reason behind the killing is yet to be ascertained. He said that many angles have come to the surface in the preliminary investigations. The youth might have been killed due to some enmity, he said. City SP Kim saidt the police are investigating the case from different angles.Anant's brother in-law Vinod Kumar said that Anant was earlier working as loco pilot. \"But he left his job and joined English coaching classes,\" he said and claimed that he was later selected for a job in the Intelligence Bureau (IB), besides a clerical job in the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564912", "title": "Medics ready for any emergency", "text": "BANGALORE: After footballer Venkatesh, 25, died due to lack of medical facilities in a Bangalore stadium on March 22, IPL organizers are taking no chances. To avoid any such incident during the IPL matches at Chinnaswamy Stadium, the Karnataka State Cricket Association (KSCA) has come up with emergency medical facilities.Beginning with Saturday's match, the stadium will be fully equipped to meet any medical emergency, both for the players and audience. The facilities include 12 first-aid centres equipped with medicines, two trained personnel, six ambulances (one at each gate) equipped with ICU facilities, and a separate medical centre for players in case they suffer from dehydration or any physical injuries.KSCA has signed up Manipal Hospital to provide the facilities required. Said Dr Nagendra Swamy, president and chairman of quality council, Manipal Hospital: \"Medical facilities are being provided for the first time in India during a cricket match, for players and spectators. At least 40,000-50,000 cricket fans are expected and we've made all arrangements to handle emergencies. The first-aid centres will be like mini hospitals and would be centrally controlled.\"Dr Mabel Vasnaik, head of emergency, Manipal Hospital, and coordinator at the stadium, said: \"It is important to have emergency medical arrangements, especially for spectators, because there are chances of them developing problems like dehydration, asthma attack, stroke , hypertension. Some spectators cannot handle the pressure of the game.\"Nearby hospitals like Mallya Hospital and Fortis have also been requested to provide assistance in case of big emergencies. A disaster management team will work in tandem with police and a rescue team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569783", "title": "Karan Johar, Abhishek Bachchan ignore RGV's diktat", "text": "\"I want all u people who wished me the best year last year to know that I dint have best year so I advise u all to keep ur wishes to urself,(sic)\" wrote Ram Gopal Varma , who turned fifty today. The maverick director who admittedly loathes celebrating birthdays set the tone for the day with a typical tweet. But then the warning however, did not prevent Bollywood biggies from going ahead and wishing him anyway. RGV's responses were well amusing to say the least. Here's a pick of a few interesting ones.\"Happy birthday RAMU Nana. Have the best year ever and keep smiling!!!!\"(sic) posted Abhishek Bachchan to which RGV replied saying, \"U wished me the same last year to have the best year nd I had the worst year.\"(sic) Abhishek Bachchan joined in the banter saying, \"so that should make you happy since you don't like anything nice.\"(sic) RGV went on to say \"Well I like u sir\". Not bad for a man who hates people wishing him good morning, is it. Perhaps he is mellowing after all.Ritesh Deshmukh wishied him saying, \"Happy birthday to you- happy birthday to you- happy birthday dear @RGVzoomin - happy birthday to you (pls read it in the tune of d song)\" (sic). RGV responded saying, \"Tht sounds like ur grandplan to kill me..wth evry happy birthday I die a year..so u wnt 2 sy it tht mny times to kill me faster :(,\"(sic)Karan Johar joined in with his tweet that read, \"Happy birthday @RGVzoomin..i would wish you love and happiness but am sure you much prefer blockbuster success! So happy HIT on the 18th!!!\"(sic). RGV was extremely courteous in his response. \"Well Karan I guess I had enough gham nd I wouldn't mind a little khushi ..thank u from my heart for ur wishes,\" he wrote in response.However the director loved one particular birthday wish though. \"This is the best birthday msg I got..`Mujhe bahut khushi hui ki tere zindagi ka ek aur saal khatam hogayaa..Marte raho Ramu!\" (sic). Now what can you say to that. Love or hate him, we just can't seem to ignore him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565918", "title": "In probe, CBI crawls; in self defence, it roars", "text": "LUCKNOW: After nine months of investigation under the vigil of the high court, the CBI doesn't have much to show in the NRHM scam probe. One former minister who is yet to be charge-sheeted and a couple of small players behind the bars, but no real big catch so far. The slow pace of investigation into the misuse of NRHM funds had even drawn the ire of high court in February this year. Since then, nothing much has changed as far as the pace of probe is concerned, barring, of course, the arrest of Maya discard MLC Babu Singh Kushwaha and former BSP MLA Ram Prakash Jaiswal.On January 31 this year, a division bench of Justice Pradeep Kant and Justice Ritu Raj Awasthi had observed that if this was the pace of CBI probe, what was wrong with the investigation by the local police. Further passing remarks, the bench had expressed concern that 'big players' are interrogated and let-off, whereas little ones are put behind bars.It is here that questions had been raised on the way the CBI had moved, especially with regards to big players like senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla. Despite being interrogated at least twice, the CBI has failed to arrest him. Sources said that clout of Shukla and his IAS wife Aradhana Shukla in corridors of power has come in the way of CBI.Even though, CBI officials have their own reasons. According to them, it is not necessary to arrest every accused before filing the chargesheet, unless there is reason to believe that he or she may give them the slip. But were Kushwaha and Jaiswal who were arrested by the CBI in March didn't fit the same criteria?The message is clear. The CBI has not been able to work independently as was expected. The CBI has been working more on political lines gets further corroborated as the sleuths have not initiated any concrete action against former family welfare minister Anant Misra alias Antu. This was despite the fact that just like Kushwaha, Antu has also been interrogated by CBI officials in New Delhi couple of months back.Nothing much had been heard against Antu since then. Sources said that CBI has been forced to work politically in the matter and actions do speak louder than words. Antu is a close relative of Satish Misra, who is BSP's Rajya Sabha MP, a Brahmin face of the party and a close confidante of party's chief and former chief minister Mayawati.Adding to the list of those who have not been arrested also include BSP MLC Ram Chandra Singh Pradhan. Out of the 13 arrests made so far in the misuse of NRHM funds probe, only two have been that of politicians while rest others are either government employees, contractors or related to some private firms.Sources said that while most of the government employees no wonder have committed gross irregularities, what cannot be denied is the fact that they could not have done so without a nod from top officials and politicians. Such employees generally don't fall in the category of big players, who are still roaming freely, sources added.Similarly, those related to private firms are mostly businessmen who get their work done by greasing the palms of officials irrespective of the regime. Coming to politicians, the arrest of Kushwaha became imminent once he was sacked from BSP. Once a close confidante of Mayawati , Kushwaha lost favour and took shelter in BJP. However, his arrest became imminent more out of political reasons than any evidence. The timing of the arrest further hinted that the arrest was political motivated.Minutes after voting for the last phase of UP polls got over on March 3, the CBI arrested Kushwaha and Jaiswal for their alleged involvement in the multi-core NRHM scam. BJP's Kalraj Mishra had then said the timing of the arrest was truly intriguing. \"It could not have been a last minute decision surely. So if the CBI had any evidence against the former minister, why did it wait? The mystery needs to be cracked,\" he had said.However, the CBI had claimed that they had a strong case against Mayawati's former health minister. CBI sources said that that the MLC conspired to siphon off Rs 5.46 crore from the Rs 13.4-crore scheme to upgrade 134 district hospitals under the NRHM. Strangely, while filing chargesheet in the case on Tuesday, CBI did not mention Kushwaha's name. Sources in the CBI said that efforts were still on to procure evidence against Kushwaha. As if this was not enough, CBI has virtually kept under cover the name of another senior IAS officer whose name was taken by Nehru Yuva Kendra coordinator D K Singh during his interrogation by CBI officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "there will be a fleet of big10 and other additional buses to run you to chinnaswamy stadium and back from the ipl match. the city's transport systems are bending over to keep cricket fans happy", "code": "12564931", "title": "Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation, Metro promise to ferry fans", "text": "There will be a fleet of Big10 and other additional buses to run you to Chinnaswamy Stadium and back from the IPL match. The city's transport systems are bending over to keep cricket fans happy: while BMTC has notified that there will be extra operations on match days at 4pm and 10pm, Bangalore Metro plans to run late into the night.Twelve Big10 corridor buses will leave from Manekshaw Parade Grounds, BRV Grounds, the stadium and Brigade Road to points across the city. There will be additional buses plying on these corridors to help ferry cricket fans, and frequent buses from the stadium to Shivajinagar.Bangalore Metro Rail Corporation (BMRC) officials said if there is a demand to run passengers along Reach 1 -- towards Indiranagar, HAL, Old Madras Road and Byappanahalli -- trains will be operated to get fans home late at night. \"There have been occasions when we operated trains till midnight, and on New Year, we operated till 2am. We should be prepared to operate trains late if there is demand when there are matches in Bangalore,\" said a BMRC spokesperson.On a regular day, the last train is scheduled at 10pm. BMRC's latest addition is two vehicle parking lots at Byappanahalli and Swami Vivekananda stations.Big10 RoutesG-1Manekshaw Parade GroundsKadugodiG-2Mayo HallSarjapuraG-3Brigade RoadElectronic CityG-4Brigade RoadBannerghattaG-5Chinnaswamy cricket stadiumKaggalipuraG-6StadiumKengeriG-7BRV GroundsJanapriya TownshipG-8MG Road Metro stationNelamangalaG-9MG Road Metro stationYelahanka New TownshipG-10BRV GroundsHegde NagarG-11BRV Grounds BagalurG-12StadiumHoskote", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565686", "title": "City's woman chain-snatcher runs out of luck after 15 yrs", "text": "LUCKNOW: Police on Friday arrested a woman chain-snatcher in the state capital who has confessed to her involvement in more than a dozen cases reported from different parts of the state capital during the past couple of months. The accused operated along with her husband, his brother and their two associates.The accused - 35-year-old Anchal -- is a resident of E-block Rajajipuram area and has confessed to have been involved in crime for the past 15 years. In all, 21 cellphones, a number of ATM cards and other things that people generally carry in their wallet and handbags, were recovered from her possession. Her husband and other partners in the crime however managed to escape from the scene before the police could reach their hideouts.According to the accused, her entry into the world of crime was purely accidental. Police sources privy to the interrogation of the accused said the first time she got actively involved in the crime was when her husband snatched the gold chain from a woman but even before he could flee the site, the victim raised an alarm and extensive checking of people in the area was launched. As luck could have it, she too was in the same area at the time and bumped into her husband who was still trying to figure out a safe passage. It was here that her husband handed over the booty to her and the two walked past the security check undetected. One and the major reason because of which the couple managed to walk away safe was the fact that the police usually does not frisk women in such situations.The success prompted the couple to try their luck again and by the time they could realize what they were heading for, she found herself in the crime world, the accused reportedly told the police.DIG Ashutosh Pandey said that the arrest came after sustained surveillance and gathering of criminal intelligence. \"We were getting reports about movement of some unusual and suspicious elements in the area and their involvement in crime. But the team working on the module was shocked to discover that their catch target was a woman and that she was not only actively in chain and purse snatching herself but heading a gang of half a dozen odd men including her husband and his brother,\" Pandey said talking to TOI. She was picked up by the police while on a prowl for a possible target.DIG Ashutosh Pandey said the arrest came after the police decided to revisit cases of purse snatching in which the victim's cellphone was kept inside the bag when the incident took place. A total of 42 cases were shortlisted and the electronic identity of these cell phones were put on surveillance. Within the next few days, investigators found as many as 12 cell phones working, most of which were using connections other the one it had when it was stolen. Tracing these cellphones investigators zeroed in on Anchal, the DIG said--Her initial interrogation led to the revelation that her husband Dinesh Babbar was arrested by the Lucknow police in March this year and precious metals like gold, silver and platinum - also known as white gold - worth an estimated Rs 3.5 lakh were recovered at his instance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12565011", "title": "2 youths nabbed for stealing ATM", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city special operations group (SOG) officials arrested two youths in connection with ATM theft from an SBI kiosk in Maninagar. The investigators said that a call center staff was involved in the theft after incurring loss of Rs 14 lakh.Earlier, a group had stolen an ATM containing Rs 21.38 lakh from a kiosk near Dakshini Society on April 4. The city police and SOG investigated the case and found the machine and cash intact at a house in Namdar ni Chali, Khokhra the next day. During the investigation, officials got names of Kamlesh Patel alias Vicky, 24, and Hardik Jingar, 25, as the main accused in the case.\"The team that was deployed to crack the case got a tip-off about the duo's scheduled visit to Paldi Bhattha. Acting on the information, the team kept a watch and nabbed them from the spot at 2.30 pm. A bike, four mobile phones and Rs 12,200 cash were recovered from them. The duo had fled to Mount Abu after the theft and had come back only on Friday morning,\" said P C Baranda, deputy commissioner of police, SOG.As per the duo's statement, they were running a BPO near Memnagar where they used to get contracts for data entry. The venture did not turn out well and they incurred loss of Rs 7 lakh. The duo had also got loan of Rs 7 lakh. The group of seven friends including Chirag Shrimali, Jeetu Solanki, Lucky Yadav, Ankur and Karan then devised a plan to steal cash from an ATM.\"Kamlesh stays near Dakshini Society and had visited the SBI ATM a number of times. During these visits, he observed that the ATM was not attached to a solid platform. While it would take a lot of time opening up the machine to extract cash, they decided to steal the entire machine and cut it up at leisure. Jeetu Solanki arranged a Tata Sierra and the group drove up to the spot. They disconnected CCTV and hauled up the machine in the car parked right near the entrance and drove off,\" said SOG inspector S M Chaudhary.SOG officials said that at the moment they do not see the group's involvement in any other ATM thefts in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12570749", "title": "10 injured as amateur driver runs car into shop", "text": "MUMBAI: Ten people, including three minors, were injured when a man lost control over his car and ran it into a shop here, police said today.The incident took place yesterday in suburban Ghatkopar. Baban Chikne had bought the Maruti Zen recently and was learning to drive it near his house when the accident took place, they said.Chikne fled after the accident, police said, adding that the injured were rushed to a hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563518", "title": "Poor performance pushed Nagpur Municipal Corporation to privatize water dept", "text": "NAGPUR: Poor performance by water works department (WWD) apparently pushed the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) to privatize the department amidst opposition from all corners.The department's bad performance can be gauged from the very fact that the officials have failed to recover outstanding dues of over Rs 5.5 lakh from a domestic consumer in Gokulpeth area besides Rs 4, 37,518 dues from a Dharampeth resident. Though the department had conducted a drive to disconnect connections of consumers who failed to pay the taxes, such hefty dues expose the lackadaisical approach of the department officials.\"Had the department officials showed interest in its recovery drive, the decision to privatize the department could have been averted,\" said former NCP corporator Vedprakash Arya.According to available information, NMC is yet to recover water bills amounting to crores of rupees from government, semi government offices, several luxury hotels and private parties till last financial year.The authorities failed to initiate any strict against bigger parties to recover the dues. \"They only woke up when the dues increased manifold,\" Arya pointed out.The department recently disconnected water connections of 21 such defaulters after they failed to pay dues despite repeated warnings. Of these, the dues two consumers had crossed lakhs, while that of 15 consumers was more than Rs 10,000 each. A resident from Takshashila Apartment has dues to the tune of Rs 63,551, while a restaurant owner in Anant Nagar owes Rs 78,577 to the department.Of the 21, maximum numbers of defaulters were from Mangalwari zone at 11 followed by Dharampeth with eight and two from Hanuman Nagar zone.Secretary of Jan Akrosh Ravindra Kaskedikar said, \"The WWD staffers are solely responsible for the dues. The officer incharge of the zones with minimal collection should be held responsible. In fact the chief of the department should also not be spared.\" He suggested that a plan similar to that of the amnesty scheme launched by Income tax should be introduced by the WWD to recover dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565480", "title": "Bangalore, Chennai public bus fleets most efficient", "text": "NEW DELHI: The southern cities of Chennai and Bangalore have better and efficient bus fleets compared to other big cities in India. A government report released for 2010-11 said stat-owned buses plying in the two southern cities had higher vehicle productivity - kilometers covered per bus per day - and had a better track record than the other metropolitan cities.The report on the performance of state road transport undertakings (SRTUs) released by the road transport and highways ministry said that while each DTC bus in Delhi travelled 138 km a day, in Chennai, Metropolitan Transport Corporation (TC) buses travelled 278 km. Bangalore, which ranks second, had a vehicle productivity of 205 km per day and Mumbai's BEST undertaking came third with 154 km per day.\"Maximum kilometers covered by buses shows the efficiency of an SRTU. In fact, the focus of every city bus system should be to improve vehicle productivity than just increasing the number of buses. You need to have a smart management system for maximum utilization of the available fleet,\" said Prof N Ranganathan, an urban transport planner.The government report also pointed to the high performance of public buses in Chennai where on an average, one bus carried 1,616 persons every day during 2010-11. Mumbai buses carried 904 persons per day during this period. In Delhi, it was only 525 persons despite the capital having 5,771 buses. This is the second largest fleet next to Bangalore's 6,110 buses.An analysis of the annual report shows that while Chennai buses had 87% occupancy every day, one-third of the total seats in DTC buses went empty. \"Delhi has less passenger occupancy in buses since a large section of the people use private transport. Moreover, the availability of Metro train services has some impact on the dependence of people on buses,\" a road transport ministry official said.Delhi was also the worst as far as financial performance was concerned. The loss touched Rs 2,286 crore in 2011 compared to Rs 2,110 crore in the previous year. Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation was the only exception, making Rs 50.3 crore profit while BEST in Mumbai and transport corporation in Chennai recorded losses of Rs 381 crore and Rs 105 crore respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568955", "title": "Katy Perry awed by Sachin Tendulkar, Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Pop star Katy Perry was ecstatic on meeting the god of Cricket, Sachin TendulkarAmerican pop star Katy Perry was in India to perform at the opening ceremony of the Indian Premiere League 2012. The singer entertained the cricketers with her performance and impressed the Indians with the addition of glittering bindis, maangtikas in her wardrobe.This was Katy's second visit to the country. Katy was thrilled to meet master blaster Sachin Tendulkar so much that she posed with him and shared the picture on her blog.\"Had a great time at the IPL ceremony in India. Met Sachin Tendulkar, one of the BEST cricket players in the world!\" said Katy.Perry also got along with Priyanka Chopra . Perry told PC, \"lovely to meet you! Can't wait to host you in Los Angeles...also can't wait to raid your closet.\" With Priyanka all set to launch her debut English album as a singer, Perry's friendship is bound to strengthen PC's singing talent.Victoria Beckham too had complimented PC on her style few days back. A site had even voted the Don Actress as the Most Influential Indian. Looks like Priyanka's on a roll!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567416", "title": "'Best Actor' award for Puneet Rajkumar", "text": "Winning the State Award for Best Actor is not new to the Power Star. He's won it in the past for Milana and yet again this year for Prithvi. But as news of the award came in, the actor preferred to thank director Jacob Verghese first for offering him the film.\"It's his vision. And I reciprocated by winning an award for his pet project,\" he says.Ask Puneet if he knew about Prithvi being in the running for an award and the actor brushes it off saying that he doesn't collect information about whether his films are being nominated or if they will win. \"So it came as a surprise when producer Kumar called me with the news. Satya Hegde, who won the award for Best Cinematography, was with me at the time as we're working on the same film, and we wished each other,\" says Puneet.Prithvi was a detour from the mass entertainers that Puneet is known for and was more of a docu-drama. The actor played an IAS officer in it instead of a typical mass hero. Was he apprehensive before accepting the project? \"For me it's the theme of the film and the maker that matters. I don't think beyond that. So I had no apprehension of whether I'd be accepted or not. All that matters to me is doing justice to the film. Although I have to confess that after I finished playing the role, I was worried if I had looked convincing as an IAS officer. I had taken pointers from my friends who are IAS officers. I'm happy people appreciated it and the award is testimony to that. It's uplifting to be recognized for your work,\" he says.Prithvi also had political undertones, a theme that the actor has never touched upon in his career. Was he worried about ruffling a few feathers with such a subject? \"Whether it affects someone or not isn't my concern. What matters to me is doing my job,\" says Puneet.Nevertheless, the Power Star concedes there are a few movies in an actor's career from which he takes home some ideals and Prithvi is one of them. \"And an award for this film has come during the same month as my father's birthday. It's like a gift from him,\" sums up the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12565043", "title": "A chemical dye emerges the city's favourite poison", "text": "COIMBATORE: A crackdown on the sale of a chemical substance, known as cow dung powder in common parlance, is imminent. This chemical substance, used in the dyeing industry, has emerged as the favourite substance for the city's depressed lot when they wish to take their lives.As per police records, at least 56 persons including 32 women committed suicide by consuming cow dung powder in Coimbatore last year. The toll as on March 25 this year is 10.That the powder is cheap and is easily available makes it the preferred poison for those wanting to end their lives. A packet costs just Rs 5 and is available in most grocery shops in the city, though the government has banned of-the-counter sales.\"We are taking severe action against shopkeepers selling the banned cow dung powder to the public. People should not take the extreme step by consuming chemical substances. If they are having problems, they could seek police help,\" said Hema Karunagaran, deputy commissioner of police.On February 15, Shanthi Selvaraj, a 34-year-old resident of Annai Velankanni Nagar in Sowripalayam, killed her two little daughters, Priyadarshini and Jeevadarsini, by feeding them the chemical and took the same to end her life. Priyadarsini, 10, was found dead with her hands and legs tied to a cot and her head smashed with a wooden log. Police said she was force-fed the chemical. A month later, T Tamilmani, 55 of New Siddhapurdur, died taking the chemical. Police said Tamilmani was unemployed for over two years and was an alcoholic. His wife had refused him money to buy liquor and a depressed Tamilmani consumed cow dung powder and died.The chemical dye is used as a substitute for cow dung, which is applied on the floor of houses and in courtyards. Two types of the powder are available: yellow cow dung powder or Auramine O and the green coloured Malachite Green. Auramine is the more poisonous one, which affects the functioning of major organs when consumed. People who consume Auramine generally die of multiple organ failure.\"The chemical dye is very poisonous and there is no proper antidote to this poison to counteract its effect which makes chances of survival meagre. There is a need to enforce the ban on cow dung powder in the city,\" says Dr P Sivaprakasam, resident medical officer, Coimbatore Medical College Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570532", "title": "No guest appearance for Balayya", "text": "While the shooting of the film, \"Uu Kodathara Ulikki Padathara\" (\"UKUP\") is on, speculations are rife over the duration of superstar Balakrishna's role in this movie.The multi-starrer which features actors Manchu Manoj, Sonu Sood and Deeksha Seth sharing screen space with Balakrishna has been creating quite a buzz. However, many suggest that Balayya's role in the flick is a mere cameo.But putting to rest all speculation, actor Manchu Manoj took to his micro blogging page, posting, \"Well time to make things little clear:) UKUP is a pure multistarrer film and it's not a guest role by balayya garu:) (sic).\"Earlier, actor/producer Lakshmi Manchu posted a picture of Balakrishna from \"UKUP\", with a caption that read \"Ballaya Ballaya gundello gollaya\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "12563578", "title": "Maharashtra Navnirman Sena leader booked for raping minor", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police have booked city vice-president of Maharashtra Navnirman Sena Santosh Badre for allegedly kidnapping and raping a minor girl.According to information, the 15-year-old minor girl lodged a complaint against the MNS leader on Thursday night.In her complaint the girl stated that Badre had kidnapped her from Shiv Mandir in Hamalpura, took her to Chikhaldara and raped her. He then dropped the girl at Hamalpura, called her mother and told her to take girl with her. The girl along with her mother and maternal uncle lodged complaint with Rajapeth police.Badre, a resident of Bhaji Bazaar, was in contact with the victim's mother from last year. Victim is SSC student. Police have registered offences against Badre and investigating further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564735", "title": "Jewellers call off their 21-day strike", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Bullion traders and jewellers on Friday called off their nation-wide 21-day strike after meeting UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi and finance minister Pranab Mukherjee who assured them that their demand for rollback of excise duty on unbranded jewellery would be considered. Jewellers in the state too called off their stir after assurances from the finance minister.\"After meeting FM, we have notified all our members to suspend the strike with immediate effect,\" said Gujarat Jewellers Association president Jhaverilal Mandalia, who along with 30 other trade associations had met FM in Delhi on Friday.Jewellers in the state where on strike since March 17 demanding rollback of 0.3% excise duty levied on unbranded gold jewellery and making PAN submission mandatory on gold purchases of above Rs 2 lakh, as announced in the 2012-13 budget. More than 50,000 retail jewellers and four lakh jewellery makers were impacted due to the strike.The jewellery association peg losses of around Rs 15,000 crore due to the strike. Mandalia said they have also demanded roll back of tax on cash purchase of Rs 2 lakh and above announced during the budget.\"We have asked the FM to either increase the limit of Rs 2 lakh to Rs 10 lakh, or roll back the tax. However, we have only suspended the strike till May 11, on FM's assurance on excise duty rollback by first week of May,\" said Mandalia. He added that strike would resume if the proposal to levy excise duty of one per cent is not withdrawn in the Finance Bill, which is expected to come up before Parliament early next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12564380", "title": "Chargesheet filed against two cops", "text": "Police filed a chargesheet against two constables, Jagbir Singh and Balir Singh, who opened fire outside SSP (UT) Naunihal Singh's house, at the Sector 17 district court on Friday. The cops were arrested under charges of attempt to murder and under Arms Act on March 12. Accused Balir had fired at inspector Satpal near SSP's residence while Jagbir accompanied him on March 11. The case was registered at PS 17.Two killed in road accidentTwo cousin brothers were killed in a road accident near Derabassi on Thursday night. Sanjay Yadav, 28, and Managar Yadav, 22, were on a motorcycle when they were hit by an unidentified truck. Police said the brothers were killed on the spot and doctors at civil hospital, Derabassi, declared them brought dead. A case was registered at Derabassi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564597", "title": "Poor attendance at Telganana Congress meetings", "text": "HYDERABAD: The two meetings held by the Telganana Congress leaders on Friday evening meant to give a direction to their campaign for a separate state turned out to be damp squib.Only four of the 13 MPs from the region turned up for one of the meetings while six of the 49 T Congress MLAs thought it fit to make themselves present at the second meeting.The meeting of MLAs, held at the residence of panchayat raj minister K Jana Reddy was attended by D Sudheer Reddy, P Anil, Bikshamaiah Goud, T Lingaiah, P Kista Reddy and Balu Naik while the meeting at former Rajya Sabha member K Keshava Rao's residence saw the presence of only Manda Jagannatham, S Rajaiah, G Vinod and G Sukhender Reddy.The meetings took place in the backdrop of the drubbing the party suffered in the recent bypolls in the region. The leaders wanted to fix a date to go to Delhi to meet party president Sonia to pressure her on the need to take an early decision. But, the MLAs could not find time to attend the meeting. Some excused themselves on the pretext of Hanumana Jayanthi and Good Friday while others said they were not aware of the meeting.Speaking to TOI, MLA Anil said another meeting of all the T- Congress MLAs would be held soon.\"This is a meeting of only the MLAs who were available in town and should not be considered a meeting of all T-Congress MLAs,\" he said.Only four of the 13 MPs from the region turned up for one of the meetings while six of the 49 T Congress MLAs were present at the second meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "12573141", "title": "Zardari: I was told to leave Pakistan with plane ready, but refused", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan President Asif Ali Zardari on Saturday said that he was asked to leave the country but he had refused to do so.\"I was told to leave the country and that a plane was ready but I refused as I am not a weak-hearted man like others,\" Zardari said while talking to a group of journalists and lawyers at the governor's house.He did not say who had asked him to leave the country or when the demand was made.\"I told them that I would instead get an FIR registered against such elements,\" he said.In an apparent dig at PML-N chief Nawaz Sharif and his brother Shahbaz Sharif , who had gone into self-exile after the PML-N government was deposed in a military coup, Zardari said only weak-hearted people left Pakistan as they could not bear the pressure.He said his government would complete its term despite conspiracies being hatched against it.Responding to a question, he said: \"Bearing pain is the secret of my success\".He further said: \"I honoured Nawaz Sharif as my elder brother but he did not come up to my expectations. He kept me in jail but I made friends with him\".Over the past few days, Zardari has repeatedly attacked the PML-N's top leadership.Referring to Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif's remarks about hanging Zardari upside down at the historic Bhatti Gate in Lahore, the president said three politicians had earlier spoken about hanging him in Karachi but were unable to do anything.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573939", "title": "Lack of approach roads comes in way of solid waste management?", "text": "VARANASI: Delay in functioning of the much-awaited project of solid waste recycler is playing with the health of the citizens. While the already overflowing dumping grounds at Seer Govardhan, Tenghada Crossing, Kaithi are screaming for attention, garbage collected from residential areas is also being dumped at odd places that should be kept clean.While heaps of garbage deposited outside schools, hospitals and densely populated areas like Beniabagh Park, Kabir Chaura, Fatman Road, Godowlia have become a regular affair, residential areas are also facing severe problem of garbage. The deadline for the completion of the ambitious solid waste management plant, proposed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM), has been extended approximately four times in the past seven months.The project started on August 2010 with a sanctioned fund of Rs 4,867.73 crore. The expected deadline of the project was September 2011. However, according to the officials, the work could not be completed due to the long prevailing rainy season in 2011. The flood and heavy rainfall in the region further delayed the work and then the tentative date for the project completion was shifted to December 31, 2011. Now, the project may start from May, as claim officials concerned.\"The work was mostly hampered because of delay in construction of roads by the Varanasi Nagar Nigam, (VNN). Our vehicles and machines could not reach there as the roads were totally damaged. They were repaired just a month ago. Moreover, the delay in the transportation of machinery, which has now arrived, is another reason for the delay,\" informed Anupam Pandey, senior manager of A2Z waste management private limited company given the task of waste management in city.While the A2Z is blaming the VNN for the delay in construction of roads that connect the dumping ground and the plant, additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh is of the opinion that it is sheer negligence on the part of the company and soon a meeting with the higher officials of the A2Z will be held to discuss the matter with them.According to Pandey, all the machines and equipments have now arrived and a team of experts from the head office of the company is arriving in the city for the purpose of installation of the machinery. \"It is expected that the plant will be functional from the month of May. Giving a whole month to the segregation work, manures will be produced. Nearly 600 MT waste will be processed each day,\" he informed.Kailash Shukla, an official of Uttar Pradesh Jal Nigam, who was looking after the project earlier in January, claimed that the work should be finished by January 31 but due to delay in the arrival of machineries, the deadline was further extended to February 28.It is worth mentioning here, that the ambitious solid waste management plant which is aiming to convert solid waste generated in the city to manures had been proposed under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) in 2010. For that matter, a Gurgaon-based company-- A2Z-- has been collecting solid waste and garbage from door to door, covering almost all the 90 wards of the city. Nearly 40 acres of land has been provided in Kadsada village for the installation of the plant.Most of the generated waste in the city comprises of biodegradable, compostable and recyclable waste due to the high quantum of religious and vegetables waste along with the high amount of waste generated due to plastics. A small quantity of debris and inert material are also present in the wastes generated from construction, repair and maintenance activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573964", "title": "Condolence meet held on Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University campus", "text": "VARANASI: Expressing grief over the untimely death of Anuj Rathee, a student of Institute of Technology, Banaras Hindu University (IT-BHU), in a motorcycle accident near New Lecture Theatre Hall on Thursday, the students of IT-BHU organised a condolence meeting at Rajputana Ground on the campus on Saturday.Rathee, a native of Kota in Rajasthan, was a student of BTech (chemical engineering) second year at IT-BHU. He was staying at Mourvi Hostel on the campus. On Thursday, he was going somewhere on his motorcycle. While passing through New Lecture Theatre of IT-BHU, his vehicle collided with another motorcycle and he died in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12572541", "title": "Affair led to student\u2019s murder", "text": "PATNA: Police on Saturday arrested one Sunil Kumar in connection with the cold blooded murder of a BBA student, Mohd Dilshad Ali Khan, on March 28 night.Khan's body was recovered near Barmutta Nala close to Madhopur village under Deedarganj police station in Patna district on March 29, 2012. An FIR was lodged with the police station concerned based on the statement of a local chowkidar. City SP Kim said the deceased was a resident of Karbigahiya under Jakkanpur police station.She said the deceased's family members revealed the name of Khan's girlfriend as Ankita Rai alias Rupam. The police later arrested Ankita's father, Sunil Kumar Rai, a contractor cum businessman and resident of Khasmahal Postal Park under Jakkanpur police station, who confessed his involvement in the murder of Khan. Kim said Rai also revealed the names of his family members, who helped him in eliminating Khan.The City SP said the police recovered three cricket wickets used in murder besides deceased's helmet and a four-wheeler used to dump Khan's body at Deedarganj from Rai's house. Khan's motorcycle was recovered from Patna Saheb railway station.She said that Khan, who was staying in a lodge at Sabji Bagh, left on his motorcycle on March 28 at around 10.30pm, informing his room partner Ashraf that he was going to his house at Karbigahiya. However, he reached the house of his girlfriend's maternal uncle at Sampatchak, where he and Ankita were caught in an objectionable position on the roof of the house by the girl's family members.Ankita's father and other family members caught Khan and thrashed him to death with wickets and dumped his body near Barmutta Nala at Madhopur village on a four-wheeler. Raids are on to arrest the other three accused in the case, the City SP added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565242", "title": "Khandelwal accuses former BJP mayor of corruption", "text": "JAIPUR: The launch of Gandhi Enclave Yojana, a housing scheme by Jaipur Municipal Corporation, turned into an occasion for levelling allegations.During her speech, mayor Jyoti Khandelwal alleged Mohan Lal Gupta, a former JMC mayor, of indulging in corrupt practices. She went on to term him as 'father of corruption at JMC' on stage. She blamed Gupta of emptying the corporation's coffers during his tenure, as a result of which it is still reeling under financial crisis. \"Woh nigam main bhrastyachaar kai janak hain,\" she alleged.Backing her allegations, she said, \"The state government can ask the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) to investigate all the dealings during my tenure. I will immediately resign if found guilty.\" \"The government should carry out an ACB probe into the tenure of all the BJP mayors for past 15 years. If found guilty, they should resign from their present posts,\" said Khandelwal.The mayor also targeted the current BJP committees at JMC. \"The marriage garden bylaws were formulated with the BJP committees' consent. However, when we started the drive to collect fees, the BJP councillors opposed the drive.\" The Gandhi Enclave Yojana, a residential housing scheme, will be developed over 34 bighas near Bindayaka industrial area on Sirsi Road, 10 km from the Jaipur railway station. In the scheme, 18 percent of the plots have been reserved for Central government employees. Another 10% have been kept aside for ex-Army men, 6% for Scheduled Castes, 9% for Scheduled Tribes, 2% for journalists, and 2% for disabled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12572363", "title": "Boy barred from exam over grandfather's death", "text": "BHOPAL: A Class II school student in Madhya Pradesh was barred from taking his examination because his grandfather died a few days ago and his teacher told him to \"get pure\" first.Naveen Burman, a seven-year-old student of a government school at Baniyan Tola in Shahdol district, reached his school April 2 to take his exam. But a teacher told him he was not \"pure\" as a family member had died.The boy told his parents about it. \"We were shocked,\" his father Rakesh Burman said. An inquiry has been ordered into the teacher's conduct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "12565072", "title": "Valparai beckons as Anamalai tiger reserve, Monkey Falls shut for summer", "text": "COIMBATORE: As fear of forest fires and acute scarcity of water prompted forest authorities to deny entry for tourists to Anamalai Tiger Reserve (ATR) and the adjoining Parambikulam forests of Kerala till the end of this summer season, Valparai is turning the only option in the region for visitors to beat the heat.Beautiful Jacaranda mimosifolia trees with their blue flowers adorn both sides of the panoramic ghat road to this tea country, where even the day time temperature remain far below the one in Coimbatore and Pollachi. Nights are cool as always and there is a huge rush of visitors who want to escape from the summer, says Jaflet Frank, who runs Misty Creek Home Stay in the town.\"Apart from the ATR, we have closed down Monkey Falls and Top Slip to avoid instances of forest fire till end of the summer. The facility to have elephant safary is also withdrawn temporarily. But visitors to Valparai will not face any restriction. Permission is also available to visit Chinnakallar Water Falls and Nallamudi Poonchola view point near Valparai. In Chinnakallar, the department is providing bathing facility as well during this summer,'' says Pollachi divisional forest officer A Thyagarajan.The old hunting ground for Britishers, Valparai offers pristine climate devoid of any kind of pollution. It has dams, forests, tea plantations, temples, churches, valleys and open fields to inspire the visitors. Valparai is also close to Athirapally, the famous water falls in Kerala.\"Despite occasional human-animal conflicts, Valparai is attracting too many visitors and the minimum facilities available here is not a discomfort to them. The ghat road between Valparai and Pollachi itself is enough to enjoy for those with adventure minds. There is enormous scenic beauty in the forest road linking Valparai with Athirapally,\" says Jaflet.V T George, a local businessman, says, \"Those who wish to visit Valparai can also travel to Sholayar and Aliyar dams, which have enormous scenic beauty. Though the facilities for tourists are very limited, there are a number of home stay providers in the town and surroundings. Unlike Ooty and Kodaikanal, the pollution is very less and not much commercialization of tourism. It is the best option for those who prefer tranquility.''\"Valparai is best for eco-tourism and is the only hill station close enough for the people of Coimbatore. It has a rich biodiversity. And, tourism has been picking up steadily in recent years,\" observes R Radhakrishnan, a regular visitor to the hill station from Coimbatore city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564703", "title": "4 held for 13/7 blasts slapped with MCOCA", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra ATS, which is investigating the 13/7 blasts that ripped through three spots in the city, has invoked the stringent provisions of Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act (MCOCA) against the four arrested accused.Three blasts took place within minutes of each other at Zaveri Bazar, Opera House and Dadar on July 13 last year, killing 27 people and injuring several others.Subsequently, four persons, Naqi Ahmed, Nadeem Sheikh, Kanwar Pathrija and Haroon Naik, were arrested by the ATS for their alleged involvement in the blasts and all were sent to judicial custody.According to the ATS, the blasts were allegedly carried out by terror outfit Indian Mujahideen (IM) and one of its top operatives, Yasin Bhatkal, was the architect of the attack. Bhatkal is currently absconding.While seeking the custody of the accused, the investigating agency had earlier told the magistrate's court that Pathrija sent Rs 10 lakh to Bhatkal through 'hawala' channels to carry out the blasts. Pathrija allegedly received the money from Saudi Arabia . According to the agency, Naqi has, in a confessional statement recorded by a magistrate, admitted to the alleged offence. agencies", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563534", "title": "Teen driver gets bail in rash driving case", "text": "NAGPUR: The principle magistrate of the juvenile court on Wednesday granted bail to the teenager under whose car two youths had died on March 17. The youth was immediately sent home, after a 16-day stay in the Government Observation and Children's Home for boys.While the 16-year-old has been granted bail, the ad-interim bail of his father Sushil Jhamb has been extended as police failed to present their reply before the court last week. The arguments for its cancellation would now be heard on April 9.The court had sent the juvenile to the government observation home after he surrendered before the Dhantoli police on March 19. The court had rejected his bail on the grounds that the minor should realize the gravity of his act while at the observation home.It is learnt that defence counsel Prakash Jaiswal had attached the teenager's exam schedule with the bail plea. The teen driver's standard XI examinations are slated to begin next week. The court has also cautioned the teenager to ensure that he does not repeat his mistake or commit any offence in the future, said Jaiswal.The teenager and his friends were enjoying a spin in his father's car when the four-wheeler went out of his control. A couple of students from the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) died when the speeding car hit them from behind while they were walking towards a bus stop near Rahate Colony. Two students had been seriously injured while an old woman also suffered fractures.There had been a huge uproar in the city following the accident. An angry mob had protested at Dhantoli police station. A group of students also met the district collector after the incident, seeking compensation for the kin of victims.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563373", "title": "5.6L aspirants to take IIT-JEE tomorrow", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 5.6 lakh aspirants are registered to appear for the IIT Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) this year as compared to 4.6 lakh who took the exam last time.The exam will be held at 1,067 centres across the country on Sunday for admission to nearly 9,618 undergraduate seats in 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM Dhanbad. IIT Delhi is organizing JEE 2012 which is probably going to be the last exam in this pattern. Ministry of human resource development is planning to introduce a national common examination for admission to all central-level engineering institutes like IITs from next year. Performance in the school board exam may also be considered for admission from 2013 onwards.As for this year, 74,493 students are expected to sit for JEE 2012 in the IIT Delhi zone which includes Delhi city, Gurgaon, Faridabad, Ballabhgarh, Jammu, Indore, Ujjain, Alwar, Sikar, Udaipur, Aligarh, Mathura and Dubai. According to officials at IIT Delhi, which is organizing JEE this year, the number of girls has gone up significantly this time. \"There were roughly around 22% girls who registered for JEE last year. This time 33% of the applicants are females,\" said Professor G B Reddy, chairperson, JEE 2012. IITs had allowed free online registration for female aspirants this year. Even the offline forms for girls were priced at Rs 200 while they were for Rs 1800 for male candidates in the general and OBC categories.JEE is held in two parts with three papers each - chemistry, mathematics and physics. Part I starts at 9am and goes on till 12 noon, while Part II begins at 2pm and continues till 5pm. The test will be held on an optical reader sheet. \"For the first time, candidates will be able to take home a duplicate copy of their answer scripts after the exam,\" said Professor Reddy. The results are scheduled to be declared on May 18. Of 4, 68,240 candidates who appeared last year, only 13,602 had qualified for admission.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "12563479", "title": "Tribunal restores tribal land to original owner", "text": "GONDIA: The Backward Communities Tribunal has directed the Gondia district administration to restore 0.30R hectare land to original owner Rama Farde of Kudwa village near Gondia. The land was sold to several non-tribals without the permission of the government which is illegal.According to information, Farde had agriculture land of 0.30R in Kudwa. Around 21 years it was sold to a non-tribal without government nod. The sale was deemed illegal as from 1971 permission of government was required for a tribal land to be purchased by a non-tribal. After changing couple hands it was finally purchased by Suresh Katre. Suresh's father Bholaram of Nagpur had taken permission for MS Shivankar Aurvedic Medical College and at present a huge building of this college has been constructed on the land.In due course of time the heirs of Rama Farde started claiming their right on this land. On December 31 2010, they lodged a case before Backward Communities Tribunal. On January 11, 2011, the tribunal sought a report from district administration. Tehsildar of Gondia SS Potdukhe was summoned to Mumbai on February 28, 2012. After hearing him the tribunal directed district administration to restore the land to the original tribal owner - Farde family - and make the necessary corrections in the revenue records and report the matter to the tribal.During the inquiry talathi Arun Pandey was suspended and an inquiry is going on against some others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570885", "title": "Christina Hendricks to launch own swimwear line", "text": "Christina Hendricks has revealed her plan to start a swimwear line, as she can't find bathing suits to fit her boobs.The 'Mad Men' actress wants to design her own range of swimsuits for big-breasted women like her.\"It's really hard to find a bathing suit if you have breasts,\" the Sun quoted her as saying.\"You either get smooshed down, or there's no support at all. I want to start my own line, with good bra support.\"My husband and I have sketched out designs,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12564807", "title": "They remember the sacrifice of Jesus", "text": "LUDHIANA: The bells did not ring at the Holy Cross Catholic Church on Friday morning but devotees crowded in as they remembered the suffering and sacrifice of Jesus Christ, who was crucified to save all the sinners of the world.Marking the occasion of Good Friday, church members participated in a mourning prayer following which they carried out a procession, singing hymns as they walked the city streets and read passages from the Bible. The procession started from the church in Sarabha Nagar. Topo Masih, a resident of Civil Lines, depicted Jesus Christ and carried a cross ahead of the procession while other devotees carried palm crosses.'Good Friday offers us hope'Albert Dua, who stays in Punjab Mata Nagar, said, ''On Good Friday we remember the death of Jesus but it is also a celebration because he did not remain in the tomb but rose again from the dead on the third day, which is Easter.''A resident of Bhamia, Augustine Dass agreed that Good Friday is a celebration of Jesus' death for sinners and his resurrection. Sunil Thomas of Vikas Nagar participated in the procession for the second time.''It's not a play, we are living the memory of what Jesus did for us and we remember that he has changed history by his sacrifice,'' said CMC Road resident Johnson Gill. James Cheema, who stays in Punjab Mata Nagar, said other people have also made sacrifices but Jesus stands out because he sacrificed himself to save his enemies. ''Good Friday offers us hope to approach God. The procession and enacting of the crucifixion are to help us relate to the price that Jesus paid,'' said William Wraich, a resident of Jallandhar bypass.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565844", "title": "House panel wants professional degrees included in national depository scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has raised questions on the effectiveness of the proposed National Academic Depository (NAD), recommending that a regulatory framework along the lines of the Unique Identification Authority (UID) be established and all courses including professional streams like medical and engineering be included within the ambit of the law.The standing committee on HRD headed by Congress MP Oscar Fernandes, which tabled its report recently, also recommended that provision of allowing disputes to be resolved by the National Educational Tribunal should be reviewed since the tribunal was only mandated to handle higher education cases.The NAD bill provides for the maintenance of a national database of academic awards - like degrees, diplomas, certificates - given by universities, colleges and school boards in electronic format in a depository. This is expected to eliminate fraudulent practices such as forging of certificates and mark-sheets by facilitating online verification.Students seeking jobs or pursuing further studies require a credible, authentic and easily accessible mechanism to access and verify academic awards by various authorities. The depository is expected to resolve these issues in a quick and effective manner.The committee has advocated that besides school boards and universities, professional awards like medical, engineering, architecture, chartered accountants and others be also included. So far, 39 bodies including CBSE and National Institute of Open Schooling are included. The panel said that if professional degrees and diplomas were not included, it would lead to a situation where individuals holding high professional qualifications will be unable to use this service.Observing that the data handled and maintained by NAD was \"crucial and sensitive\", the report said, \"When a National Identification Authority can be mandated for establishing, operating and maintaining of a central repository, a similar authority can well be mandated to have the responsibility of handling the affairs of the NAD.\" It reasoned that a regulatory framework will assist in verification of the academic award.The panel has also sought a review on the process of settling disputes. The NAD bill has proposed that disputes be settled by the National Educational Tribunal. However, the committee has pointed out that the tribunal is expected to intervene in cases of higher education only according to the Educational Tribunal Bill 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12574041", "title": "No casualties on our side: Reds", "text": "RANCHI: Maoists have denied casualty in the Karamdeeh forest encounter in Latehar district in which one CoBRA constable was killed on Thursday. The rebels claimed to have seized ration from the security forces and damaged one of the police choppers by firing bullets.Talking to TOI, Bihar-Jharkhand-North Chhattisgarh Simant Regional Committee spokesperson Manas said the Karamdeeh encounter was in retaliation to the joint operation of security forces, Operation Octopus. \"By attacking and killing one security personnel, we have launched 'operation break octopus' and it now depends on the security forces if they want to continue or retreat from our areas,\" he said.Denying casualty on part of the Maoists, Manas said the People's Liberation Guerilla Army (PLGA) carried out the attack meticulously and nobody was injured in the encounter. \"Senior police officers tried to name the villagers in reporting deaths on our part but that was done with the motive of demoralizing PLGA and boosting the morale of security forces whereas ground reality is entirely different,\" he said.Demanding immediate stop to all operations in the forest villages of Jharkhand and Chhattisgarh, the Maoists have threatened to target more choppers in future. Claiming to have fired and damaged the police chopper on Thursday, Manas said police are regularly using it for surveillance. \"Helicopters have become a symbol of death and suffering for the villagers as they know when a chopper is hovering over a village that means harassment and torture by the forces in the next 24 hours,\" he said.However, Latehar SP Kranti Kumar Garhdesi said the chopper could not be damaged by the Maoists despite firing on Thursday.Asked what prompted them to attack a chopper that was going to rescue injured security men - something against their war rules - Manas said the PLGA was no longer convinced about peaceful use of the choppers. \"Had it been purely used in rescue of injured security men, we could have spared but the choppers are used regularly to threaten the villagers by creating an impression that they are being monitored continuously,\" he said, emphasizing that choppers would be targeted if they are used to \"terrorize villagers\".Accusing the security personnel of torturing villagers, he said Operation Octopus is being carried out with Palamu as centre to evacuate 1,500 villagers residing in 32 villages on the Chhattisgarh border who have been protesting the Kutko dam project. \"At least 27,000 acres will be necessary for the dam project and the recent visit of human rights activists irked the government as their fact-finding mission is likely to expose the oppressive measures being adopted by the government in the area,\" he said.Manas added that the encounter took place close to Nagarmao village where a deaf and mute villager, Lukas Minj, was allegedly killed by security forces in January. \"Villages like Sanya, Chemo and Nagarmao have been continuously under the fire of security men,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563278", "title": "Boy\u2019s kin devastated, allege police didn\u2019t act in time", "text": "NEW DELHI: The youngest child of four, Johnny had called up his brother at 6.30pm on the fateful Tuesday to say that he would return home late. \"He did not specify why he was running late, but he said that he would be back by 8.30pm. That was the last we ever heard of him,\" said his elder brother Rinku. Little did Johnny know that an innocent lie to his 'friend' Anoop about his father having sold property worth crores would cost him his life.When Johnny did not return by 9pm, his family began to get worried. \"We tried to reach him on both his cellphone numbers but one was switched off while no one answered the other phone. Finally, around 1.30pm, I dialled 100 and told cops that my son was missing,\" said Johnny's 58-year-old father Ravinder Kumar.Ravinder was in the process of describing his missing son to two constables at his Paschim Vihar residence when his phone rang. \"The call was from Johnny's number. We assumed that things would be fine,\" recalled a tearful Ravinder. However, relief was quickly replaced by horror when a voice with a Haryanvi accent from the other end instructed the hassled father to arrange for Rs one crore if he wanted to see his son again. \"The kidnapper warned me against approaching the cops or media and told me that he would let me know where to bring the money,\" he said.The family alleged that the Paschim Vihar police station took no action after the ransom call and instead asked them to go to Keshavpuram police station. However, cops said they transferred the case to the Keshavpuram police station only after conducting preliminary investigations. \"It appeared that the boy had gone missing from Lawrence Road so we took the family to the relevant police station. There was no dereliction of duty,\" said a senior police officer from the west district.Meanwhile, for Johnny's family, the next three days proved to be nothing short of a nightmare. \"We had no idea what had happened. At first, we thought someone was playing a prank on us because the sum of Rs 1 crore was too huge for us to pay,\" said Ravinder, a small-time businessman. The news of Johnny's death, which came on Friday, has left the family devastated. \"He was my youngest child and the first engineer in the family,\" wailed his 55-year-old mother, Lalita.Johnny loved playing with building blocks as a child and hoped to become a builder one day. \"He was sure that he wanted to become an engineer and refused to follow the family tradition of starting a business. He completed his diploma in civil engineering from Ambedkar Engineering College in Vikaspuri last year and has undergone six months' training as well. He had started working as a site engineer in February this year and wanted to make buildings on government contracts,\" said his father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573988", "title": "A dumping ground exists where once Ravindrapuri Park used to be", "text": "VARANASI: With no signs of a green cover, it becomes extremely difficult to identify this park near the Acharya Ramchandra Shukla Crossing in posh Ravindrapuri Colony in South City. In fact, there is no park left, what with encroachment and dumping of waste. Besides, the ongoing digging work for laying sewer and water supply pipelines has further done its bit to convert this barren piece of land into a muddy and slippery area.One of the posh localities in the city, which used to be loaded with green cover almost two decades ago, is now without even a trace of greenery. The park that used to demarcate the area, separating the Acharya Ramchandra Shukla Shodh Sansthan and the busy road connecting Bhelupur and Lanka, no longer exists. The land is being used as a dumping ground, with a temple being constructed in one corner. Even the shops on private land adjoining it have their exit and entry from the park.When TOI visited the area on Saturday, a handful of children were found playing cricket on the road, though the place was not even suitable for that. Every sign of green cover was absent from the site and only an old peepul tree swayed near the temple. If that was not enough, the dumping of unused sewage pipes of varying diameters had also cramped the area. Similarly, cow dung and open drains spread unpleasant odour in the viscinity.\"The site was full of trees and flowers and it was the pride of the locality. We used to come here for morning walk and exercise. Now, the site is used as a dumping ground and we have to go miles for fresh air after the green cover was removed slowly and steadily in the past two decades. It hurts to see the condition of the park and even more painful is the fact that no attempts have been made to restore the green cover in the area,\" said Bhairav Prasad, a senior resident of the locality.While the Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) came up with proposal to erect brick guard by the roadside and divider on public-private partnership (PPP) model nearly four years ago, the only sign of green cover was evident in the form of broken tree guard that housed a tree at the site.As per Sanjay Agrawal, another resident of the locality, the place was used for all purposes but no one bothered to restore the green cover that could provide shade and fresh air to the locality. \"The place is also facing encroachment and it is evident in the form of mushrooming of shops and market establishments,\" he added.It may be mentioned here that about 1.5 acres of land was developed as a public park in mid 1980s and it was transferred to Nagarpalika (VNN was known as Nagarpalika at that time). A series of saplings of different varieties of flowers and green plants were planted to provide green cover and fresh air.As per KS Pandey, garden superintendent, it is not included in the parks handed over to the office by the Varanasi Development Authority for maintenance. \"It is a public park and strong public support alone can revive the park in the area,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565092", "title": "35-yr-old woman raped by six", "text": "JAIPUR: Six drunk friends beat up a man and gang raped his 35-year-old wife in front of him one by one on the rooftop of a deserted house in Kanota police station area of the city throughout Thursday night.The woman was left in a semi-unconscious state, while her husband who tried to protest was humiliated and severely beaten up by the accused. The police arrested the six men, most of whom were property dealers, on Friday.According to police, the man and his wife are residents of a town in Sikar district. \"The man works at a mineral water factory in Sitapura Industrial area. He was on his way to his hometown on Thursday evening when one Hanuman Meena called him up and invited him to the birthday party of his friend's son at Prem Nagar in Rayla village under Kanota police station area,\" said DCP, east Mahendra Singh .Singh said earlier the man was working at the agriculture farms in Kanota area following which he knew Meena (34) and his other friends including Shankar Lal Meena, Sitaram Meena (21), Rajulal Meena (26), Vishnu Sharma (40) and Dinesh Meena (28).SHO of Kanota police station Vijay Pal Singh said that the couple went to the party where Hanuman and his gang boozed. \"The party went on till around midnight and when the couple was leaving, Hanuman told them that they should stay at his house as it was too late,\" said Singh.He added that Hanuman took the couple on his bike to a deserted house in Sumel in Kardhani Yojana. The other five friends also followed them on bikes.\"After taking the couple to the rooftop of the house, they started beating up the husband and stripped his wife. After stripping her completely, they started humiliating the husband and raped her one by one,\" said the officer.He added that the husband somehow managed to get free and rushed outside. He ran through the village crying for help. The villagers then informed the police.A police team rushed to the spot around 3.30 am finding the woman in a semi-unconscious state. The accused had run away by then. \"We immediately rounded up some of them by 6 am, while the others by 11 am,\" said the officer.Commissioner of police BL Soni said that keeping in view the seriousness of the incident, the police have put the case under the police's 'case officer scheme' and are carrying out DNA fingerprinting to nail the accused during trial.He added that the medical examination of the victim has been carried out and her statements have been recorded. \"The six accused have no criminal background. They were under the influence of alcohol and did this horrifying thing out of fun,\" said Soni.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568588", "title": "Simplicity is Aishwarya\u2019s home d\u00e9cor mantra", "text": "Television actress Aishwarya Sakhuja believes in simplicity when it comes to doing up her homeCleanliness is next to godliness is the maxim followed by the tall and lanky television actress Aishwarya Sakhuja aka Toasty of the popular television family drama Saas Bina Sasural .In a quick interview with us, the pretty actress reveals what her home means to her.My home is inLokhandwala. I live on the second floor of the building.What made me choose this apartment as my home?The wooden flooring was something I absolutely fell in love with, and also as soon as I walked in I got a very positive vibe. So the decision was made immediately that this will be the house I will live in.Is this my dream home?It is more or less my dream home. The warmth it exudes, the ambience and the fact that it is centrally located to a lot of places of work, makes it close to my perfect choice. I think it is. 6.5 out of 10.My favourite memory of my home...is sitting by the window and seeing the rain pour down, with a cup of coffee or tea and a book. The building has a lot of greenery around it and during the rains it becomes heavenly.Favourite possession at home...are my lamps. I have collected them from different places in India and each of them has their own uniqueness.My party cornerMy entire house is open to my friends so when we party we are all over the house.Calming space in my houseMy bed is the most calming space in my home and sleeping is my meditation. There is nothing better than sleeping when you have free time as it helps you relax, calms all your nerves and rejuvenates all your senses so that you can give in your 100 per cent the next day.Most useful interior tipKeep it simple, don't clutter the house with too many artifacts or furniture. And most importantly, keep your house as clean as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564729", "title": "HC raps stone quarries in city", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple of weeks after banning all stone quarrying and crushing activities at Trisoolam hills opposite Chennai airport, the Madras high court now has refused to stay crores of rupees of fine imposed on a host of units charged with illegal quarrying outside leased lands.Rejecting a batch of petitions of mine operators of Trisoolam hill, and Keerapakkam and Edayam Kodumanthangal villages of Chengalpat taluk, the first bench comprising Chief Justice M Y Eqbal and Justice T S Sivagnanam asked the quarry owners to first exhaust the appeal remedy before rushing to the court with writ petitions. While the fine amount runs to several crores of rupees, the units are guilty of carting out thousands of truckloads of illegally quarried stone.All the quarry owners had permits to mine stone in leasehold areas in these three places for a period of 10 years. A series of surprise checks and inspections were conducted by a special team of Geology and Mining department, and the team members were drawn from Theni and Krishnagiri districts. The team unearthed a huge illegal mining racket and estimated that several thousand lorry-loads of stone had been illegally quarried in government poromboke areas abutting the leasehold areas. The department, then sent individual show-causes notices, and followed it up with fine notices as there was no explanation from the unit-owners.After receiving notices demanding fines ranging from 27.1 lakh to 4.88 crore, they filed the present writ petitions stating that the department had not given them adequate opportunity to explain their stand and that the Theni and Krishnagiri units had no jurisdiction to undertake the inspections, that too without prior notice.The first bench, rejecting all these contentions, held that the special teams deputed by the state authority were entitled to inspect any mine, survey and take measurement, weigh, measure or take stocks of mineral lying at any mine, examine any documents, books and register. The team was formed by the commissioner, who had jurisdiction all over the state, it said.As for the complain that no prior notice or intimation was given to the quarry owners before the inspections, the judges said: \"We fail to understand as to what purpose would be served if notice is issued prior to a surprise inspection, when there has been an allegation that illicit mining is being carried on.\"Noting that the unit-owners cannot insist on prior notice in such cases, the bench also pointed out that despite show-cause notices being served on them, the quarry owners had not responded to such notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565022", "title": "No check post to collect entry tax", "text": "KOLKATA: The long queues of trucks in front of the check posts will soon become a thing of the past.If the state finance department has its way, the compensatory entry tax will be collected with the way bill from the registered dealers every month. Dealers will have to file quarterly returns based on self-assessment.And this, in turn, will do away with the practice of detaining vehicles at the check posts.\"The government has faith on traders and industry community. But we will charge huge penalty if somebody is found guilty of tax evasion. It will be based on carrot-and-stick principle,\" sources in the finance department said.Traders from others states sending consignment via West Bengal, need not worry. The government won't charge entry tax on goods meant for other states. The exporters, too, have something to cheer about as the entry tax will not be levied on the goods meant for exports.According to sources, the new entry tax format will be different from the prevailing 'octroi' which is still operational in some other states.Sources in the finance department said there would be no entry tax on 50 items used by both general consumers and industry. These are paddy, rice, wheat, flour, pulses, sugar, salt, textile fabrics, vegetables, fruits, egg, meat, fish, prawn, bread, tea, LPG, kerosene, newspaper, hosiery yarn, petrol and diesel, tractors threshers, foreign liquors etc. \"This is the best format of entry tax among those operational in the country,\" a finance department official said.When contacted, state finance minister Amit Mitra said: \"It is a modern cutting edge business friendly tax without any check post, leaving no room for the alleged harassment and corruption. There will be no impact on common people as all the essential commodities will be out of entry tax purview.\"Entry tax in updated format is operational in 19 states. Most of the neighbouring states of Bengal like Orissa, Bihar, Assam and Jharkhand have some form of entry tax or octroi. \"The proposed entry tax of 1% will be the lowest among all the neighbouring states. So, the chances of trade diversion is also less. In most of the states Octroi or entry tax varies between 2 and 4%,\" sources added.It is learnt that the finance minister had been enabling provision of levying entry tax of up to 5% but decided to levy only 1% to check trade diversion. It has also made the entry tax compensatory in nature as per the court ruling.\"It will be more like a cess where the fund mobilized from entry tax will be utilized on designated heads like construction, development and maintenance of roads and bridges, linking industrial areas, cold storage facilities, development and maintenance of transport hubs etc. Unless it is compensatory in nature, the proposal would not get president's nod,\" sources said. The revenue generation is expected to reach Rs 1,000 crore on account of entry tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12570063", "title": "'Laptop' music launched for public", "text": "With the National Award for best music already under his belt, young music director Mayookh Bhaumik is hopeful that the audience would now lap up the sound track of the film 'Laptop'.Only a two-film old music director, Bhaumik bagged the national award for the theme song of 'Laptop', a film directed by Kaushik Ganguly whose 'Arekti Premer Galpo' (Just Another Love Story) had won the Silver Peacock at IFFI 2010.Bhaumik, who made his debut as a music director with 'Takhan Teish' by director Atanu Ghosh last year, said the theme song binds the entire film together.\"This is one track which is more than just a song. It binds the four strands of the film, the four stories, together,\" said the musician.The National Award won by him, Bhaumik said, actually was \"an appreciation of the hard work of the Laptop team.\"Kaushik Ganguly, the director, \"had left it absolutely to me on the music front,\" Mayookh told a press meet last evening after the music launch of the film, which had been screened at IFFI 2011 and Dubai Film Festivals earlier.Besides the theme music, the only other number Laptop's music CD contains is a promotional song sung by Anupam Roy, though the song is not a part of the two-hour long film produced by Brand Value Communications.On what kind of films he wants to be associated with, he said, \"I do any project I feel in sync with the idea,\"Director Ganguly said Laptop centred around four parallel stories of which a laptop, the protagonist in the conventional sense, is the common factor.The stolen laptop changes hands between people of different cross sections of society and in the course of this journey, it becomes a witness to a number of relationships. Each story begins, but before it ends, the laptop has changed hands to look into the inside of a fresh relationship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12571622", "title": "Pakistani poet Zehra Nigah enthrals at Jashn-e-Bahar", "text": "On a balmy April evening, Pakistani poet Zehra Nigah enthralled everyone with her hard-hitting shayari at the 13th annual mushaira Jashn-e-Bahar on Friday.In a voice as sweet as a granny telling stories to sleepy grandchildren, Nigah left the audience craving for more reciting Urdu poetry on topics as varied as the US drone attacks and female foeticide.Sample the following lines on bombing: Kal sar-e-shaam dushman ne jaate hue /Bum ke humraah barsa diye... /Isske badlay mein woh le gaye /Mere bhai ka dast-e-mushaqqat /Jis mein mannat ka dora bandha thaa /Meri chhoti bahen ka woh paon /Jisse rung-e-hina phhoot'ta thaa (Yesterday evening the enemy left/ but not without bombing... /In return they took the hand of my brother on which the thread of wishes was tied /They took the leg of my young sister, which was writ bright-red with henna).Poet and Bollywood lyricist Javed Akhtar , who came on stage after the Pakistani poet, aptly remarked that the mushaira should end with Nigah's recital as nothing more was left to say.Another Mumbai poet Deepti Mishra was also impressive reciting couplets such as: Dil se apnaya na usne, gair bhi samjha nahi, yeh bhi ek rishta hai jisme koi rishta nahi . (He didn't accept me from the heart, nor did he treat me like a stranger. This too is a bond, which is no bond at all).Other poets in the mushaira were Max Bruce from Austin, USA, Dr Taqi Abidi from Toronto and Basir Kazmi (Manchester). Wasim Barelvi, Mansoor Usmani, Gauhar Raza, Rajesh Reddy, Nasrin Naqqash and Dr Nuzhat Anjum were some Indian poets who recited their verse on the occasion.UK's Basir Kazmi, son of Pakistan's illustrious late poet Nasir Kazmi, lived up to his father's legacy. His couplet, Tumko kho kar yeh samajh aaya hai/ ki bahut kuch kho kar paya tha tumhe (After losing you I have realised/ that I'd got you after losing a lot), earned spontaneous applause from the audience.The mushaira also paid tributes to its long-time patrons: Dr Shahryar, who passed away in February earlier this year after losing a long battle with cancer, and painter M F Husain who attended every gathering of the event till his stay in India. He died in June 2011.Presided by eminent litterateur Ashok Vajpeyi, the mushaira's chief guest, vice president M Hamid Ansari released a book Mujhe Imaan Chahiye, a collection of verses penned by the famous Urdu poet of wit and humour, Akbar Illahabadi. The book is the latest in a series of classical Urdu poets being published in Devnagri.Other luminaries at the event were Union Law Minister Salman Khurshid and Justice Markandey Katju, now chairman, Press Council of India. As per tradition, a young student from Delhi Public School (DPS), Uzair Ahmad, also recited his poem at the mushaira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "12563977", "title": "Bike-car collision at Baga leaves one dead", "text": "MAPUSA: A native of Rajasthan died on the spot in an accident at Baga on Friday afternoon after his motorcycle skidded and crashed into an oncoming four wheeler before catching fire.Police suspect that the victim, Harish Mohammad Sheikh, 25, was speeding on his two-wheeler when he lost control and his bike skidded and hit the road leaving him with severe head injuries.Calangute police said that Sheikh, a native of Rajasthan and resident of Mumbai, was travelling from Baga to Arpora on a bike hired at Calangute. A couple from Mumbai, Kadambari and Nishant, was travelling in a Maharashtra-registered car from Arpora to Baga. The car was chauffeur driven.At about 1.30 pm, Sheikh lost control over his speeding motorcycle and crashed into the car.With the impact, the tank of the motorcycle started leaking and caught fire due to a spark. Later, both the vehicles caught fire and the victim, who was trapped in between the car and his motorcycle, also got burnt and succumbed.The couple, on seeing their car on fire, immediately alighted from the vehicle. The fire services were alerted and both the vehicles were fully damaged in the incident, police said.PSI Laxi Amonkar is investigating the case under the supervision of PI Santosh Dessai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564076", "title": "Daler Mehndi to perform on April 13", "text": "PATNA: Popular folk singer Daler Mehndi will perform at Patna Sahib festival to be organized on the occasion of Baishakhi, at Mangal Talaab, in Patna City, on April 13.Another folk dancer from Delhi, Anu Sinha, would be an added attraction at the festival.Daler has given his consent to perform, said an official. The festival is being organized by the department of tourism, Bihar.Daler has spent his childhood in the lanes and bylanes of Patna Sahib area.A live wire entertainer, his performance will be packaged with exquisite choreography and famous hook dance steps. His famous words or steps like 'balle balle', 'chak de phatte', 'tunak tunak' or 'rab rab' are likely to instantly connect him with audience.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563476", "title": "Local organizers ditch film fest on physically disabled", "text": "NAGPUR: The 9th annual We Care Film Fest, which was to be held at Nagpur from April 6 to 9 has been postponed by the organizers. Though the notice put up at the venue, Panjabrao Deshmukh auditorium, only mentioned that the event has been postponed, organizer Buddhadas Ukey of Sau Gunabai Ukey Charitable Trust, who were to host this festival said organisational glitches had led to the cancellation of the event.There have been 84 editions of the film festival with the message 'Disability is not Inability'. The film fest enjoys the support of some of the biggest names in Bollywood , including Nandita Das , Gulzar and Govind Nihalani. Filmmakers Sandeep Marwah and Sanjeev Arora were to participate in the film fest to be inaugurated by Govind Nihalani at Nagpur.'We Care film fest' enjoys the patronage of United Nations and is conducted by Brotherhood, a Delhi NGO, which provides the films. Satish Kapoor, director of We Care Filmfest, was in the city on Thursday but when he saw the lack of arrangements he decided to call it off.He also advised Nihalani and others to cancel their visit. \"Our festival is not held at a fixed venue. The format is such that we want students to view and rate these films. But when I came to Nagpur to check out the programme I was shocked to learn that no publicity had been given to the event and colleges had not been tapped to enlist their participation.\"Disappointed by the turn of events, Ukey said his associate Vijay Chitnis, who was advising him and was entrusted with the task of organizing the festival, did not do enough. Kapoor said that Chitnis did not even organize a press conference on the eve of the event.\"I was waiting in my hotel room as the press conference was to be held at 4pm. When I called Vijay Chitnis he told me that it had been cancelled and did not bother to give any reason for doing so.\" In fact, Chitnis disappeared a day before the event was to take place.Ukey says that his trust had planned the event with a budget of around Rs 5 lakh but could not collect the required amount. \"Baban Taywade, principal of Dhanwatey National College had offered the auditorium for screenings, as this fest is for a social cause. But other logistics including lights, screens, sound systems and projectors were going to be organized by us.\"Though upset with the way things happened in Nagpur, Kapoor said he has not given up. \"This was a real fiasco. Till late in the afternoon I was getting calls from the mayor and vice-chancellor asking me about the inaugural ceremony, as both of them had been invited. But without an audience how could I have held the inauguration ceremony. Now, I have discussed it with other persons in the city and hope to organize this festival sometime in August.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "12571788", "title": "47 arrested for betting on IPL matches", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Forty-seven people were arrested for their alleged involvement in betting on T-20 cricket matches of the ongoing IPL tournament, police said today.Acting on a tip-off, a special operations group conducted a raid last night and arrested the men in Loni town, SSP Raghubir Lal said.Sleuths seized 36 mobile phones and Rs 30,000 cash from the accused, who were released on bail today.Following the raid, the police post in-charge was suspended for negligence, Lal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12563985", "title": "No hand in no-trust motion: BJP", "text": "MARGAO: Choosing to dismiss speculation that BJP was backing the 11 sitting councillors who have moved a no-confidence motion against the MMC chairperson and vice chairperson, the BJP claimed that it had nothing to do with the development.\"We are not in any way interested in this no-confidence motion and we believe in making our majority in the elections and not by making manipulations,\" said Sharmad Raiturkar, BJP leader and vice president of BJP Goa State Yuva Morcha. The 11 members have planned to call on chief minister Manohar Parrikar after the council meeting convened to discuss the no-confidence motion scheduled for April 10. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "story", "code": "12567817", "title": "Nandu Bhaski", "text": "Story: Bhaskar alias Nandu Bhaski ( Thulasi) is the head of a gang of criminals, and a womanizer too. As he operates behind the scenes and uses his henchmen to carry out various crimes, he is able to maintain a 'responsible young man' image in society. But he dies suddenly and there is panic among the people.Movie Review: Digital camera has revolutionized cinema by allowing aspiring filmmakers realize their dreams. It has made the art accessible, but \"Nandu Bhaski\" is the best example of a useful tool falling in the wrong hands.The pacing of the movie makes one wonder if the director had problems wrapping up the movie.In the second half, the movie goes back and forth to convolute things and makes it longer than it should have been. The editing is careless, and scenes keep repeating. Acting is nothing worthy of mention except for the unintended humour it provides, making up for the lack of a comedy track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565837", "title": "Work on Bijlinagar railway foot overbridge to be completed next week", "text": "PUNE: Construction work of the railway foot overbridge (FOB) at Bijlinagar near Akurdi is expected to be completed this Sunday as the Pimpri Chinchwad New Township Development Authority (PCNTDA) has received the railways' approval for laying the girders for the bridge.PCNTDA executive engineer V K Patil said, \"The FOB will be 55 metres long and 2.5 metres wide. The railways will be implementing a mega block between 1pm and 3pm on Sunday.\"Though the construction of the FOB began in November 2010, the work has since been dragging. Only the construction of the staircases on either sides has been completed.The railway track near Bijlinagar has a number of residential localities, shops and other establishments on either sides. It was difficult for people to spot an on-coming train because of a curve of the track. The fact that a few people lost their lives on the tracks made the FOB a necessity here.Akurdi resident Seema Jadhav said the PCNTDA should expedite the construction work. Another resident, Kailas Mane, said many accidents have occurred at Bijlinagar due to the absence of an FOB.The footpaths for reaching the FOB have to be constructed. The FOB will be opened in about a month's time, said Patil.PCNTDA has also proposed a new railway subway at Akurdi. At present, a rail underbridge is used by people driving from Akurdi towards Ravet and other areas. However, the rail underbridge is not suitable for vehicular traffic as it is narrow. It also faces waterlogging during rainy season.An official with the engineering department of PCNTDA said bids for a new subway were invited in March 2010. The cost of the project is Rs 8.10 crore. \"Light Commercial Vehicles (LCVs), cars, rickshaws and two wheelers can use the subway. Heavy vehicles will not be allowed in the subway. This subway will benefit the residents of Akurdi, Nigdi, Ravet and nearby areas\", the official said", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565502", "title": "RBI clears Enam deal with riders", "text": "MUMBAI: The Reserve Bank of India (RBI) is understood to have conditionally cleared Axis Bank's proposal for merger of Enam Securities. The bank will approach its board to communicate the central bank's stand. The conditions set by RBI were not immediately known.In November 2010, promoter Vallabh Bhansali had entered into a deal to sell Enam's investment banking business to Axis in an all-stock deal for around Rs 2,067 crore. The deal has since been hanging for want of an RBI clearance over some aspects of the transaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564973", "title": "Gujarat Pollution Control Board 's solar-powered building inaugurated", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The new building of the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) at Gandhinagar which is completely solar-powered was inaugurated on Friday. The solar power facility supplies a total of 80 kilowatts of electricity to the building.The new building of GPCB will be used as a research and resource centre with a library and a training institute. National Accreditation Board for Testing and Calibration Laboratories (NABL) has certified GPCB as a national laboratory.Speaking at the inauguration, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi said that the credit of the first-of-its-kind building goes to the far-sightedness of GPCB and that the initiative has set an example for others in the area of green and sustainable energy.Modi also said that instead of creating scope for pollution and then trying to control it, creating a pollution-free society is a better option for the future generation. \"Industries pollute for their own interest and there is a need to stop them from doing so,\" said Modi.The event also saw the launch of online services of GPCB, and a book was released on Pollution Control. Forest and environment minister Mangubhai Patel said that the Paryavaran Bhavan would not only save electricity but it is also planned to conserve water. Others present on the occasion included minister of state Kiritsinhji Rana, MLA Shambhuji Thakor and Gandhinagar mayor Mahendrasinh Rana.For the first time, solar energy will power all 40 air conditioners (ACs) in the Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB)'s new building. This is the first 100 per cent solar-powered building where electricity generated through sunlight will also power as many as 600 fans and 1,000 CFL tube lights besides the ACs. After investing Rs 1 crore in the power system, GPCB claims that the cost will be recovered in the next 5 years. , through less power consumption bills. The investment is inclusive of a 10-year operation and maintenance contract for the building. The solar panels set up atop the building over 2,000 sq meters space will generate 80 KW energy.GPCB also aims to conserve water in this building. There are two separate recharge wells through which rain water will be harvested. \"Approximately, 750 cubic metre of rain water is expected to be recharged into the underground aquifiers every monsoon season,\" said GPCB officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564795", "title": "Criminals elude police, strike with impunity", "text": "CHENNAI: The police have their addresses and the telltale clues they've left behind at the scenes of their crimes, but more than 50 hardened criminals have managed to elude arrest in Chennai for several years. Among these crooks are violent robbers, master thieves and dacoits, and they continue to strike at will across the city.According to police statistics, Chennai has the most criminals who have given the police the slip even though they have been positively linked to various crimes based on fingerprint evidence and other clues. Coimbatore, Madurai, Trichy and Tirunelveli follow Chennai among cities in Tamil Nadu with the largest number of criminals on the loose.Notorious burglar Sheik Dawood, a native of Andhra Pradesh who broke into four jewellery shops in the city and looted more than 1,500 sovereigns of gold ornaments, is still on the run. The police found his fingerprints at all the crime scenes but have not been able to nab him as yet.A senior police officer said Dawood would usually drill a hole in the wall in the rear of a jewellery outlet he had staked out, enter in the dark of night and make away with all the gold jewellery he could take.\"When Dawood broke into Shri Abirami Jewellery near Panagal Park, he set off the burglar alarm. The owner rushed to the store but after a check, finding all the ornaments intact and nothing amiss, he returned home believing that rats could have triggered the alarm,\" a senior police officer recounted.\"Dawood was hiding inside a motor room behind the shop while the owner was inspecting the shop,\" he said. \"After the owner left Dawood went back inside and took 400 sovereigns of gold jewellery from the display cases.\" Though investigators knew that the burglar was Dawood, they were not able to apprehend him.\"We are searching for him, but for all we know Dawood may have moved to another state where he is posing as a businessman,\" another police officer said. Many criminals, on the advice of their lawyers, regularly shift house from one police precinct to another to avoid arrest. When the police arrest robbers or burglars, they record their addresses and fingerprints. All the data is stored in files at police stations in the jurisdictions of which the crimes were committed. However, since there is no common police database as yet, when a criminal changes his area of operation, he goes off the police radar.\"When a criminal is released from prison, he moves to a new residence and starts a new life of crime,\" the officer said. \"We asked landlords to give us declaration forms for tenants because that will help us arrest criminals wanted for crimes in other places. We are collecting the names, photographs and other personal details of tenants to match the information with our records,\" Chennai police commissioner J K Tripathy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564890", "title": "A golden age comes to an end", "text": "BANGALORE: It is only a matter of time before their fine craft dies out: the goldsmith (or achari in local lingo), who painstakingly chiselled away at pieces of malleable gold, is giving up. He can't take on the big brands, with their jewellery designers, factories and machinery, and air-conditioned showrooms. Nor can he deal with VAT and other levies. The old, loyal customer is his only buoy.After 64 years, V Adiappa Achari, 78, wants to retire from the profession, and take up something which fetches him a lot of money. He is aware that his is a dying tradition. \"There's nothing left in jewellery designing? Retailers own big factories and machines which can produce jewellery in no time. They hire craftsmen who are trained to design jewellery, while we learnt the art from our forefathers,\" said Achari. His father and grandfather were reputed goldsmiths of Jewellers Street.That Adiappa's son is no more a goldsmith is another surefire sign that the end is near. \"He chose a profession which would get more business. Gold and silver are costly and small shops are facing stiff competition from big brands. Craftsmanship is dying,\" he told TOI.Adiappa rues that his talent and craft could not earn him a good life, whereas jewellery businessmen lead a lavish lifestyle. \"Even blacksmiths have more work than goldsmiths these days,\" said Adiappa.Hard Work, Low PayDesigners are paid a pittance. Making charges are cut when the jeweller gives additional rebates to old customers to hold on to them. This 'making charge' is paid to goldsmiths, who take pains to blow air through blowers, inhale smoke, work in dim light, and yet, come up with intricate designs.Selvaraj and his son, Simon, are holding out, though their business is hit by big retailers. Said Simon Don Bosco: \"Consumers today seek readymade jewellery and fine designs. Not that we cannot make them, but we need time. The consumer does not wait. Moreover, our shops are in the bylanes, while retailers have fancy showrooms in the city centre.\"Simon learnt the art by watching his father. He was 16 when he picked up the hammer. \"The situation was never so bad. We had generations of loyal customers who would buy all their jewellery from us. But now we hardly get any orders from nearby shops on Jewellers Street,\" he said.Business HubsIn Bangalore, these traditional goldsmiths are located on Jewellers Street, off Commercial Street, on Avenue Road and Chickpet Circle -- certainly not where the fashionistas shop. Retailers, on the other hand, have branches in every shopping centre.\"My grandfather started this business, when there were few shops around. People would wait in long queues to buy from us. Today, people don't come here because there is no space to park four-wheelers and they prefer branded jewellery,\" said Nagendra Prasad, 53. He runs the business with his uncle KA Ramu, on Avenue Road.Ramu is a mining engineer and worked in the gold mines of Kurnool and Kolar. \"During our time, we took the business very seriously. I studied mining and worked in gold mines to get a clear idea of the sector. Business used to be good even some decades ago. But as the metals became costly, and local craftsmen were unavailable, it become very tough for us,\" he said.They provide extra services to keep customers happy, like going to their homes to show designs, and to hand over the completed products. Ramu has three daughters, and none of them is interested in the business, while Prasad's only son is a software engineer. \"Most of our goldsmiths come from Bengal and Kerala. Only Bengalis are sticking to this tradition,\" said Prasad.Sanjay Achari, from West Bengal , said: \"My father came here 40 years ago and started this business. Our children don't want to get into this tradition because there is no money in it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12564796", "title": "Gujarat glitter on Hong Kong business", "text": "From being a diamond worker in Junagadh earning a paltry sum of Rs 4000 per month to setting up a diamond company with an annual turnover of Rs 60 crore in Hong Kong, Vijaykumar Sheth is truly a global Gujarati.When Sheth accepted a new job offer to work as a polished diamond salesman in Hong Kong in 1995, he received a lot of discouraging comments from his colleagues and family. But Sheth went ahead and worked on a foreign land without the knowledge of English or the local language. It took him just two years to overcome his weaknesses and establish a diamond sales network for his employers.However, the joy of achievement was short-lived for Sheth. In 1999, he received a message from his company that his services were no longer required as the employers had decided to close down the unit.After staying in Hong Kong for five years, it was difficult for Sheth to return to India. So, he decided to stay back and look for job opportunities. Four years later, Sheth established his own company 'Carbon Craft', which is into polished diamond and jewellery exports business.\"Hong Kong was a new market for Indian diamantaires in 1995,\" said Sheth, 47, who is settled in Hong Kong with his wife Kalpana and 16-year-old daughter, Divya. \"I was among the early batch of Gujaratis from the diamond industry that played a pivotal role in establishing the polished diamond market in Hong Kong.\"There was a time when Sheth used to cut and polish diamonds. \"Now, I import polished diamonds from diamond factories in Surat and export them to countries like China, Japan, US, Dubai , among others,\" he said. \"My company also deals in diamond studded jewellery, which has a very big market in Hong Kong and China.\" Hong Kong has over 350 Gujarati-owned diamond firms. \"Our share in Hong Kong's diamond business is more than 65 per cent,\" said Sheth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565840", "title": "Prepare for Lok Sabha polls: Mulayam Singh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party supremo Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday, exhorted his party workers to prepare themselves for the Lok Sabha polls scheduled to be held in 2014. Addressing a meeting of workers at the party headquarters in Lucknow, Mulayam said that the aim of the party is to win all 80 Lok Sabha seats.He reiterated his promise of keeping an eye on the functioning of the state government. \"We will place a mechanism, where in people will be able to know the status of the work. That will involve efficient communication, so that people do not need to come to the state capital quite frequently,\" he said. This way, party workers will be able to focus on their job more effectively. He said that the state government needs to be given at least six month time before it attains some pace and work efficiently.Meanwhile, the Samajwadi Party expelled its three leaders in Etah, including a former MLA, for their involvement in anti-party activities. Those expelled include former MLA Raghuvir Singh, Lakhan Singh and village head of Naraura, Pappu Diwakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565919", "title": "Drunk driver rams car into three women, one critical", "text": "MUMBAI: A visit to the church for Maundy Thursday service proved disastrous for three women, including a senior citizen, as a drunk driver lost control of his car and rammed into them in Borivli at 12.15am on Friday. Two of the women were dragged some distance by the car; despite people shouting at the driver to stop, he just reversed the car and ran over them again.Carol Gibson (50), Celine D'Souza (41) and Murial Travasso (60) were hit by the car driven by Subodh Mahajan (38) while they were returning home from the church in IC Colony. D'Souza's condition is said to be critical, while Gibson is stable. Both have been admitted to Nanavati Hospital at Vile Parle. Travasso, who suffered only minor injuries, is recuperating at home.\"D'Souza has suffered brain injuries and has been put on a ventilator. She also sustained fracture to her leg and injuries to her ribs,\" medical superintendent Dr Ashok Hatolkar said. This is the third incident within a fortnight where people have either been killed or injured by sloshed men at the wheel.Mahajan, a ticket collector with Central Railways, was nabbed from his residence a few hours after the accident and was released on a cash bail of Rs 10,000 by a holiday court later in the day. Medical tests confirmed th he was drunk at the time of the accident.The mishap took place at Holy Cross Road in IC Colony when the three women were crossing the road to enter Fairy Apartments, where they reside.THe incident has spread a chill of fear in the quiet neighbourhood of IC Colony that was preparing to celebrate Easter.\"We can't imagine what would have happened to the victims had the rest of us not been around and rushed them to the hospital in time. We are weary of returning home late and keep looking over our shoulders,\" said a resident. They are also shocked at driver Subodh Mahajan's behaviour who did not stop to help the victims, instead reversed his car and crushed them again.\"We plan to organize a prayer service at church for the victims,\" said a neighbour of Celine D'Souza and Carol Gibson, who are admitted to the Nanavati Hospital. \"Our parish priest went to the hospital to see them. Irresponsible driving should be dealt with strictly and it's shocking how easily the accused has got off on bail.\"Yvonne D'Souza , who heads the IC Colony Womens' Association, said the colony with its cobbled paths was a favourite haunt of speedsters. \"We have been egging the civic authorities to install a speed breaker at the spot where Friday's incident occurred ,\" she said.\"My mother is deeply traumatized since the incident and her blood pressure has shot up. The doctor has advised her rest and not to recount the incident again and again. We were not present at the spot and were summoned by neighbours ,\" said Murial Travasso's son. Travasso escaped serious injury as she fell to one side of the road. Gibson's daughter, Dionne, said her brother spent the entire day running around between hospitals for their mother.Their neighbours stayed up till 6am to help D'Souza and Gibson's families.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568976", "title": "Manchu Manoj\u2019s one-day break", "text": "Manchu Manoj, yes , the actor who created quite a buzz (read noise) over the title of his latest movie &quot;Mr Nokkayya&quot;, is off on a one-day break. Much needed, we say!Though it's not a far off exotic location, still a holiday is a holiday. So, the actor is happy to be taking a break after six months and is catching up with friends in Chennai. \"Off to Chennai for a day to meet my friends... been 6 months and I miss them...\" Manoj said. And as soon as he joined the Manchu gang, there was a lot of fun. The actor even posted a picture of the gang and wrote, \"My brothers from other mothers :)) love you machans... the gangs of Chennai.\" The actor had been busy, for the past few months over his film \"Mr Nokkayya\". Earlier titled &quot;Mr Nokia&quot;, the movie ran into trouble when mobile service provider company Nokia, after which Manoj's film was named, filed a petition in the Delhi Court to change the title. More than anything else, Manoj's comments about the company, created quite a stir. All that is over now and Manoj is having fun!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "12565619", "title": "China links Pak to Uighur terror", "text": "BEIJING: China, for the first time, named six Xinjiangbased terrorists with close links to terror groups in Pakistan . Beijing has also signaled its dissatisfaction over the Pakistan government's reluctance to curb militancy along the Chinese border.In a statement on Friday, China's ministry of public security said it \"hoped that foreign governments and their law enforcing departments would help to arrest the six and hand them over to Chinese authorities\" . It did not name Pakistan but said it was a South Asian country.This gives India an important lever to deal with Pakistan on the 26/11 Mumbai attack in the run-up to PM Manmohan Singh's lunch meeting with president Asif Ali Zardari on Sunday. China, which has tried to defend Islamabad on 26/11 attack, is likely to remain silent now.The Chinese ministry said it has frozen the assets of six terrorists of the East Turkmenistan Islamic Movement (ETIM), including Nurmemet Memetmin, Abdulkyum Kurban, Paruh Tursun, Tursunjan Ebibla, Nurmemet Raxit and Mamat Imin Nurmamat. Memetmin (47) was one of the founders of the ETIM in 1997.This is the first time the public security ministry openly overruled the foreign affairs ministry's stand that it \"appreciates Pakistan's efforts in the war against terrorism\" . The drift of China's statement is very clear: the terrorists are hiding in Pakistan and Pakistani leaders must now prove their worth as \"all-weather friends\" by nabbing them. Top Chinese leaders seem to have decided that internal security is more important than diplomacy.The ministry of public security said that the six terrorists played a key role in the organization of terror outfits, planning and execution of \"terrorist acts against Chinese targets within and outside the country\" .The ETIM is the \"most direct and real safety threat that China faces,\" the ministry said. The statement clearly endorsed the views of Xinjiang governor Nur Bekri, who last month said that there were thousands of links between ETIM terrorists and terror groups in Pakistan. Similar statements have come from other Xinjiang officials in the past two years.The Chinese ministry for public security said Memetmin \"set up a terrorist training camp in a south Asian country in 1997 and acted as a military instructor there\" .The reference to the south Asian country, obviously Pakistan, was also made while discussing another terrorist , 29-year-old Mamat Imin Nurmamat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564776", "title": "5 lakh aspirants to sit for IIT-JEE in 2012", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2008, the Indian Institutes of Technology opened themselves to the world; looking for some diversity on campus, they travelled to Dubai and held their brutally competitive Joint Entrance Exam there.But the fifth edition of this exam there has nothing to boast about: Candidate count has been around the same; in fact it has fallen this year to 186. In the previous years, students signing up to take the JEE from Dubai hovered around 200 to 220.On Sunday, this small bunch of students will be joined by another 5.06 lakh teenagers in India for whom taking the JEE has become a staple for signing up for an engineering education. Overall, candidate numbers are up from last year's 4.86 lakh and the IITs have increased the exam centres to 1,067 this year. But this exam will also probably be the last of the JEEs as we know it. There are close to 9,590 seats spread across 15 IITs and competition will be stiff with 53 candidates battling it out for one seat.GB Reddy, JEE chairman, said, \"Students are supposed to use a black ball point pen this year and not a pencil. The minimum score that a candidate must get to secure a rank has also been declared.\"This year, the IITs have mandated that general category students must get a minimum aggregate score of 35% and at least 10% in each of the individual sections for being on the rank list. Similarly, OBC students must get at least 9% in individual sections and 31.5% in the overall score; for SC/ST, the minimum to be bagged in each section is 5% and 17.5% must be the minimum aggregate to be on the rank-list.For the last few years, the IITs have had the highest number of students qualifying from the IIT-Bombay zone; it remains to be seen if the new rules on scoring will change that. Under the Bombay zone, student numbers have gone up in Mumbai and Navi Mumbai, forcing the IITs to set up additional exam centres, but Pune has seen a drop in applicant numbers. The count of exam centres is up from last year's 47 to 54 across Maharashtra, with two new centres in Akola and one each in Solapur, Kolhapur and Ratnagiri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "12563709", "title": "Abandoned baby may be adopted", "text": "NOIDA: Following widespread media reports highlighting the plight of a two-day-old girl who was found abandoned on Wednesday, a large number of people thronged the district hospital to adopt the baby. Hospital officials have directed them to contact the district administration. The child is still in the custody of the district hospital and is reported to be healthy.\"We received around 25 inquiries from couples and single women. They expressed willingness to adopt the child,\" said CMO, Dr Meena Mishra. \"However, we don't have the authority to hand over the child to anyone,\" she said. The hospital has written to the district administration to take further action regarding the guardianship of the child after she was admitted to the hospital by cops who found her abandoned near the Sector 37 crossing late on Wednesday night.\"In the past too, in 5-6 cases of abandoned children, we had reported to district officials who then completed the formalities for their adoption and guardianship. We have sent copies of the letter to the city magistrate, the DM and the SSP to take quick action,\" said Dr Mishra.The girl is still under the care and observation of a paediatrician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564029", "title": "Railways to beef up security at 202 stations", "text": "PATNA: Concerned at inadequate security at most of the vulnerable stations across the country, railways has decided to implement its long-pending 'Integrated Security System (ISS)' on a priority basis. During a recent meeting between the Railway Board and railway security officials in New Delhi, it was unanimously decided to initiate a slew of steps to implement ISS.According to a Railway Board official, under the revised plan railways would expedite installation of CCTV-based surveillance system at 202 major stations, including Patna . ISS would be made functional at 76 stations by the end of April 2012 and at the rest of stations during 2012- 2013 fiscal year.The official said that apart from CCTVs, railways would construct boundary walls and barbed fencing at the stations. Besides, there would be multiple screening of passengers on the pattern of airport security. Automatic vehicle scanners would be installed at entry gates. There would also be door-frame metal detectors and baggage X-ray machines at platform entry points as part of the ISS, he said.According to sources, railways would set up dedicated control rooms at strategic locations which would function round-the-clock monitoring the situation through CCTV-based surveillance system. CCTV cameras would be installed in such a manner that they cover the entire station premises, including concourse, waiting halls, platforms, overbridges, passenger reservation system ( PRS) and ticket booking counters, sources said.The railways intends to make CCTV system Internet-protocol based so that security personnel could easily single out any suspect and inform the control room. Besides, there would be provision for video recording, which would give automatic signals in case of suspected baggage, excessive crowd and intrusion by unauthorized persons at the station entry point itself, sources said.The railways has also decided to counter nefarious designs of the banned extremists active in a few states, including Bihar and Jharkhand. Railways is mulling to raise a special task force to deal with Naxals, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "12563455", "title": "BHEL to set up fabrication unit near Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Public sector power equipment maker BHEL will set up a fabrication unit at a cost of Rs 1000 crore in Sakoli, about 80km near here in adjoining Bhandara district, a top official said today.\"BHEL is in the process of acquiring 200 acres of land to set up a fabrication plant to meet its own requirement for electrical machines,\" K S Mathur, Head of BHEL Power Sector (Western Region) told reporters here.He said the land acquisition from both Government and private parties was in an advanced stage and may be over during the current fiscal. After that, the company will start the work on the plant, which will cost Rs 1,000 crore.One such plant exists in Trichy and since Bhandara unit will be located in central India, it would help in dispatching fabricated parts quickly, Mathur said.Talking about the company's financial performance, he said BHEL has achieved a turnover of Rs 1,480 crore in 2011- 12, which was 22 per cent higher than the previous fiscal. The Profit Before Tax (PBT) rose 45 per cent to Rs 177 crore.To a question, Mathur admitted that there was 20 per cent gap between supply and demand though the company has augmented its production capacity from 6,000 mw to 20,000 mw capacity generation units.BHEL recently supplied one unit of 500 mw to MahaGenco's Khaparkheda thermal power plant near here, two units of 500 mw each to its facilities in Bhusaval, North Maharashtra and 351 mw unit to Gujarat State Energy Generation Ltd's unit at Hazira, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "allahabad/lucknow", "code": "12565726", "title": "Minor girls raped in Allahabad orphanage", "text": "ALLAHABAD/LUCKNOW: In a horrifying incident, three minor girls, including a mentally challenged, were allegedly raped by a peon in Rajikiya Shishu Grih, an orphanage run by the social welfare department of the state government for children below 10 years of age, in Allahabad.The incident sent shock waves across the state. The Allahabad high court took a suo moto cognizance of the matter and issued directions to complete the trial of the case within three months. The government also swung into action and terminated the services of the accused peon and put the superintendent of the child home under suspension. The Allahabad district administration also ordered a magisterial probe to find out if there are more such victims in the home.The victims are said to be between six and nine years of age and were being subjected to physical and mental trauma by the peon, Vidya Bhushan Ojha, for the past couple of years. He had threatened them of dire consequences if they dared disclose the matter. However, the trauma these girls were undergoing came to light when one of the victims was adopted by a childless couple. The couple found blood stains in some clothes of the girl she brought from the shelter home.Upon inquiry, the girl told the couple about the peon's heinous act. They immediately informed the local authorities. Later inquires revealed that there were two more victims. The three girls were sent for medical examination. Later, authorities said that in two cases of rape had been confirmed. One of the victims is mentally challenged.The accused has been arrested. He belongs to Siwan district in Bihar and was employed on contract basis for the past five years. \"We have terminated the services of the accused and put the orphanage superintendent Urmila Gupta under suspension till the inquiry is complete,\" Bihari Swarup, director, social welfare, told TOI. Officials suspect that a few mentally challenged orphan girls in the home might also have been physically abused. Experts will be called to interact with the mentally retarded girls to find out the truth. Other children in the orphanage are also being examined. The number of children in the orphanage is much more than its capacity and is in poor condition. Most of the residents are girls as the childless couple prefer boys for adoption.Though district magistrate Anil Kumar ordered a magisterial probe into the incident, taking suo moto cognizance, a division bench of the Allahabad high court comprising Justice Amar Saran and Justice Ashok Srivatava issued direction that investigation of the case and trial be conducted within three months in order to send a strong deterrent message that neither the court nor the society can tolerate such abhorrent conduct by a person who are given the charge of protecting orphan children. The bench has also directed the principal secretary, women and child welfare, UP, to submit an affidavit on steps being taken to ensure that sincere persons are appointed as superintendents in all such shelter homes in the state besides improving their security.The court also directed the principal secretary to inform as to what action had been taken against employees, who have been found engaged in similar crime in the past. The district magistrate and senior superintendent of police of Allahabad have been directed to appear before the court on April 11, 2012 to explain how such an incident took place in the government children home. Soon after, a team of law students of Allahabad University comprising Utkarsh Dixit and Shobhit Dubey visited the orphanage and interacted with the residents. Later, they told TOI that many children hinted about sexual abuse. Apprehending that child trafficking might also be taking place in the home, the team said that it would file a fresh PIL for a thorough probe by a CBI or a retired judge.This is not the first incident when minor and disabled girls have fallen victim to perverts in government institutions in the state. Last year, a visually challenged girl was raped in the government school for blind in Lucknow. In December 2012, as many as 12 deaf and dumb girls and a boy studying in a government-aided school for hearing impaired had complained about sexual harassment by the son of the school manager. The children were also being exploited by the staff. On April 5, minister of state for women welfare Aruna Kori suspended three employees of girl shelter home in Kanpur after a girl ran away. Later, she was recovered by the police. She revealed that she escaped because she was forced to clean the toilet and was beaten up when she refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564135", "title": "Science College likely to regain lost glory", "text": "PATNA: Patna Science College, one of the oldest institutions of higher education in science in the eastern region, is likely to regain its lost glory, thanks to the initiative taken by its new principal, Arun Kumar Sinha.In an exclusive interview to the TOI here on Friday, Sinha said that he was pained to see the deplorable condition of the college. Outsiders, mainly boys, from the neighbouring localities used to occupy the college grounds throughout the day and create all sorts of nuisance, he said and added the entire campus has virtually turned into a jungle as the poisonous parthenium plants has invaded the entire vacant space available on the campus. Besides, college students did not have even the basic amenities like drinking water and toilets. Most of the buildings located inside the premises of the college look shabby and dilapidated, with their roofs leaking during the rain, he said.The principal said that at first he stopped the outsiders from entering the college grounds during the college working hours. No outsiders can enter the premises before 6 pm. He has initiated steps for cleaning the campus and improving the sanitation. The entire campus would be beautified soon, he said.He has also been trying to provide safe drinking water to the students and their guardians. Water coolers along with water purifier would be installed at the college administrative block. The Union Bank of India has agreed to provide necessary funds for the purpose, Sinha said. Steps have also been initiated to revive a canteen for the benefit of scholars and faculty members.The dilapidated buildings of the college would be repaired and roof treatment work of all the buildings would be undertaken soon. The buildings, which appear black today, would also be whitewashed, he said. The state government has sanctioned more than Rs 2 crore for the purpose, the principal said.The state government has already decided to develop Patna Science College along with some other selected colleges of the state into \"centre of excellence.\" A couple of years back, the Union HRD ministry had also come out with a proposal for upgrading this college into a \"centre of excellence\". The principal secretary of the state finance department has sought Rs 127 crore for establishing a state-level centre of excellence for post-graduate studies and research in Patna Science College under Japanese Grant Aid Programme.However, no further communication has been received from the Centre in this regard so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564988", "title": "Masina waste moved near another hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after Byculla residents raised a stink about biomedical waste being dumped outside Masina Hospital, BMC's clean-up marshals on Friday took the waste and dumped it in a lane near another hospital. On Thursday, a social activist complained to Masina Hospital and civic authorities about the waste lying outside the hospital.Residents said adult diapers, bloodied cotton swabs and syringes had been lying outside the hospital for the past 20 days. On Friday, residents were glad to see clean-up marshals picking up the waste, but were horrified when the marshals tied the waste in bags and dumped it in a lane next to Balaji Hospital.Dr Rohinton Dastoor, medical director of Masina Hospital, said, \"The waste is not from our hospital. We routinely dispose our waste as per the norms.\" Civic norms say biomedical waste has to be collected from each hospital every day.Additional municipal commissioner M M Adtani said the BMC is not directly responsible for biomedical waste. \"If the hospital is found guilty, it will have to pay a minimum fine of Rs 20,000,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563281", "title": "More swine flu victims suspected in Nashik", "text": "NASHIK: The count of suspected H1N1 patients at the Civil Hospital rose to eight on Friday with five more patients admitted, one on Thursday and four on Friday.However, a 20-year-old woman undergoing treatment in the isolation ward of the hospital was discharged after she recovered from the disease, officials said.Hospital sources said while reports of three suspected swine flu patients admitted to the hospital on Thursday were being awaited, one more patient was admitted the same day and four others were brought on Friday.Medical officers attending to the patients said they had sent swabs of patients admitted on Thursday for examination to Pune to confirm if they had swine flu, while the details of the patients admitted on Friday would be sent soon.Three women from Panchavati were admitted on Thursday and one more 50-year-old patient was admitted the same night.On Friday, a 45-year-old from Igatpuri and a 20-year-old from Lekhanagar were admitted at the same time. Another 34-year-old from Rajeev Nagar, Cidco, was admitted at noon and a 37-year-old woman from Kabir Nagar was admitted at 2pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565591", "title": "Reporting guidelines: Supreme Court expands scope of deliberations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The purview of the Supreme Court's deliberations to frame guidelines for how media should report sub-judice matters, which arose from indignation over a news report on \"leaked\" privileged communication between the counsel of Sahara Real Estate Corporation and Sebi, has now been expanded to include related cases which had been pending in the apex court since 1999.While hearing Sahara's application, a five-judge bench headed by Chief Justice SH Kapadia had directed that \"any party, who desires to make submissions in the matter, may do so by way of intervention\". This prompted several public spirited lawyers and organizations to intervene in the deliberations.During the discussions, the court had appeared to narrow down the issue before it to a debate on the framing of guidelines for reporting of criminal trials to guard against violation of Article 21 guaranteeing right of an accused to reputation and dignity and to ensure that his trial does not get prejudiced, and the witness protection mechanism is not impacted.However, on April 4, the court ordered inclusion of four more media guideline-related petitions, two of which were pending since 1999 and 2000, within the zone of consideration by permitting the parties involved to make submissions on \"framing of guidelines for reporting of cases in media\" when the matter is taken up for hearing on April 10. This at once broadened the scope of the exercise.The issues raised in these four petitions include norms for news coverage in electronic media, norms and guidelines to minimize presentation of sexual abuse and violence on TV channels, contempt proceedings against journalists for publishing confessional statements of accused before police and making police liable for damages for tarnishing the reputation of an accused by releasing details of investigation into a case.In Criminal Appeal No. 1255 of 1999 titled PUCL vs State of Maharashtra, the News Broadcasters Association had desired to intervene and assist the apex court on the issue of \"what norms should govern news coverage by the electronic media\". On November 5, 2008, a bench headed by Justice Dalveer Bhandari had issued notices to all state and Union Territory governments.The writ petition (civil) No. 387 of 2000 titled Common Cause vs Union of India last came up for hearing before the court in July 2009. The relief sought by the NGO was to \"prescribe definite norms and guidelines for minimization of presentation of scenes of violence and sexual abuse in serials and programmes telecast by TV channels for avoidance of undesirable mental impact on the viewers, particularly children\".In the transfer case 27 of 2011, NGO Anhad had sought initiation of contempt proceedings against two senior journalists for \"publishing confessional statements of accused before police and thereby prejudicing or tending to prejudice the due course of judicial proceedings of those accused\".Ban sought on cops leaking case informationAnhad had also sought a direction to the government to lay down guidelines \"to be followed by both police and media regarding release of evidence or information and its publication against the accused claimed to be obtained by police during interrogation or investigation when the matter is sub-judice\".The fourth petition included in the list was a writ petition filed by Dr Surat Singh in 2008 in the aftermath of media reporting of UP police's version of the Aarushi murder case and the role of the accused. He had sought a complete ban on police leaking any information to media about pending investigations. He had also requested the court to make police officers personally liable for rushing to media and \"making adverse comments or character assassination of an accused or his family members/friends or about the victim\".Singh had sought framing of guidelines and norms for coverage of criminal cases pending investigation \"so that the right of privacy and to live with dignity is not at the mercy of irresponsible press or media as has been done in the case of the recent Aarushi murder case\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "12564174", "title": "Panjab University paying peanuts for paper checking", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If you thought evaluating a postgraduate (PG) student is tougher than the one in school, disparity in remuneration for paper checking may surprise you.Payment to check answer books at Panjab University (PU) for even PG courses is way lower than what the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) gives for Class XII assessment.Despite a \"decent\" hike in the charges for evaluating answer books for undergraduate (UG) and PG courses on Thursday, from Rs 11.80 to Rs 15 for UG and from Rs 14.60 to Rs 18 for PG, the hiked remuneration does not even touch the amount that CBSE pays for Class XII, Rs 20. Close to 2,76,000 students enrolled in colleges affiliated to PU and 21,000 on campus, appear in exams each year.\"It is not only about remuneration for evaluators, the whole system needs to be revised,\" said PU Teachers' Union president Akshaya Kumar. The only saving grace for PU is that the committee has approved a substantial hike for evaluating research work.Dilip Kumar, a member of this committee, said, \"What comes as a big relief is the hike in checking PhD, MPhil and DLit thesis. For checking a doctorate in literature or science, the remuneration has been hiked from Rs 600 to Rs 3,000.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568140", "title": "Potluck lunch on Bade Achche Lagte Hai sets", "text": "The chemistry of the costars from 'Bade Achche Lagte Hai' is quite opposite onscreen and off screen.There might be a lot of negative air and animosity amongst the characters on screen in Ekta Kapoor's popular TV serial Bade Achhe Laggte Hai, but the situation off screen is completely opposite.The actors of the show, particularly the Kapoor Khandan comprising Eva Grover, Sumona Chakraborty, Mahesh Shetty, Tarana Raja and Jai Kalra are inseparable on the sets. \"So much so that despite having separate making rooms, they all end up spending time together in one room only\", says a source associated with the show.\"Especially during lunch time, it looks like a potluck lunch every day\", the source adds. Well, someone has stated truly that 'a family that eats together stays together'!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12564992", "title": "Slain trader\u2019s kin seek CBI probe", "text": "KOLKATA: A murder victim's family has contested the police version of events and the chargesheet and has moved Calcutta high court seeking that the case be reinvestigated by CBI. The controversy is around the killing of Phears Lane businessman Syed Mohammad Salauddin on June 20, 2011.The murder had made front-page headlines. The media followed the police version that Salauddin was shot in Salt Lake at dawn but still drove to Ultadanga police station, staggered past the sentry and collapsed. He gave his name and address before losing consciousness, police had said.Within three days of the murder, police said they had solved the case and on the fourth day, they arrested the prime suspects. The chargesheet was submitted in 'record time'.But the trader's family disputes the chargesheet. The victim's brother, Syed Mohammad Raza, and lawyer Rajib Kumar Kundu filed a writ petition in high court on Thursday demanding a CBI probe. They claim that a senior IPS officer had paid no heed to their \"inputs\" that the murder was a result of business or personal rivalry. The hearing is slated for next week.\"Salauddin's mobile record details show that he was at the Vivekananda Road crossing at 4.44am on the day of the murder. How is it possible for a person, who has been shot thrice below the arm, to reach Salt Lake Tank 13, and then drive 4km (the police say less than 3km) to Ultadanga police station by 5.10am, a gap of just 26 minutes?'' asked Raza. He also claimed that the Honda City's tyre was punctured. The police version suggests that Salauddin had taken the extra pain of parking his car at the police station parking lot. \"Can any fatally injured person carry out all the above activities?'' asked Kundu.Quoting extensively from the chargesheet and the seizure report, the duo claimed that no forensic examination report had been submitted and that no fingerprint expert had examined the interior of the Honda City . \"The car had an elongated scratch mark in red on its left side. The police kept mum about it. Neither has any serological or ballistic report been submitted so far. Why were police in such a hurry to file the chargesheet?'' wondered the lawyer.Raza said that they had given police the names of two persons they suspected but it was not followed up. He wonders why the investigating officer allowed the car (that was owned by the victim) to be released to a distant family member when the case is still under trial. \"We hope the high court will give us a patient hearing,'' he said.Earlier, the police had arrested a 'spurned lover' - Mili Pal - and a 'hired gunman', Bapi Sen, for the murder. Mili, who claimed to have had a long affair with Salauddin, and Bapi were nabbed in Ratanpur village in Murarai, some 80km from Suri. A 9mm pistol was seized from Bapi. Bullet casings of the same caliber had been found in Salauddin's car. Police also found Salauddin's PAN card, ATM cards and cellphones from the duo. Mili had told CID officers that she hired Bapi to take revenge on Salauddin for \"ditching her\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12564966", "title": "Karl Marx faces axe in Mamata Banerjee\u2019s syllabus \u2018poribartan\u2019", "text": "KOLKATA: Mamata Banerjee is now taking 'poribartan' to Bengal's school history syllabus, by advocating that communism be erased from textbooks. Texts are to be rewritten to paper over the roles of Marx, Engels and the Bolsheviks and highlight modern democratic movements, according to the recommendation of a syllabus reform committee.The Left protested the move, but officials insisted it had nothing to do with politics and aimed to correct the \"lopsided\" syllabus followed during the Left rule. \"It is a complete misconception that we are doing away with Marxist movements or communism from history. We have only suggested including democratic movements, invasions by various explorers and 20th century history,\" syllabus reform committee chairman Avik Mazumdar said on Thursday. \"We have brought in Latin America, China as well as various movements in India. Also, Bangladesh and Sri Lanka have been included, given their significance in the post 1947 era.\"The panel's recommendations will be submitted next week.\"Marx ... should be studied as a historical phenomenon but not at the expense of the Mahatma and not at the expense of Mandela,\" Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien said in an online post. He added that the move was a corrective one and not an attempt to doctor history.'Marx and Engels were not great characters in history'As the war of words has erupted in Bengal, with the CPM alleging the Trinamool Congress is assaulting democratic principles with its latest move to change the history syllabus, the authorities said they were merely correcting a communist slant that had prevailed since Left Front times.Syllabus reform committee chairman Avik Mazumdar said the present syllabus highlighted only communist movements. \"We have omitted the Russian Revolution, but kept Lenin and the Chinese revolution in the syllabus. If we had any intention to leave out communism, then why did we include Chinese revolution and Lenin?'' said Mazumdar.\"It is unfair if the children are only taught about these theories and do not have any understanding of the Green Revolution, Chipko movement or Nelson Mandela .\" He said Marx and Engels were not \"great\" characters in history, but they have been taught since they are part of the syllabus. \"Lenin is still relevant for his contribution on imperialism. So are a few others. It is unfair to claim that we have kept communism away.\"\"The students and parents of Bengal will give a fitting reply to such acts,\" CPM politburo member Brinda Karat retorted, accusing the Trinamool Congress of launching an \"assault on the democratic principles accepted by all''.Leader of the opposition in the West Bengal assembly Surjya Kanta Mishra said he was yet to go through the committee's recommendations. \"What I gathered from the media is alarming.\"In another recommendation, the syllabus committee has recommended that the state board students be taught about literary stalwarts who introduced Indian writing to the west. Works of Amitav Ghosh , Jhumpa Lahiri, Mulk Raj Anand, Vikram Seth, R K Narayan, Anita Desai, Upamanyu Chatterjee and Arundhati Roy are set to be part of the English syllabus for classes XI and XII.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564734", "title": "9,000 Karnataka schools take green turn", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka can boast of 9,000 'environment-friendly schools' by the end of this financial year. They will grow their own vegetables, plant medicinal plants in their school's backyard and be high on the green awareness quotient. Being coordinated by the Karnataka State Pollution Control Board (KSPCB), state education department officials will be roped in for the project's implementation.\"Last year, we were successful in making many schoolchildren environment-friendly. Based on that, we thought of taking up the initiative in a more organized manner this time,\" said KSPCB chairman A S Sadashivaiah. The body has set aside a budget of Rs 2 lakh per district to facilitate this programme across the entire state.Apart from training school teachers and bringing out literary works on air, water and soil pollution, competitions will be held on green initiatives, which will fetch awards and marks for the students, the chairman said.Facilitating another green initiative, KSPCB will encourage industries to get involved in 'Green Nurturing'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "12565034", "title": "Counselling sessions for men in uniform soon", "text": "KOLKATA: In February 2012, a 42-year-old police constable - power minister Manish Gupta's resident guard - fired at his family members before shooting himself dead at Benapara near Hooghly's Chanditala. His mother and brother sustained bullet injuries. The constable had suspected illicit relationship between his wife and brother.Men in uniform taking the extreme steps has off-late become a spot of bother for the state. In a bid to give a tender touch to their personal lives, the government has planned counselling sessions for state and city police.The sessions will address mental and reproductive health issues that may severely be affected due to occupational stress and some may require counselling or even psychiatric treatment in extreme cases.A project by the city and state police is set to kick start, where psychologists, psychiatrists and gynaecologists have been roped in to work out a model through which it would be possible for the seniors officers to identify those requiring treatment and counselling.The first session will take place on Saturday at the Kolkata Police's second battalion campus in Cossipore with some doctors. Almost 100 of the 1,000 members of the second battalion will interact with the doctors.Four professionals - two psychiatrists, one psychologist-cum-counsellor and a gynaecologist-cum-endocrinologist - will hold the session. An official said the sessions are meant for everyone in the force, constable upwards and at least up to the level of SPs. \"However, our basic thrust is on the subordinate force.\"\"There are often complaints of police constables or sergeants getting rude, mostly at the police station ,\" said Debashis Roy, additional commissioner-III of Kolkata Police, in-charge of the project for city police. \"The idea is to find out who are stressed out.\"All eight battalions of Kolkata armed police, traffic police, 12 state armed police battalions, 2 India reserve battalions and eastern frontier rifles will take part.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568318", "title": "Mainak gets a big break", "text": "Mainak Banerjea, who crossed over to films from reality TV, has bagged his first film as the lead - Rupak Das' \" IPS Badal\".Earlier, he was part of Swapan Saha's \" Best Friends\" but this character is far more challenging, claims the actor. \"I play an IPS officer on a mission to bust the flesh trade on the Bengal-Bihar border,\" he says.To get under the skin of the character, Mainak is currently undergoing a rigorous training session. \"My producer T Sharif insisted that I learn the techniques of combat sport. I've also bulked up a lot for the film. I hope to pull off the role with great conviction,\" he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564691", "title": "Too many agencies \u2018spoil\u2019 road repair plan?", "text": "MUMBAI: Multiplicity of agencies seems to act as an impediment to maintaining the road network of the city.Identifying the agency in charge of a road is a difficult task and it becomes evident when Mumbaikars try to use the BMC's pothole-tracking software to send complaints of potholes; more often than not, the BMC apparently receives complaints about stretches that are not maintained by it but by other state agencies.Since December, the civic body has received 349 pothole complaints, of which, 77 are reportedly such stretches. Fed up with the misunderstanding and to tide over the problem, the BMC has come up with a new plan. It has asked the firm in charge of the software, Probity Soft, to mail the details of the complaints to the agencies concerned. The email addresses of all government agencies will be given to the software developer who, with the help of civic officials, will mail the details of potholes, their exact locations and pictures taken by complainants.But civic officials are apprehensive about the success of the plan as according to them, dealing with other government agencies has not always been fruitful. \"Government agencies hardly cooperate on routine matters. It will be a pleasant surprise if they respond. But... we cannot expect the public to identify which road is under the BMC.\"Probity Soft director Shantanu Kulkarni told TOI, \"The chief engineer (roads) has given a list of email addresses that will be used when a complaint related to a road with other agencies is reported. Our responsibility will be to dispatch the details to the department concerned so that those stretches can be repaired.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12559170", "title": "Katy Perry awed by Sachin Tendulkar, Priyanka Chopra", "text": "Pop star Katy Perry was ecstatic on meeting the god of Cricket, Sachin TendulkarAmerican pop star Katy Perry was in India to perform at the opening ceremony of the Indian Premiere League 2012. The singer entertained the cricketers with her performance and impressed the Indians with the addition of glittering bindis, maangtikas in her wardrobe.This was Katy's second visit to the country. Katy was thrilled to meet master blaster Sachin Tendulkar so much that she posed with him and shared the picture on her blog.\"Had a great time at the IPL ceremony in India. Met Sachin Tendulkar, one of the BEST cricket players in the world!\" said Katy.Perry also got along with Priyanka Chopra . Perry told PC, \"lovely to meet you! Can't wait to host you in Los Angeles ...also can't wait to raid your closet.\" With Priyanka all set to launch her debut English album as a singer, Perry's friendship is bound to strengthen PC's singing talent.Victoria Beckham too had complimented PC on her style few days back. A site had even voted the Don Actress as the Most Influential Indian. Looks like Priyanka's on a roll!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12564760", "title": "Summer brings along skin trouble", "text": "LUDHIANA: As temperature begins to soar, spending time outdoors is no longer advisable. A baking-hot summer is slowly setting in and it's time to keep yourself covered to protect your skin. With the increase in skin's vulnerability to heat, doctors have already started getting cases of skin problems and have suggested some ways to beat the heat.Professor and head of the department of skin at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital ( DMCH), Dr Alka Dogra, said, ''There has been a 10% increase in cases of skin infections with many cases of boils, especially on scalp, legs and arms. It is still the early days of summer, but people have already started getting fungal and bacterial infections.'' She added that continuous sweating leads to glands getting hydrated due to which there is precipitation resulting in severe acne. People who travel during the day, exposing their skin to sun are prone to heat-related allergies on face and arms, she said.''Apart from skin related problems, there will be other issues with the rising temperature,'' Dr Alka added. People tend to drink less water in summers and this could result in dehydration and gastroenteritis. ''Even though there is a rise in skin infections, we haven't yet received any complaints of prickly heat, however, we are expecting such cases in July and August when humidity will be at its peak,'' she added.Even cases of skin tanning and polymorphic skin eruptions are witnessed with rising temperature, said Dr Abhilasha Williams, assistant professor in the department of dermatology at Christian Medical College and Hospital ( CMCH). ''Indian skin generally has high melanin content that makes it more prone to tanning. We are witnessing cases of skin irritation due to increased sensitivity to sunlight,'' she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564563", "title": "1 application for new engineering college this year", "text": "BHOPAL: Increase in vacant seats appears to have put a brake on the opening of new private engineering colleges in the state. This year, the All India Council of Technical Education (AICTE) has received just one application for a new college in the state.Of 220 engineering institutions in the state, there are 90 from Bhopal. Of 88,610 seats available in these institutions, around 23,000 seats remain vacant every year.The AICTE received 20 applications from the central region including Madhya Pradesh, Chhattisgarh and Gujarat. Such was the low turn-out that AICTE had to extend the last date of submitting the application from December 31 to January 25, earlier this year. Of them, there was just one application for MP.Spokesperson of Association of Professional and Technical Institutes in Madhya Pradesh, BS Yadav said there is a huge gap in demand and supply. \"Engineering colleges are already fighting with problem of vacant seats. It would not be feasible for any new player to start new college in such situation,\" Yadav said.There was a time when a large number of colleges were coming up. From 21 new colleges in 2007-08 alone in Bhopal , the number went down to 2 in 2011-12.Though the number of new private colleges went down, the number of seats went up. According to an AICTE data, there were 47,100 seats in 2007-08 which went up to 88,610 seats in 2011-12.The situation is so bad that even the owners of the existing engineering colleges have been demanding to close the entry of new players.\"The need is to improve the quality of education and not the quantity, \"Yadav said. This year, there will be an increase of 10,000 seats.On the condition of anonymity, a college owner said mechanical and electronics branch seats get students quickly as compared to other branches. \"Students are keen for two-three branches. For other branches, colleges struggle to fill up seats.And as the IT boom is over, students are no longer showing same keenness to join IT branch, he said. \"Some colleges even wanted to shut down the IT branch\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12563555", "title": "Kelkar panel lends ears to peoples' sentiments", "text": "YAVATMAL: The committee headed by economist Vijay Kelkar visited Yavatmal on Friday and held discussions with the representatives of various NGOs, farmers, office-bearers of local bodies and farm widows on the premises of district collectorateLater addressing a press conference, Kelkar assured that the sentiments and woes of the people of the district in general and farmers in particular will be reflected in his report. He, however, refused to comment on the final shape of his report. He assured that he will present a comprehensive report entailing various aspects and factors that lead to the agrarian crisis. Though there was a demand for the statehood to Vidarbha by one of the farm activists, Kelkar said that he would stand with the demand personally but would not reflect the same sentiment in his report.While elaborating the purpose of the visit of the committee, he said that the government appointed the committee on May 31, 2011 and the terms of reference is very specific - to identify indicators for determining the regional developmental imbalance in the state and decide upon the direct investment/expenditure plans, to prepare action plan for the implementation of identified interventions on priority basis and to suggest remedial measures for minimizing the imbalance. The report would also decide the strategy for allocating developmental funds and suggest role of the regional development boards in order to ensure that imbalance does not occur in future.Other members of the committee Vijay Borade, Dr Madhav Chitale, Dr RP Kurulkar, Dr VM Mainde and Dr Vinayak Deshpande too answered the queries of mediamen.About faulty implementation of the government schemes, Kelkar said that he would emphasize in his report to have a rethinking on the prevailing mechanism and adopting corrective measures.Asked about Bt cotton issue, vice-chancellor of PDKV, Akola, Dr VM Mainde admitted that Bt cotton is not a feasible option for the region having unpredictable water resources. \"Bt cotton needs adequate and regular water supply and if it is disrupted, it would adversely affect the production,\" Mainde said.Collector Shravan Hardikar, divisional commissioner Ganesh Thakur, additional CEO of ZP Raghunath Avachar, RDC Rajendra Deshmukh and other officials were present in the press meet.Yavatmal MP Bhavana Gawali, Digras MLA Sanjay Rathod, VJAS president Kishor Tiwari, secretary Mohan Jadhav put forth their representations before the committee in the morning session. Farm widows have also narrated their hardships to the committee in the afternoon session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12564688", "title": "Fee fraud: Bombay high court admits PIL, Chhagan Bhujbal faces trouble", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court will hear a PIL alleging that Maharashtra PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal's trust, which runs the Bhujbal Knowledge City in Nashik, defrauded students and government into paying excess fees to the tune of Rs 8 crore in just two years since 2010.The PIL alleges that Bhujbal and his Mumbai Educational Trust (MET) institute defrauded the Shikshan Shulk Samiti - the government committee that sets fees for private professional institutes. It has demanded quashing of the fees, returning excess amounts to students, suspending the trustees and appointing an administrator.The PIL filed by former freedom fighter Balasaheb Jhambulkar has dragged the 64-year-old minister, NCP strongman and founder trustee of MET along with his wife Meena, son Pankaj, nephew Sameer, co-founder of MET Sunil Karve , the fee committee and the Mumbai Charity Commissioner to court.The committee fixes fees based on valid and permitted educational expenses actually incurred by privately run institutes in the previous accounting year. The PIL alleges that the trust running four Nashik institutes of management, polytechnic, engineering and pharmacy \"fraudulently\" showed inflated amounts as expenses when there were none. The trust thus misled the committee into fixing \"higher\" fees.The PIL alleges that Bhujbal's trust cheated not only the government and students but also the Maharashtra government's Social Welfare Department, which pays the fees for SC/ST students and half the amount for OBC students. The petitioner says he wrote to the government on March 12 but when he got no response, he moved the court by the month-end.The Bhujbal Knowledge City showed over Rs 4.6 crore allegedly not related to management courses as expenses between 2010-12 for its Institute of Management, the PIL says, resulting in fees of Rs 1.15 lakh in 2011-12 instead of Rs 83,000. It recovered an excess amount of Rs 1.5 crore from its students, the petitioner alleged and finds it \"shocking\" that an institute led by a cabinet minister is taking students and the state for a ride.The government has issued a resolution especially to protect students from being asked to fork out exorbitant fees by private professional institutes run by charitable trusts for their profit. Only expenses approved by the All India Council for Technical Education and the UGC are considered for fee fixation.Luxurious facilities are meant to be provided by institutes at their own cost and cannot be recovered through fees, but the PIL which has enclosed income expense account statement for the year 2010-11 for the institutes, says \"garden expenditure\" is taken into account and elsewhere amount of Rs 25 lakh shown expense for \"provision of technology development\" was not used but kept by the trust in a separate section called \"technology development fund\".The Mumbai charity commissioner's representative will now visit the MET campus on Saturday. The order was in response to a complaint filed by Karve alleging that Bhujbal has misused the premises for furniture business run by his daughter-in-law. He added that Bhujbal had dismantled the furniture showroom thus \"destroying evidence\" and is now trying to create new evidence to show legitimate use by constructing classrooms.MET on Friday said, \"We respect the order of the Mumbai charity commissioner to inspect eighth and 10th floor of the MET, Bandra, and we'll fully cooperate with the inspection team.\"The Bhujbal Knowledge City showed over Rs 4.6 crore allegedly not related to management courses as expenses from 2010-12 for its management institute, resulting in fees of Rs 1.15 lakh instead of Rs 83,000, says the PIL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565809", "title": "Slow progress mars effort to make Satara schools RTE compliant", "text": "PUNE: The building of school infrastructure as per norms set by the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE) Act, is moving at a rather slow pace in the neighbouring Satara district. This, despite the substantial financial allocations made through the central government's Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan (SSA) programme.An independent assessment of 146 schools across Satara district, carried out by the New Delhi-based Centre for Policy Research (CPR), has brought out this fact. The exercise formed part of the CPR's'Planning, allocation and expenditure: Institutions studies in accountability' (PAISA) district study carried out by CPR's research wing.Satara was one of nine districts in seven states across India where the study was done to find out the extent of change brought out by the RTE Act, which completed two years since becoming became operative from April 1, 2010. The act defines, among other things, the minimum required school infrastructure, which is expected to be in place within three years of it coming into force. It includes, for instance, an all-weather building consisting of at least one classroom for every teacher; an office-cum-store-cum-headmaster (HM) room; separate toilet blocks for boys and girls; safe and adequate drinking water facilities for all children; barrier-free access; boundary wall; kitchen for cooking mid-day meals; library and playground.The deadline for putting up this basic infrastructure is the end of March 2013.However, the PAISA report says that more than three-fourths of the schools in Satara lacked a complete boundary wall. Only 6.8% schools started boundary wall construction and 15.2% schools started toilet construction work as late as in 2010-11. Nearly 30% of the schools lacked a functional girls' toilet and satisfactory drinking facility. One-third of the schools did not possess a playground. A quarter of the schools had no library. Almost half the schools did not have a separate HM's room, the report stated.\"Satara has fared well compared to other districts covered by the PAISA study, but considering Maharashtra's high budgetary allocation and expenditure on schools, the progress has been slow,\" said Ambarish Dongre, a senior researcher with the research wing 'Accountability Initiatives'. Apart from the 146 schools in Satara, the study covered another 1,154 schools in the other eight districts of the country, Dongre said told TOI.Through the SSA, the central government provides for 65% of the state's elementary education budget. The remaining 35% is provided by the state government and the same is usually spent on administrative expenses like teachers' salaries and maintenance of school infrastructure. Maharashtra's elementary education budget increased from Rs 9,157 crore in 2009-10 to Rs 12,585 crore in 2010-11 with the allocation per child working out to Rs 12,075. Of this, Satara's elementary education budget stood at Rs 317 crore, while the investment per child in Satara amounted to Rs 14,766, the PAISA report stated. In fact, the school infrastructure budget for Satara went up by 61% in 2010-11 over the previous year 2009-10. Allocation for construction of boundary walls around the schools increased from Rs 0.88 lakh to Rs 211 lakh. Similarly, from Rs 3.5 lakh to Rs 17.7 lakh for construction of toilets, the report pointed out.Dongre listed several reasons for the slow progress. \"The schools are unaware that the money has been transferred to their bank accounts by the Zilla Parishad i.e. the local self-governing body for the district. Sometimes, the schools are located far away from banks, making it difficult for them to monitor their bank accounts regularly. Sometimes, schools are unaware of the purpose of the grant and subsequently, there are deliberations in school management committees as to what should be done with the money,\" said Dongre.Satara zilla parishad's primary education officer Mahesh M Palkar said, \"Our (ZP's) role is confined to being a monitoring body, which provides funds to schools in the district to fulfill the criteria of the RTE Act. We monitor fund utilization by schools in the district. We transfer funds to schools and give inputs to them as to how the funds can be utilized to comply with the act.\"But Palkar conceded, \"There are various crippling problems in our way to achieve the target by next year. Firstly, there are few skilled engineers in our area who can help us put together the infrastructure in schools. Secondly, constructing new infrastructure requires space, which comes at a premium. Finally, there is a paucity in water supply in several blocks in the district, making it hard for us to provide drinking facility to the children to children.\"The slow progress of work means that a majority of the schools now find themselves running against time to meet the March 2013 deadline.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565896", "title": "Bhayander foot overbridge inaugurated ahead of civic body polls", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bhayander foot over-bridge (FOB) which was delayed by over a year was thrown open to the public on Thursday. The inauguration of the bridge, however, was done hurriedly by the local National Congress Party (NCP) with an eye on the forthcoming civic elections in the region.On Thursday, NCP MP Sanjeev Naik and MLA Gilbert Mendonca opened the FOB originating from Balaji Nagar in the west to Prashant hotel in the east. The local unit of the BJP was also quick in putting up boards taking credit for the construction of the FOB. The FOB was constructed by the Mira-Bhayander Municipal Corporation (MBMC) with funds from the MMRDA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565225", "title": "Hip implant surgery broadcast live to doctors", "text": "JAIPUR: Three surgeries were performed on a teenager on Friday at the Fortis Escorts Hospital here and relayed the live video to orthopedic surgeons in the state.The three surgeries were conducted on an 18-year-old boy who did not have a hip since birth because of an infection.The teenager was walking with a limp and in pain since his early childhood due to the absence of the hip.Further, his leg was also short by 2 cm. During the operations, the doctors used a new hip using specialized cemented hip implants.The surgeries have been a success and the teenager will now be able to walk without any pain or the limp.He had lost his hip because of an infection at birth and was facing difficulty in walking and carrying out his routine activities.All three operations were performed by Dr Ross Crawford and Dr Anoop Jhurani at the Fortis Escorts Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569754", "title": "Rochelle wants to debut opposite Aamir Khan", "text": "The prestigious title is hers, but for Miss India International 2012, Rochelle Maria Rao, there's lot more to achieve .\"The crown has made me more responsible and it's my only dream to bring back the crown and make my country proud. Hard work definitely pays off and I am working long and hard so that I can bring back the crown this time. My country has lot of expectation, as India has never won the International crown, so I am working hard towards it. I do meet the requirements and I am confident of coming back with the crown.\"At the same time, the pretty lady makes it clear that competing on the International stage is no cakewalk. \"The beauty pageants are a different ballgame all together. Winning PFMI'12 South was a teaser which gave me a vision. PFMI'12 was a complete journey, and this journey shall not end until I bring the coveted crown back to India.\"Though Rochelle too had her moments of anxiety and fear, she was always confident that she would win this time. \"I was confident, that I will win. The one month long training has helped me a lot in building my personality and I got even more confident. Marc Robinson has been really instrumental as he always told me to have the right kind of confidence. For the International pageant, the whole team of experts including Marc will be there to train us. The Miss India journey was wonderful and has really made me the person I am today. I came second in PFMI South '12 and I was unsure whether I should take part in the PFMI competition, but after the grooming, deep inside I am confident that I will be a winner this time.\"So, now that Rochelle is finally Miss India International 2012, what was her happiest moment when her name was announced the first time? She says, \"Life has suddenly become very hectic, but I still can't forget the moment when my name was announced. The first few seconds I was in a daze, and the moment the crown was on my head, I realized I was finally a Miss India.\"Though Rochelle is extremely elated, but she is sad about the fact that she had started the South journey with Shamata, and it would have been great if she would have ended the PFMI journey with her. When probed further, Rochelle says, \"I feel Vanya and Prachi truly deserve. In fact, Prachi has an awesome personality. People should know, it doesn't matter whether you speak Hindi or English , you should have good communication skills to let people know about you.\"Though it's a north south reign dance in PFMI'12 this time, but being a Chennai girl, Rochelle wants Chennai girls to come forward and take part in such national pageants. \"Chennai has some beautiful girls. I too was scared initially to step out of Chennai and follow my dream. I wish I had done it earlier, but I just hope after seeing me, lot of young girls from Chennai will actually come out and take part in beauty pageants.Not just International pageants, she also has her eyes set on Bollywood and Kollywood. So when asked what her perfect dream debut would be in the Bollywood film industry, it wasn't a surprise when she said it would be opposite Aamir Khan! She adds, \"I like Aamir Khan , he thinks differently. I love his films. She adds with a humorous touch, \"If I win the International crown, I wouldn't mind doing Hollywood films too. I am open to all kind of films and I want to do movies across countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564967", "title": "Average package touches Rs 8 lakh at Nirma's management institute", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As many as 406 students from different programmes at Nirma University were conferred upon their degrees at the annual convocation of the institution held at its campus on Friday. The institute also handed out 24 scholastic medals to students from various courses for securing the overall first, second and third ranks.Speaking at the event, director general of Nirma University N V Vasani talked about the campus placement at the Institute of Management. Vasani said, \"There were companies from banking, financial services, marketing or market research, manufacturing, consulting, retail, and insurance sectors offering various profiles to the students.\" He said that companies from sectors like automobile, IT and few PSUs also took part in the recruitment process for the first time this year.Vasani also said that the highest domestic annual package offered to a student at the varsity was Rs 10 lakh. The offer was made by Ranbaxy to three of its students.Over 40 companies participated in the campus placement while the average package offered to the students was above Rs 8 lakh this year. Infosys and ICICI banks made the highest number of offers at 45 and 20 respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "keshpur", "code": "12563138", "title": "TMC factions clash at Keshpur", "text": "KESHPUR: Factionalism within the Trinamool Congress led some 300 party supporters to block a highway for three hours and gherao a police station in West Midnapore's Keshpur on Friday.The ruling faction dismissed the agitators as \"CPM miscreants\". The mob had gathered under the banner of 'Keshpur Pratibadi Mancha' to protest the arrest of Sk Ajibul Haque, who was charged under the arms act in Wednesday's clash between rival Trinamool groups from Keshpur's Mukundapur and Beladoba villages.President of the ruling faction, Ashish Pramanik, and his predecessor Chitta Gorai had accused Haque of involvement in the firing that injured a woman on Wednesday. Acting on the complaint, police arrested Haque around 7.30pm, triggering protests by his supporters. Pramanik was chased and gheraoed. In spite of a day long agitation, police stood their ground and refused to release Haque.He was taken to Keshpur police station. As news spread, some 300 supporters of the Pratibadi Mancha gheraoed the police station. Other Mancha leaders like Sheikh Hannan and Basir Ali alleged that Haque had been arrested on false charges and demanded his immediate release.When police refused to release him, the agitators launched a blockade of the state highway connecting Midnapore town with Hooghly's Arambagh through Ghatal in West Midnapore. This blockade continued from 9 a.m. till noon. Traffic bound to and from Midnapore came to a standstill for those three hours.When Pramanik went to the spot and tried to speak to the agitators, he was chased. Pramanik fled and took shelter in Keshpur police station. Some of those chasing him then gheraoed the police station once again.Around noon, DSP administration P.K. Chakraborty went with a large police force. He first tried to speak to the agitators and urged them to lift the blockade. When they refused, police lifted their batons in a bid to start a lathi charge. The agitators immediately relented on seeing the raised batons and left the place.With the blockade lifted, traffic began plying on the highway from 12.30 p.m.West Midnapore SP Pravin Tripathy said Haque was arrested under the arms act for Wednesday's clash. He was produced in court and remanded in judicial custody till April 10. Some 300 who people blocked the highway to demand his release were removed, he said.Haque was Beladoba resident Alisa Bibi was injured when gun shots were fired during the clash. Members of the factions that clashed had also hurled bombs at each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568362", "title": "Subrat Dutta is back in Tollywood", "text": "Subrat Dutta, who had been making the maximum of minimum time spent in Bengal, is back from the Maximum City. This time around, to shoot two back-to-back films - Ashis Roy's \" Lattoo\" and Kartik Singh's \" Target Kolkata\".Currently working on the latter, the actor will be flying out of the city on April 7 to shoot for Batul Mukhtiar's \"Kaaphal\" in Rudraprayag. \"I will be back on April 27 to complete the two films. \"Target Kolkata\" is a crime thriller and in \"Lattoo', I play a struggling singer,\" he says.The film will also see him pair up with Megha Burman of the much-talked about \" Dam 999\". So, how difficult is straddling the two industries? \"I lost out on a few good roles because of my commitments in Mumbai. But now, I'm back to doing Bengali films,\" says Subrat.A couple of the actor's films are also slated for release this year. But it's \" Talaash\" that has Subrat waiting with bated breath. \"Working with Aamir Khan is nothing short of phenomenal. I've worked with him in \"Mangal Pandey: The Rising\". The best part about him is that he judges a film from the audience's point of view,\" says Subrat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565865", "title": "Firing victim admitted to private hospital", "text": "PUNE: Dilip Tekale, employee of Ambika Bhuvan tea stall at Lohiyanagar in Bhawani Peth, who sustained bullet injuries in both legs when an automatic carbine of a beat constable allegedly went off accidentally on Thursday, has been shifted to a private hospital for treatment.The other injured persons, Sandeep Adep (33) of Kharadi and Abid Abdul Salim Khan (33) of Ghorpade Peth, are being treated at the Sassoon General Hospital and are out of danger, doctors said.Tekale, Khan and Adep sustained serious injuries after the automatic carbine of beat constable Vilas Kashid went off accidentally at the tea stall in Lohiyanagar. The police shifted them to the Sassoon general hospital for treatment.Speaking to TOI, deputy commissioner of police (zone-II) Raghunath Khaire said Tekale was shifted to a private hospital for further treatment. \"He is out of danger. The police will help him get the best possible treatment,\" he said. tnnMeanwhile, the police have initiated an inquiry in the matter. \"We have suspended Kashid,\" Khaire said.Khaire added that the police were trying to find out the reason behind the accident. \"The weapon will be sent to armoury for inspection,\" Khaire said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12574072", "title": "Munda mulls right to food act", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Chief minister Arjun Munda said the state government is considering introduction of a right to food act to ensure nutritious food for the people at reasonable prices. Munda, who was here on Saturday to inaugurate the centralized kitchen for the midday meal scheme for public schools, said the RTF draft formulation was under consideration.\"We are in talks will the agencies and people concerned for expertise in formulating the draft,\" said Munda after inaugurating the modular kitchen at Ramdas Bhata in the city.Munda said in the light of increasing prices of food stuff, it had become difficult for people - particularly the economically weaker section - to consume nutritious food at affordable price. So the government has agreed in principle to bring in the RTF act. Asked when the government will bring in the legislation, Munda said, \"The process is on.\"He said the daal-bhaat scheme of affordable food catering introduced at 300 centres across the state on November 15, 2011, has received overwhelming response and the proposed RTF act will further help in their bid to ensure proper nutrition of economically poor sections.He claimed that the state government is actively engaged in pursuing its pro-people agenda and will take all measures to address their grievances. \"There are several challenges before the government as far as ensuring total welfare of the citizens is concerned but the government is moving ahead strongly,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564777", "title": "Don't panic over H1N1, say doctors", "text": "BANGALORE: Influenza A or H1N1 virus (swine flu) might be in the air, but there is no need to panic, say health and family welfare department officials as well as chest disease specialists in the city.Since January 1, 2012, Karnataka has reported 71 positive cases of swine flu and 3 deaths between February 22 and March 27. In 2009-10, the figure was alarming -- over 100 succumbed to the disease.Says Dr Shashidhar Buggi, director, Rajiv Gandhi Institute of Chest Diseases: \"The present situation cann8ot be compared to that of 2009 and 2010 because the virus was new then and spreading fast. Now, we have the exp8er8ience to deal with it. The8re is greater awareness too.\"Dr Buggi feels the media plays an important role here. \"The media should behave responsibly and avoid creating a panic-like situation. People should be told that medication is available to fight swine flu and it is curable.\"Dr Chandrashekhar Malaji, joint director, communicable diseases, Karnataka, agrees: \"The situation is %very much under control in the state. We have enough stock of Tamiflu tablets in hospitals and they're also available in the market. If we maintain hygiene and keep our surroundings clean, then chances of the virus spreading will come down.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563287", "title": "Civic body hasn't renewed labour licence for 8 years", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has failed to renew its labour contract licence, which enables it to employ contract labourers, for the past eight years. The office of the deputy labour commissioner (DLC), Nashik division, which covers five districts, has served a notice to the NMC and instructed it to renew its licence.As per the contract labour Act, any firm or self-government body requires a licence for appointing contract workers and it is mandatory for the body to renew the licence every year. Accordingly, the NMC had taken a licence from the office of the DLC, but it has not renewed it for the last eight years. So, the DLC Office issued a notice to the NMC administration instructing it to renew the licence at the earliest.There are around 3,000 contract workers working in various departments of the NMC, including on the Dadasaheb Phalke smarak, fertilizer unit, water supply and other departments. It is mandatory for the NMC to update information about the workers and submit it while renewing the licence.\"The NMC has not renewed its licence for the last eight years. We have already sent a notice to them and asked them to renew the licence immediately,\" said R S Jadhav, DLC.\"Besides, there was also a demand from the NMC employees' association to confirm the services of contract workers in the NMC and not to appoint a labour contractor. But, we don't have the right to take a decision in this connection. The board under the chairmanship of the state labour minister has such rights. So, we have forwarded the proposal to the board and the matter is pending with it,\" Jadhav said.A senior NMC official said, \"We just had a meeting with the DLC regarding the licence. We are updating the figure of contract workers, which we will submit to the DLC office when we renew the licence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12568366", "title": "Shivani Gosain's real story about virtual horror", "text": "Asingle click turned her life into a nightmare. Shivani Gosain, who has acted in teleserials such as Kasautti Zindagi Kay, Kahaani Ghar Ghar Kii, Rang Badalti Odhani and Love U Zindagi, has learned the hard way about the hazards of meeting strangers online.The experience of this Delhi-born, who is currently shooting for Piya Ka Ghar Pyaara Lage, is a lesson on what not to do when you're net surfing. It started with a simple friend request on Facebook from a man she didn't know. Her first instinct was to ignore the request and she clicked on the 'Not Now' option. She rejected his virtual overtures the next seven times. But Shivani caved on the eighth request because this man, who she did not want to name, was persistent. In hindsight, she knows it was not right to ignore her instinct. Almost instantly, the man, who displayed a great facility with language, started sending her long, supportive and gentle messages.He messaged her daily for almost three months. In a few impulsive moments, Shivani, who underwent a divorce about five years ago, let her guard down. Ignoring the fact that it's not hard for a person to present himself very differently in the virtual world than he actually is, she chatted with him. He said he was an out of work investment banker.April 28 happened to be the birthday of a nephew she had lost a few months ago to a bike accident. In a weak moment of vulnerability, she made the mistake of agreeing to meet him over coffee. She says, \"He was good with words. I thought he was a gentleman. He then wooed me with flowers.\"She then made a bigger mistake. She shared the pin number for her Blackberry messenger with him. The third time they met, he proposed marriage. The 36-yearold was surprised. \"But he was so sweet. He threw me a surprise party. My friends met him and said he seemed like a nice man.\" There was pressure from friends and family of the boy probably because he was about 33.Didn't she do a thorough credential check? \"What else could I check? I met his family.\" He introduced her to his mother and sisters, who were Marwaris from Kolkata. \"They were really affectionate with me \" she says. On July 17, 2011, she married him in a ceremony that lasted three days at a bungalow in Goregaon. All her friends and family were present. But from the first day of marriage, it went downhill. Most things he had told her turned out to be untrue. He was financially unstable and soon after the wedding, creditors seeking their money landed up at her doorstep. \"He asked for my jewellery, and I agreed to give it to him. A few days later, he suggested we mortgage my car,\" she said.Also, the 'gentleman' facade didn't last. \"We didn't even think of a honeymoon. He started behaving badly, humiliating and even physically abusing me one moment and begging for forgiveness the next. He wanted to read every message on my phone. He wanted to know who I talked to. He even paid the watchman to keep a tab on my timings. He hit me in front of people. Our fights became infamous in our building. It was embarrassing. He used abusive language all the time. I had married a fraudster and a wifebeater.\" She also found some pictures of him with a woman in bridal wear with his family.After two months of torture, Shivani filed three NCs against her husband. \"I was compelled to file an FIR because when I walked out on him, he started stalking me. He even threatened me.\" She is about to file for divorce and hope she can get past this nightmare.\"Hopefully, he'll soon be my ex-husband. I currently live in a rented house in Goregaon. But I am constantly looking over my shoulder.\" She has a message for all Facebook fiends. \"I wish everyone would understand the 'don'ts' on Facebook and be alert,\" she says.SHIVANI'S RED FLAGSDon't include too many personal details in your profileAvoid accepting a strangers' friend requestsDon't be impressed by a profile or the fact that you have friends in commonFind out a lot offline information about the person you add to your friends list before you meet them personallyDon't share private details of your life with people you've just met virtuallyNever tell a stranger where you live or workDon't get carried away by sweet messages. Words can be misleadingNever give your BBM pin to people you befriend on Facebook", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564419", "title": "Government land allotted to firms lies unutilised", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a gross misuse of prime government property in Rangareddy district, more than half of the over 15,000 acre of land that the district administration allotted to various bodies and institutions over a decade ago for various purposes are still lying unutilised. And the culprits are none other than government bodies and private institutions.In all, the Rangareddy administration had allotted and alienated over 15,800 acre to various government agencies such as the AP Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC), Deccan Infrastructure Limited (DIL), AP Housing Board (APHB) as well as private agencies like the Engineering Staff College of India. Of these, nearly 7,460-acre land has not been utilised by the respective departments and wings.Desperately in need of prime land for various other projects, the district administration has so far taken back 991 acres from various firms and departments while a decision on 1,390 acres is still pending before the Chief Commissioner of Land Administration (CCLA).Official sources say that the APIIC is the biggest offender. It got 9,548 acres allotted in Serilingampally, Ibrahimpatnam, Shamshabad and Qutubullapur mandals where land is very expensive. Of these, 4,424-acre land has not been utilised yet. The APHB, which got 1,893 acres, and DIL, which was given 643 acres for various projects, are yet to give their land utilisation details to the RR collectorate.In order to speed up the process of reclaiming the land, the district administration has directed all the tehsildars to provide detailed information on the land alienated to the various departments and firms in their respective mandals in the last 20 years. The tehsilars have been asked to submit details of establishment of the unit, employment generated, investment made and infrastructure provided by the land allottees.According to an official source, some tehsildars have already sent their report. As per the Serilingampally tehsildar's report, the revenue department has alienated about 70 acres to the Engineering Staff College of India of which 40 acres of land has not been utilised by the college.Similarly, of the 53.25 acres allotted to BR Ambedkar Open University at Jubilee Hills nearly two decades ago, at least 28 acres remain unutilised. In Uppal mandal, the Geological Survey of India has not utilised the 40-acre land given to it years ago.When contacted, Rangareddy district law officer Dara Venugopal said that the district administration is getting reports on land alienation from tehsildars on the directions of the collector. \"Notices are being issued by the tehsildars of the mandals concerned and efforts are being made to make use of the unutilised land,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "12564378", "title": "5 students hurt as auto overturns", "text": "PANCHKULA: Five students of Class XII were seriously injured on Friday, when the autorickshaw they were travelling in turned turtle on Panchkula-Barwala road. The driver of the vehicle sped off, leaving the injured children behind. Some passersby took them to General Hospital in Sector 6, Panchkula.The children are students of a Panchkula-based school. The injured have been identified as Yatin, Komal, Smridhi, Manisha and Vridhi.\"The accident occurred when the auto driver lost balance while avoiding a cyclist who was coming from the opposite side,\" said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563390", "title": "Doctor couple sent back to police custody", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the case of a 13-year-old maid being locked up in a Dwarka house as the family went on a vacation to Bangkok, a city court on Friday remanded Dr Sanjay Verma, his wife, Dr Sumita Verma, and an alleged middleman, Mahadev, to three days in police custody.The police had sought the custody of Dr Sanjay Verma and Mahadev only, on the ground that they wanted to probe the angle of \"human trafficking\" which had brought the girl to the capital. But Metropolitan Magistrate Arul Verma said the custody of Dr Sumita Verma was \"imperative to bust this syndicate of illegal trafficking\". He then rejected the bail plea of Dr Sumita Verma.She had moved a bail application pleading that she was a woman. She also told the court that she had an 11-year-old child to take care of. The court then posed to hers: \"You took your child with you. Why did you not leave your child? Would you have left your child alone?\"Her counsel said the child had been employed only as a domestic help for cleaning and cooking, that she addressed the couple as 'bhaiya and bhabhi' and that the MLC had described the victim's injuries as 'simple'. They attributed the entire episode to \"professional jealousy\". The counsel said they were ready to give the girl a compensation of Rs 75,000 and that she would also be given vocational training.When Delhi Police kept silent on the bail plea, the judge asked the IO to spell out their stand. \"Don't tell me you are not (opposing) as you are for the state,\" he told the IO. The police later opposed bail saying the girl was 13-years-old as against the claim of the accused that the girl was more than 16-years-old.The assistant public prosecutor and NGO Shakti Vahini, which rescued the girl, also opposed bail saying that the girl was made to work in a clinic and was exposed to a lot of human waste, which is hazardous in nature. It challenged the assumption that a small girl in the grip of fear could make a telephone call to the police.The police, which produced the couple after completion of their two-day remand, had sought an extension to \"complete the chain\" through which the girl was brought to Delhi from Jharkhand, her native place. It also produced one Mahadev, who is said to have handed over the girl to the placement agency after getting her from one Narayan Sahu in Jharkhand. They said they wished to locate the owner of the placement agency, Durga, who provided the maid.Dismissing the bail plea, the court said, the FIR showed that the \"accused did subject the victim to a treatment which can be best described as torture\". Her condition must have caused \"unimaginable mental anguish\" it said. \"Using these children for benefit at the cost of their self-development is completely unacceptable and such a practice must be extirpated from the root. Not just the employers but also the 'maid agencies' involved need to be brought to the book,\" it observed.The child had been rescued on March 29 after the area's housemaids complained to cops. Next day the girl was produced before the child welfare committee of the area and the sub-divisional magistrate after which she was sent to a children's home at the Nirmal Chhaya complex. The police finally arrested the couple on April 4 from a mall in Rajouri Garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "12565051", "title": "11 babies die in West Bengal's Malda in 36 hours", "text": "MALDA: After a few days' respite, crib deaths have returned to haunt Malda Medical College and Hospital with 11 cases being reported over the past 36 hours.Of the nine babies who died on Thursday, six were less than 28 days old. While parents complained of negligence, the health department denied the allegation.In January, 121 babies died in the hospital and by the end of the next month the figure rose to 205. The state sent several teams to probe the matter and even a sick newborn care unit (SNCU) was set up.Though the hospital authority refused to divulge details of the deaths over the past 36 hours, most of the babies were reportedly born in the hospital. Five of themhad been admitted in the SNCU. The death run continued on Friday, too, claiming five-month-old Romit Sheikh of Babupur in English Bazaar, He had been admittedwith breathing trouble on Friday morning.\"We brought him to the hospital around 7am. He was given an injection initially but after that, no one attended to him for at least four hours. His condition kept worsening. We appealed to the doctors and nurses to do something but they paid no heed,\" alleged the baby's father Abdul Kalam Azad. The baby died around 11.30 am.Juthika Pramanik of Mojampur under Kaliachak also lost her five-day-old baby who had been admitted to SNCU since birth. Asit Biswas of state health department,however, played the deaths down: \"It is true that nine babies died in Malda district hospital on Thursday. But the number is not alarming because over the last seven days, it has only been 15.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "12564820", "title": "Rath yatra on Hanuman Jayanti", "text": "LUDHIANA: City celebrated Hanuman Jayanti with traditional gaiety with a large number of devotees thronging Hanuman temples across the city to offer prayers on Friday. \"Laddoos\" were offered to Lord Hanuman and later distributed among devotees. On the occasion, many temples had religious discourses on Lord Hanuman, kirtans and special pujas. Hanuman Chalisa recitals and reading of Sundar Kand from the Ram Charit Manas were also organized in temples.On the occasion, a Rath Yatra was taken out from Daresi ground by Shri Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mandir at Shahpur Road at around 2.30pm. The yatra witnessed a huge turnout of devotees dressed in saffron to catch a glimpse of the Lord.Ashok Prashar, president of Sankat Mochan Hanuman Mahotsav Committee, which organized the yatra said, ''The day is celebrated with great fervour and enthusiasm every year and several activities are also planned on this day. No donation was asked or taken from anyone for this yatra and everything was managed by the committee members.''Resident of Jallandhar Bypass, Vishal Shankar, said, ''I am always ready to render my services for spiritual work so this time also I had gone along with the yatra and offered my services.'' Ajay Kumar of Shivpuri said, ''I had distributed sweets to people in the yatra. Doing so gave me immense pleasure and satisfaction.''Resident of Sarabha Nagar, Sarita Thakur, said, ''The day is considered very auspicious in my family. I had gone to the temple in the morning and later joined the yatra.'' An advocate, Raman Kaushal of Kitchlu Nagar, , said, ''It's a big occasion for all the devotees of Lord Hanuman. The day was celebrated with great religious fervour.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565323", "title": "Solve puzzles, stimulate brain", "text": "People should keep themselves engaged in activities which stimulate the brain, like puzzles or crossword. Simple activities like gardening and singing can also keep the brain healthy, doctors say.Nimhans and a few other big hospitals in the city approximately receive 125 cases on various types of dementia every year. On the occasion of World Health Day, 2012, themed on 'Ageing and Health' , brain specialists predict that by 2050, India will have a population of 12.8 million of 65 years and above, which increases the risk of more number of people suffering from various types of dementia.Dr Satish Chandra, director , Nimhans, said: \"There has been a huge rise in dementia cases in the past two decades. When I started practising about 25 years ago, we used to see 1-2 cases every year. Today, we get 10 a month.\"Explaining the reason behind developing a risk of contracting dementia at old age, Dr Satish Chandra said: \"The chances of losing memory, communication skills or not being able to control non-communicable diseases are higher as age advances. These diseases affect functioning of the brain and thereby increase the risk of contracting dementia. When a person is 65 years old, there is 5% chance of him contracting dementia, but for an 80-year-old , it's 30%.''The term, 'dementia' , describes a set of symptoms which include loss of memory , mood changes and problems related to communication and reasoning.Said Dr Ratnavalli E, HoD, neurology, Manipal Hospital: \"This disease can also affect people at a younger age. We have seen patients in their 40s suffering from dementia because they have a family history of the disease.''Said Dr Vikram Kamath, consultant-neurologist , Apollo Hospital: \"Diagnosis of dementia is very important. A physician must first diagnose the symptoms and then draw a line of treatment in consultation with the specialist.\"Story of a 70-yr-oldSadashiv Patil, 70, (name changed) developed symptoms of Alzheimer's about five years ago. Once a friendly person, Sadashiv gradually turned violent and abusive . Although he retired from work 10 years ago, he still used to get ready every morning to go to work. When stopped, he used to abuse his son and daughter-in-law . At one stage, he thought his daughter-in-law was his wife. After he was diagnosed with Alzheimer's , Sadashiv was put on holistic treatment . He was engaged in gardening and writing, his favourite hobbies , and small day-to-day work. Within three months, his behaviour improved. He still gets aggressive occasionally as the disease is not curable, but his behaviour is under control.The SymptomsLoss of memory, particularly forgetting what happened earlier in the day Mood changes or losing temper often Communication problems like finding the right word while talkingTypes of dementiaAlzheimer's :Caused due to chemical changes in the brain leading to death of brain cellsVascular dementia:Occurs when oxygen supply to brain fails and brain cells start dying. Occurs suddenly following stroke , is treatableFronto-temporal dementia:It develops when the front part of the brain is damaged. Can lead to behaviour and personality change", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jind", "code": "12564460", "title": "5-year-old helps cops identify mom, brother's killers", "text": "JIND: Within hours of murder of his mother and elder brother, a five-year-old boy helped the police crack the case by identifying one of the accused from photographs of his birthday party in Julana town of Jind district on Friday.The assailants killed his mother Savita (28) and eight-year-old brother Sumit Kumar at the house but left the five-year-old Nitish unharmed, while decamping with Rs 15 lakh kept in the almirah in the house.Though in a state of shock after seeing his mother and brother brutally killed in front of his eyes, the child put his finger on the photograph of one of the accused who had also attended his birthday party recently and happened to be a relative.Jind DSP Om Singh Balhara told TOI that the child was playing in a room with his brother Sumit when one of the accused attacked her mother inside the kitchen with a knife. The assailant also tried to overpower the kids. \"It seems that while the accused caught hold of Sumit, Nitish managed to slip out of the house,\" he said.The DSP said when the police rushed to the spot, they recovered the bodies of Savita and Sumit in the house. While Savita was lying in a pool of blood in the kitchen, the accused had strangled and bundled the body of Sumit in box of the bed. Nitish was found at a neighbour's house.\"When the police asked the boy about the murderers, he disclosed that one of the accused had attended his birthday party recently. The boy was shown the pictures of the bash downloaded in the laptop of his father and he pointed at a snap of the accused,\" the DSP added.Jind SP Ashok Kumar said that the suspect has been identified as Anil Kumar who is a distant relative of the victim's family. He said that two teams have been dispatched to the killer's hideout to nab him.The police said that the incident took place around 1pm when Savita's husband Pawan, who has been a property dealer, had gone to Jind town. Three glasses of water and a box of sweets were found in the drawing room which indicated that the woman knew them well.The police said that Savita's body had around 15 stab wounds all over her body. The accused reportedly also broke open the almirah and took away Rs 15 lakh kept in the safe inside.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "12574076", "title": "Ceiling plaster falls off, 6 children injured", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Six children were injured on Saturday, when a plaster patch from the ceiling of a classroom collapsed on them in Urdu Middle School.Following the incident, superintendent of education (DSE) Farhana Khatoon suspended the headmaster of the school for neglecting the safety of the children.\"Children, mostly girls, sustained minor injuries on head and body. Four of them were treated in the district hospital and sent back home. Others were provided first-aid at a local dispensary. Instructions to avoid classrooms in poor conditions were issued to the headmaster but he did not abide by them. He was suspended and the president of Gram Shiksha Samiti has been served a show cause notice,\" said the DSE.The incident occurred at around 9am when class IV students were attending lessons, seated on benches on two sides of the room.As the plaster chunk fell between two rows, the students escaped a major accident. Four students, Tarannum Ara, Afsana Khatoon, Muskan Parween were immediately taken to the district hospital. The DSE and Kisko Block Education Extension Officer (BEEO) Baleshwar Harijan visited the hospital and talked to the students to inquire about the incident.Headmaster Mohammed Aslam had no answer to give when asked why he stored grocery in the new classrooms and used old classrooms for lessons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12571287", "title": "Modi\u2019s not to plea for council seat", "text": "PATNA: Given the numerical strength of the 120 extremely backward castes (EBCs) in the state, the Bihar BJP has been trying to bring them as one unified body under the party's umbrella by organizing their separate conferences to articulate their economic and other community interests.As a matter of fact, the political value of their unity came to the fore when their solid support to the NDA during the three assembly elections (twice in 2005 and once in 2010) and 2009 parliamentary elections helped the alliance win a large number of seats.Keeping this in mind and to retain the EBCs' support to the NDA, deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi, while addressing a state-level conference of the delegates of Tanti-Tatwa and Patwa caste groups organized at Abhiyanta Bhawan here on Saturday, said, \"Separately, the number of each of these (EBC) castes is not big, but united they make a solid, unassailable body. Remain united as it will protect your collective interests, and also extend your support to the NDA.\"Incidentally, people of Tanti-Tatwa castes fall in the category of weavers, while the people of Patwa community traditionally make 'maur (headgears used by bridegrooms during marriage)' and other ceremonial items.The conference was held in the run-up to the election for 11 seats of the Bihar legislative council. With the state BJP in a position to easily win four seats, the party has decided to retain its three MLCs, including deputy CM Modi and legislative council chairman Tara Kant Jha, whose terms are expiring. In this backdrop, there is intense lobbying for the fourth seat as Modi is scheduled to leave for Delhi on Monday to get the nod of the party's central election committee for four candidates.It thus came as no surprise when the state BJP Weavers' Morcha chief, Deepak Kumar Tanti, backed by others at the conference, demanded a council seat for the Tanti-Tatwa and Patwa caste groups. But Modi maintained that the \"queue was long\" and not everyone could become an MLA or MLC. He also asked Deepak to work for the uplift of the community and greater political awareness among them. In a lighter vein, he remarked that the BJP was \"not a factory to produce MLAs and MLCs, but a party that creates dedicated workers\".Modi asked them to avail the reservation facility in the elections to the panchayati raj institutions (PRIs) and local bodies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "12569079", "title": "Narayanasamy offer worship at Meenakshi temple", "text": "MADURAI: Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanasamy on Saturday offered prayers at the famous Meenakshi temple.\"I sought the blessings of God Sri Sundareswarar and Goddess Meenakshi for removing hurdles in the safe commissioning of the Koodankulam Nuclear Power Project, he told reporters after visiting the temple.The minister said when he came to the city last time to address the Chamber of Commerce, he had prayed at the temple seeking the blessings of the deity for the smooth commissioning of KNPP and for removing \"the darkness prevailing in Tamil Nadu due to acute power shortage.\"\"Now with the cooperation of Tamil Nadu Chief Minister (Jayalalithaa), the hurdles had been removed\", he said.He also thanked DMK chief M Karunanidhi, various trade bodies and organisations for supporting the KNPP project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564576", "title": "High court stalls college move to sell land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice Samudrala Govindarajulu of the high court on Friday quashed the GO that permitted Devarasetti Adilakshmamma Women's College in Proddutur town of Kadapa district. The college has 18 acres of land and of which the college management wanted to sell away 11 acres for 'developing infrastructure' of the college. The state permitted it and the same was challenged by one G N Sakunthala of Proddutur.Instead of selling land, the college management should have sought donations from rich businessmen, philanthropists and industrialists in the town, the judge said in his order.The proposed sale of land would adversely affect the working of the college, and the permission given by the government for sale was not in accordance with law and in the best interest of the institution, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "12564404", "title": "L&T; stays away from Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited site tour", "text": "HYDERABAD: While Hyderabad Metro Rail Limited (HMRL) claimed on Friday that the project was well on course, representatives of Larsen &amp; Toubro, the project contractor, were conspicuous by their absence when the site inspection was conducted.Sources in L&T; said the company was insisting on addressing critical issues like getting the HC stay vacated on the works in the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills, which is a part of Corridor-III between Nagole and Shilparamam, before claiming that all was well as far as the progress of the project was concerned.HMRL took the media on a tour to Miyapur where it acquired 104 acres of land for the project, recently, after the high court gave its nod to fresh notification for the land acquisition. Legislators Jayaprakash Narayan and Bhikshapathi Yadav, representing Kukatpally and Serilingampally, through which the metro rail passes, accompanied the team.A highly-placed source in the L&T; said the company was not interested in being present at the event as it would convey a wrong message that the project work had begun when, actually, it was not the case. \"Preparatory works are not the actual works and people must not be confused about it. Our participation would have created that confusion and, therefore, we stayed away,\" said the source.The sources in the L&T; said the company was particularly concerned about the court stay on the works on the stretch between Ameerpet and Jubilee Hills as the court had made some serious observations about the modalities of dealing with the project when it gave the stay order last month. The court has said: \"There is a serious lacuna in the very launching of the project, under the AP Tramways Act, although it is almost a full-fledged railway.\"While HMRL is taking time to file an appeal in the court asking for vacation of the stay in the backdrop of the court's scathing remarks, L&T; is understood to have expressed its concerned over the delay. \"HMRL's priority should have been to take efforts to vacate the stay instead of conducting the site visits that would not take us anywhere at this stage,\" said the sources in L&amp;T.;Replying to media query relating to the issue at the site visit, NVS Reddy, managing director of HMRL, said the efforts were on to tackle all the legal issues pending. \"I would not like to talk about the stay order at this juncture as it would be sub judice. But, I am sure that we can convince the court that we are on right track and there is no doubt in our mind that the project will face any hurdles on its way.\"Sources in the HMRL said they were studying the court's order and would take some more time before filing the appeal as it had to be done critically well considering the court's remarks.Apart from the stay order there are many issues to be resolved before handing over the entire Right of Way (ROW) to the L&amp;T.; While HMRL is yet to acquire 15.5 acres of land, earmarked for the project in Osmanaia University, the project evoked violent protests in Sultan Bazar area that comes in the. Besides, HMRL Road widening is yet to be done at various parts along the stretch of the planned alignment of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565364", "title": "Vikhe-Patil denies role in government land allocation", "text": "PUNE: State agriculture minister Radhakrishna Vikhe-Patil on Friday refuted allegations made against him about his role in allotment of government land in Pune for Vikhe-Patil foundation at concessional rates.\"Allegations about my role in the land allotment are being made quoting the Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) report which is yet to come out. I was not the trustee of the foundation when the land was allotted around 22 years ago and even thereafter,\" said Patil while addressing a news conference after attending a function at the Agriculture college in the city.The minister further said, \"The land had been allotted to Vikhe-Patil foundation in 1988, when I was neither an MLA nor an MLC. Hence, there is no possibility of my influence being used. I was surprised to see my name being linked with the issue. In fact, I will be speaking to the trustees of the foundation to communicate with the CAG regarding the issue,\" said Patil.The issue of the CAG report was raised in the state legislative assembly on Wednesday. The opposition demanded that the government table the report in the house immediately. It alleged that the CAG report has indicted state cabinet ministers for their role in allotment of land to foundations.Vikhe-Patil was in the city to attend a state level workshop organized ahead of the Kharif season. He said that the state was facing a water crisis owing to lower water storage in dams, and the distribution of water needed to be closely monitored. There should be accountability while releasing water for agriculture and industry to avoid further mismanagement, he said. The minister said that the government last year had prioritized the use of water in dams. Drinking water has been given top priority followed by agriculture and industry.Patil also said that steps were being taken to curb farmer suicides. \"We are working on a project that can be implemented in the districts with significant number of farmer suicides. Under this, one or two villages in every such district can be developed as a model village with good resources of water and irrigation facilities. People from nearby areas can replicate the efforts in their respective villages,\" said Patil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12569591", "title": "IIT-Delhi bans students from surfing internet post midnight", "text": "IIT-Delhi has recently taken a decision to prohibit its students from using the internet in the hostel premises between 1am and 6am. The institute, during these five hours, disconnects the internet facility available to students in their hostel rooms.The reason, according to Shashi Mathur, dean, students, IIT-D, is to ensure that the academic performance of students does not suffer. He says, The internet connection, which was available to students during the midnight hours earlier, would disrupt their studies. Students would watch videos or be busy on social networking sites; download movies or play games till late in the morning. Hence, waking up late and getting delayed for classes.However, the internet facility will still be available to students 24x7 in libraries, labs and research rooms on campus. Students, who need to use the internet for their studies or project work, etc, can use these facilities. Also, we have not restricted students from using their own wireless internet connections in their rooms during the night, adds Mathur.Students, however, are not convinced. We already have a restriction on the amount of data that we can download using the internet connection in the hostel. With the new restriction, we cant use the internet late at night. There are many students in the hostels who use the internet to study at night.We put forward our point of view to the authorities, but to no avail. Since the institute has not put a restriction on personal internet connections, I have to use one, says a second year student. rooms, its difficult to download e-books, which a lot of students use. The research rooms are located about 1.5 km from our hostels and are generally occupied by seniors, so it is inconvenient.The decision to curb the Ravi Kumar, first-year student of mechanical engineering, says, We understand that the institute has our best interests in mind, but without internet in the usage of internet in hostel rooms after midnight was first taken by IIT-Madras. Students of IIT-Madras are not allowed to use internet in the hostel from 1am to 5am. IIT-Bombay, too, followed suit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12564000", "title": "Will new MMC chief break instability jinx?", "text": "MARGAO: Given that since 1995, there has been only one Margao municipal chairperson - Kamalini Paiginkar - who completed four years and seven months in office and no other councillor has completed two years in the chairperson's seat since then, the question remains whether the next MMC chairperson will be able to break the jinx.MMC chairperson Sushila Nayak submitted her resignation on April 2 and she has time till April 8 to withdraw her resignation. While April 10 is approaching, the date the 11 councillors' no -confidence motion will be moved against the current MMC chairperson and vice chairperson, it is safe to say Margao will soon have its 23rd MMC chairperson soon.Incidentally, from 1995 to April 2012, there have been 13 MMC chairpersons, while from 1970 till 1990 there were nine MMC chairpersons. From 1990-1995, MMC had seven municipal administrators as the practice of having an elected chairperson was stopped during that brief period. While from 1970 to 1990, most of the chairpersons enjoyed a tenure between one and two years, only the first chairperson Vassudev Sarmalkar who was elected on November 4, 1970, remained in office for three years till November 30, 1973. Since Sarmalkar, the other chairpersons were Gajanand Gaundalkar (two terms), Milton Coutinho, Gopal Vaidya, Mathew D'Sa, Valmiki Faleiro, Ajit Hegde and Santosh Raiturkar.From 1995 till April 2012, in chronological order, the MMC chairpersons were Antonio Colaco (one year), Shantaram Kadam (one year and three months), Savio Coutinho (11 months), Monica Dias (five months), Ghanashyam Shirodkar (one year and five months), Kamalini Paiginkar (four years and seven months), Doris Teixeira (four months), Piedade Noronha (four months), Ghanashyam Shirodkar (three months), Rajendra Azgaonkar (seven months), John Fernandes (one year and six months), Savio Coutinho, (one year and 11 months) and Sushila Nayak who completed one year and four months in office.Speaking to TOI, Paiginkar said, \"I was the first and only chairperson to complete four years, seven months in office and this is because when I was in office, BJP was in power and Manohar Parrikar was the chief minister. Also from my experience, I feel that the chairperson requires minimum two years in office to carry out planned development work.\"Another former chairperson, Savio Coutinho, who completed almost three years in office across two terms, said that Margao municipality was far better off than other municipalities who he pointed out did not have chairpersons who could stay in office for more than a year before being voted out.\"In fact it was surprising that the former chief minister and leader of the outgoing group proposed having a chairperson every six months,\" said Coutinho, adding that a chairperson requires sufficient time to carry out planned projects and follow up on projects initiated by the previous chairperson. While members of the 11-councillor group claim that Arthur D'Silva will be elected as the new MMC chairperson, when asked if the new chairperson would be able to survive more than two years in office, they expressed their confidence but stated that \"nothing could be predicted\". They stated that it is more important that the chairperson is free and able to deliver on promises made to the people, than the duration of the tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "12564385", "title": "High court stay on mining leads to sand shortage, hits builders", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Construction works in the coastal districts were hit due to severe shortage of sand. While the high court imposed restrictions on quarrying of sand from the river banks to protect the ecological balance, sand contractors are taking advantage of the situation by jacking up the prices abnormally.The high court directed the state government not to grant any mining or quarrying lease for sand from April 1 while hearing a petition on indiscriminate mining of sand. As a result, a lorry load of sand, which was around Rs 3,500-4,000 till December 2011 is quoted at Rs 12,000, now. \"The sand contractors increased the prices abnormally taking advantage of the shortage,\" builder Y Adinarayana rued. Sources added that big companies, which are involved in massive constructions, have placed heavy orders for sand by offering more prices leaving the commoners to run from pillar to post.According to available information, more than 300 sand reaches in 10 river bank districts were slated to be auctioned after April 1 as the term of most of these reaches were going to expire. Illegal mining of sand is thriving with the blessings of local political gods in the districts through which rivers such as the Krishna, Godavari, Penna, Tungabhadra, Vamsadhara, Gosthani, and Gundlakamma were passing.Giving a go-by to the tender conditions, including the non-deployment of any machinery for sand exploration, the contractors dig out the precious mineral resulting in natural disasters like floods which hit the poor on the banks in many of these districts. According to sources, local legislators are partners in the sand business in several districts while they take huge amounts from the contractors to allow them continue with all sorts of illegal activities.Sand mining is heavy in Srikakulam, East Godavari, West Godavari, Krishna, Guntur, Nellore, Kurnool, Nizamabad, Karimnagar, Mahbubnagar and parts of Nalgonda and Prakasam districts. Krishna and Guntur districts being chief suppliers of sand to Hyderabad, the contractors resort to all kinds of power to grab the contracts. While there are 78 reaches in Krishna district, around three to four reaches were auctioned in the last two years.The contractors deliberately scuttled the auction of the reaches by either filing false cases in the local courts or by spoiling the auction process by filing highest bids and fleeing from the scene. Even before the department takes remedial measures, the contractors ship out the sand and thereby make crores of rupees.Of the total 350-375 reaches in 10 districts, the term of about 300 leases would come to an end by March and the remaining reaches would have different terms as those were finalised only a few months ago. With only these few (around 50-75) to be continued post April, the contractors doubled the prices of sand giving a jolt to the builders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563460", "title": "Court lets off four accused of grabbing property with order to do community service", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men who cheated a woman and occupied her plot of land will now have to pay for the welfare of destitute women and kids at Nirmal Chhaya in the capital.The Delhi high court has asked the accused to pay Rs 50,000 as fine and quashed the FIR lodged against them by the woman. HC also took into account the fact that the woman and the accused had arrived at an amicable settlement outside the court where they gave up any claim on her plot.According to prosecution, the woman Poonam had purchased a 275-acre plot in Mansarovar Park in Shahdara. After buying the land, Poonam constructed a boundary wall to demarcate her property.Last year, Poonam received a call in which the caller said he was a needy neighbour from that area. He sought her permission to place some construction material on her land for just one night. . After she agreed, the accused Anil, Varun, Shiv and Pawan broke the boundary wall and occupied the land. Soon, they built a temporary construction on the land and even forged papers to claim the property.A week later when Poonam came to know that her land had been grabbed, she immediately filed an FIR. She apprised police about the sequence of events and furnished the original property papers. Cops then nabbed the accused and slapped several sections of IPC on them. Once it dawned upon the accused that they faced the prospect of going to jail, they appealed for out of court settlement with the victim. After she agreed, the accused approached HC for quashing the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564913", "title": "High-rise Market", "text": "CHENNAI: The residential apartment market in Chennai has been the most stable among urban centres in the country in the past four years. Residex, the residential price index brought out by the National Housing Bank, shows that except for a slight correction in 2008 on account of the global economic slowdown, apartment prices in Chennai registered a steady growth, quarter after quarter.Among the 15 cities covered in the survey, Chennai witnessed the maximum growth of 196% between December 2007 - when NHB started recording Residex - and December 2011. While prices softened all through 2008, they went up by 48% in 2009, 49% in 2010 and 38% last year.These figures do not reflect Chennai's suburban markets, which are not covered by the study. Pune and Mumbai are the only other markets that remained fairly steady during the same period. Pune is only 84% above the 2007 mark and Mumbai has gone up by only 93%. New Delhi, though not a booming market, has seen some incremental steady growth. Most other cities have had a chequered graph. For instance, Kolkata, Faridabad and Bhopal , despite growing during the turbulent times in 2008, could not maintain the tempo.The worst markets, however, are Jaipur, Hyderabad, Kochi and Bangalore, in that order. They are still below the 2007 base index of 100 points. Jaipur is 36% below, Hyderabad 21%, Kochi 18% lower, and Bangalore has just about recovered to the 2007 mark.A fine balance between the demand and supply apart, Chennai has traditionally been a conservative, end users' market, noted Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India secretary T Chitty Babu. \"Chennai was the first city to recover from the 2008 fall. The city and its suburbs have seen robust growth in automobile, telecom, textile and leather industries, over and above the IT sector. About one lakh jobs have been generated annually in the past two years,\" he said.Moreover, the central business district (CBD) or the core city does not have much space for creating new residential stock. When the middle class and the lower middle class move to the suburbs, the affluent are keen on staying within the city. It pushes the realty prices up, noted Babu.This has had a negative fallout on the suburban market as well. Nanganallur, Adambakkam, Mogappair and other residential hubs on the periphery of the CBD, which were havens for the middle and lower middle class for close to two decades, have become exceedingly costly over the past year. A builder developing a 64-apartment project in Nanganallur is now quoting Rs 8,500 per sq ft. The overall price of the smallest apartment in the project is close to Rs 1.25 crore. This is a place where the price was in the region of Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000 till recently and one could buy a house for less than Rs 30 lakh.Another leading builder is demanding Rs 9,000 per sq ft at Mogappair. A leading banker said, \"I can understand if a builder quotes that price in the CBD. Builders are jacking up prices all over and making cities unaffordable for the masses. Chennai is not an island to remain permanently insulated from the rest of the world. Realty is like the stock market. Nobody will know when it crashes.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12571709", "title": "Judicial inquiry sought into 'army movement' reports", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nutan Thakur, convener National RTI Forum, Lucknow has filed a public interest litigation (PIL) in the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court, seeking directions for the prime minister office to form a high level judicial inquiry commission to probe veracity of the reports published in newspapers regarding movement of two army units towards Delhi. She has also asked for probe into reports that a senior union minister planting this news stories.The PIL has been admitted and will come for hearing on April 10.Thakur in her PIL has said that news presented the army movement as if it was an coup attempt. She said that the High Court may order to keep inquiry report a secret as the matter is related to national security. And, she has said, in case it is found that the news was false, strict legal action should be taken against the newspapers. She has also prayed that the news about senior union minister planting false news to get the army chief removed is another serious matter, which needs a thorough probe and action if found to be true.But in case, the news on minister is found incorrect, legal action should be taken against this newspaper.A national english daily on April 4 had reported that the two units of Indian Army, based in Hisar and Agra respectively, had towards Delhi on January 16 without notifying the government. The army has described it as a routine exercise.The government has also played down the report. However, the report created a flutter across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567759", "title": "Bangalore on the silver screen", "text": "Films with a city-centric theme have piqued the interest of locals and outsiders alike. While Mumbai has generated a large interest among filmmakers, the Garden City, with its rapid transformation from a sleepy city to a hip, urban and cosmopolitan centre, seems to have inspired young and aspiring filmmakers to fill the cinematic screen with the sights and sounds of Bangalore.From Swaroop Kanchi's Bengaloored, a nostalgic representation of the city's changes; to the more recent Software Hardware Kya Yaaron by independent filmmaker Rabi Kisku, which celebrates and yet sprinkles satire on the city's IT crowd; and at last, the numerous movies directed by film students that reflect the various moods of the city. These films have sparked off a new trend that has put the city on the big screen. But the question that looms is what would Bangaloreans like to see about their city.Waseem Khan, photographerAs an old Bangalorean, I'd like to see the nooks and crannies of the city, places like Vidyarthi Bhavan, Lalbagh and Cubbon Park that have a certain charm to them. These sites take you back in time but having said that, we should celebrate the changes Bangalore has seen because we have some malls which are as grand as what the US and Europe have to offer. Bangalore has changed so much, so I'd like to see a bit of the old and the new. The change has happened and there is no going back.Rakesh Chengappa, modelI don't mind seeing anything, but I would want to watch the laid-back people who characterize the city. The city brims with people from so many different cities - it is a bit like Mumbai in its cosmopolitan attitude. Bangalore is characterized by its friendliness. Though the people here make Bangalore a wonderful city, its pollution is eating away at the core of the city's beauty - which is its greenery. Such issues need to be brought to the fore.Prasad Bidappa, style guruI'd like to watch a film in which people find love in the city. Issues that are intrinsically about young people would interest me. Bangalore, according to me, is defined by laughter and joy. A movie that captures the happiness of the city would thrill me. The only thing that upsets me about Bangalore is that it hasn't had any control over its development unlike other cities like Chandigarh which has well-planned roads.Nandini Rao, theatre artistBangalore has multi-tudinal stories to tell; IT is definitely a part of the city, but Bangalore is a melting pot of cultures. Bangaloreans haven't resisted new cultures and languages and it has changed with time. If these stories are explored and if a film can convert a 2D film into a 3D film where a bridge between the old and the new is built, encompassing all the sights and sounds of Bangalore - from the small lanes to the big - that would be the Bangalore that I'd like to see.Rohit Barker, DJI don't mind so much about the city sights, that's up to the director - but I'd like to watch a political satire - a film that would shake up the government. Bangalore has lost its soul - it is slowly losing its charm as far as infrastructure, politics, people and cosmopolitanism is concerned. What I want to see is a film that is about the people who are eating away the soul of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12564819", "title": "No anticipatory bail for Wahab", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A sessions court on Friday refused to grant anticipatory bail to former aide of underworld don Abdul Latif, Abdul Wahab Baloch in firing incident that took place in Juhapura last month.Principal district judge G N Patel rejected a plea by Wahab on the basis of arguments put forth by public prosecutor Praveen Trivedi that the allegations leveled against the offenders were of \"very serious nature\" since automatic fire arms were used in the incident.Before this, Wahab had moved the Gujarat high court to get the FIR quashed against him, but upon hearing that the offenders were booked under the Arms Act, the HC summarily rejected his quashing plea.Wahab was named in the FIR lodged by his former aide Nazir Vora stating that the feud was about a piece of land near Sonal Cinema in Juhapura. The duo had been to jail together earlier. However, Vora had mended his ways and had bid adieu to the crime world. As per his statement, he was involved with small business ventures and land broking.As per the complaint, Wahab threatened him to sell off the land in his possession or be ready for the confrontation. When Vora refused to cooperate, Wahab extracted a pistol and fired a round in air to threaten him.Wahab was acquitted only last year in the Sagir Ahmed murder case. However, the cops sought to implicate him in the 13-year old incident. Before he was implicated in the murder case, Wahab had spent 17 years in the Sabarmati central jail for various offences under TADA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12571583", "title": "FIEO to sign MoU with eBay and Paypal", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to encourage exporters to utilise the online platform to push sales, the Federation of Indian Export Organisations (FIEO) will enter into an agreement with e-commerce websites eBay and Paypal.\"FIEO is entering into a memorandum of understanding with eBay and Paypal on April 12. FIEO envisages the MoU to open up international market, especially for the small and medium enterprises in a big way,\" the apex body of exporters said in a statement here today.Noting that exports through the online channel had grown 400 per cent to $1.4 billion, it said, \"exporters need to increase their sales by adopting channels like e-commerce,which is the order of the day, to reach out to more and more customers globally and supply them goods directly while reducing the product cost at the end users' end.\"FIEO said it expects retail exports to be encouraged in order to compete with countries like China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564656", "title": "Firm staffer, 2 aides held for staged heist", "text": "CHENNAI: A Muthoot Fincorp employee who pretended to be a victim in a staged robbery, in which two men made away with 2.5kg of gold coins worth 60 lakh in Koyambedu on Wednesday night, was arrested by the police on Friday.The police arrested Senthil Kumar, a sales executive of Muthoot Fincorp, and two of his accomplices. Another Muthoot Fincorp employee, Ramanathan, who was with Senthil Kumar when the incident took place was let off after the police found that he had no knowledge of the plot.West zone joint commissioner of police K Shankar said Senthil Kumar planned the fake heist to cover up the fact that he had been stealing gold from his company over several months.\"Senthil Kumar worked for the company in Coimbatore. He had stolen 3kg of gold coins in small amounts over the past six months while making deliveries to the company's offices in other cities,\" an investigating officer said. \"Senthil Kumar was afraid of being caught as Muthoot's annual audit was due, so he staged a robbery.\"Autorickshaw drivers S Appadurai, 40, and S Raj, 39, were also arrested. The police seized the stolen gold and Appadurai's autorickshaw, which was used in the fake robbery.\"When we checked Senthil Kumar's cellphone records, we found that he had made several calls to Appadurai. When we questioned Appadurai, he spilled the beans and then Senthil Kumar also confessed,\" the officer said.The police said Senthil Kumar went to the Choolaimedu office with Ramanathan. Senthil Kumar picked up 4.5kg of gold coins and packed them in three separate bags.Appadurai drove the auto and Raj got in on the way to Koyambedu. Appadurai threw chilli powder in Ramanathan's face while Raj cut Senthil Kumar's hand and pushed the duo out of the auto. They threw one bag of gold on the road, grabbed Senthil Kumar's gold chain and escaped with the rest of gold.The police said Senthil Kumar owns a private finance company in Coimbatore and a hotel in Valasaravakkam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "12565247", "title": "Railways, cops in blame game over death", "text": "MUMBAI: While Central Railway (CR) and the Government Railway Police (GRP) are playing a blame game over the death of assistant post superintendent K Neelkanthan, his family says they will fight for justice.Neelkanthan had been travelling on a local on March 28 when he fell off between Sandhurst Road and Byculla stations and sustained severe injuries. M S Pandian, the station master at Byculla, instructed the GRP, in a memo, that Neelkanthan be taken to St George Hospital at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST), nearly five km away, instead of the nearby Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital in Byculla.His family lodged an FIR of negligence against the station master for causing delay, which led to the death. A case has been registered under section 304 (a) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 175 of the Indian Railway Act for \"willful negligence by sending the accident victim to a far away hospital, instead of taking him to the nearest hospital\".Neelkanthan's sibling, K Venkateshvaran, said, \"The railways cannot pass the buck. We need to know why this has happened and what action is going to be taken against the person responsible.\" A resident of Kalyan, Neelkanthan is survived by his wife, Mahalakshmi, and son, Mahesh (16), who is in Class X. \"Mahesh is so traumatized that he hasn't been speaking to anybody,\" Venkateshvaran said.Mahalakshmi said she was mourning and wouldn't be able to talk about the incident. But she had alleged in her complaint, \"The station master issued a memo for St George, which is 4.5km from the accident spot. His life could have been saved if the railway authorities issued a memo for Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital, which is less than 500 metres from Byculla station.\"She had claimed that the station master had flouted a December 28, 2010, directive by the senior divisional operating manager, CR, that victims can be shifted to the railway administration's Dr Babasaheb Hospital, instead of St George. She pointed that even the Bombay high court had directed the authorities to shift the patient to the nearest hospital and had said, \"My husband would have survived if the authorities provided timely medical attention.\"Venkateshvaran said, \"Had my brother been sent to Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital, his bleeding could have been stopped and probably his life could have been saved.\"Neelkanthan had left his Kalyan residence around 7.45am and reached GPO around 9.30am on March 28. In the afternoon, he left office and boarded a slow local for official work. The incident took place around 12.30pm. \"Neelkanthan sustained severe injuries to his head and back from the fall. The GRP found his railway pass, which had his residential phone number on it, and informed us. I rushed to St George, where he was taken, and saw him fighting for life around 3.30pm. Half an hour later, he died. By the time Mahalakshmi reached the hospital, her husband was no more,\" Venkateshvaran said.\"My brother's case was an emergency and Ambedkar hospital was well-equipped to treat him. On the contrary, St George did not have life-saving devices. My brother suffered a painful death,\" he added.The GRP said a detailed probe will be conducted. \"The station master at every railway station has a list of hospitals. Our personnel are required, by procedure, to collect a memo from the station master and then take the victim only to the hospital mentioned in the document. If we take the victim to any other hospital, he will not be admitted there,\" a top GRP official explained. He added that the family did not have any grouse against the GRP and had lodged a complaint against the station master.V A Malegaonkar, CR chief public relations officer, said, \"The primary role of the station master in such cases is to make an announcement, arrange for an ambulance and issue payment to the GRP. The station master, in his judgement, may have issued a memo to take him to St George as precious time could have been lost in shifting him to Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar Hospital by road.\" He added, \"The station master accompanied GRP personnel to the accident site and rendered first-aid.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565353", "title": "Eight common entrance tests lined up in next 2 months", "text": "PUNE: With the Std XII board exams over, it's time now for the students to gear up for the common entrance tests (CETs) lined up over the next two months, for professional engineering and medical degree courses.At least eight CETs of significance for students in and around Pune are scheduled between April 8 and June 9. The season kicks off with the Indian Institute of Technology - Joint Entrance Exam (IIT-JEE), which is to be held on April 8.The IIT-JEE will be held in two sessions with paper-I commencing from 9 am to 12 noon and paper-II from 2 pm to 5 pm. In Maharashtra, it will be held simultaneously across 11 cities, including Pune.\"I am a bit nervous about Sunday (April 8), but I hope that hard work will pay off,\" said Mitali Vasna, a student from SP college, who will appear for the IIT-JEE. \"Preparations have been fine. I have been working on chemistry for the last couple of days, and have tried to keep my mind free of stress ,\" she said.Aniket Damle from the Delhi Public School said, \"I am anxious, but confident about my preparation. A lot of hard work has gone into it and I hope things will be good for me.\"Another IIT aspirant, Bhavik Rasyara said, \"I have been preparing for the exam for the last couple of years. I am doing the usual last minute revision.\"Following the IIT-JEE, the final paper of the two-stage All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE), which is conducted by the Central Board of Secondary Education, will be held on April 29. The prelims were held on April 1.The Karnataka CET, which is attempted by several students from western Maharashtra, especially from the districts closer to Karnataka, is lined up next for May 3 and will be followed by Association of Management's of Unaided Private Medical and Dental Colleges' (AMUPMDC) 'ASSO CET 2012' in Maharashtra on May 5.The AFMC's entrance test for MBBS course has been scheduled for May 6 and will be followed by the big one - the MHT-CET 2012, which is the state government's combined entrance exam for health sciences, engineering and pharmacy courses. More than three lakh students appear for this test.April 8: IIT-JEE 2012April 29: AIEEE offline examMay 3: Karnataka CETMay 5: ASSO CET 2012 for private unaided health science collegesMay 6: AFMC entrance for MBBS courseMay 10: MHT-CET 2012, state government's combined entrance testMay 13: AIPMT 2012 final paperMay 10 to June 9: Online test window period for BITSAT 2012", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565786", "title": "Eight more test positive for swine flu, two critical", "text": "PUNE: Two persons, including a four-year-old, fell critically ill with H1N1 in Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad on Friday, taking the number of critically ill patients to four in Pune district. Two of them are being treated in Pune and the other two in Pimpri-Chinchwad.Also, eight people - seven from Pune and one from Pimpri-Chinchwad - tested positive for swine flu on the same day.\"A four-year-old has been put on ventilator support at Noble Hospital. The child, a resident of Satavwadi in Hadapsar, developed symptoms from April 1. The parents didn't take the child to the doctors for the first two days. After his condition worsened, he was taken to the hospital on April 3. The child tested positive on Friday,\" said a PMC medical officer.A 29-year-old woman, a resident of Yashwantnagar in Pimpri, was put on ventilator support at D Y Patil Medical College. \"She tested positive for swine flu on Friday,\" said a PCMC medical officer.The number of infected people has gone up to 296 in the PMC limits since March, said a health official of the civic body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12565800", "title": "Sodexo vouchers are back in business", "text": "BANGALORE: Some big retailers have once again begun accepting Sodexo vouchers. But companies don't seem to be as enthusiastic about issuing these vouchers to employees as they once were, partly on account of questions being raised by the income tax department about the usage of these vouchers.FoodWorld, Bharti Retail's Easy Day stores and MK Retail are all back to accommodating Sodexo. In January, all big retailers had collectively stopped accepting the vouchers on the ground that the costs of handling them were high, and that payments from Sodexo were often unduly delayed. Sources said Sodexo had climbed down, and agreed to bear more of the costs. They also said some more retailers could soon return to the Sodexo fold.But some companies that issue these vouchers to employees are doing a rethink on them. NetApp India, which has over 2,000 employees, has stopped the scheme from the financial year, starting April. Instead, the amount of Rs 1,500 per month given as vouchers is being divided into two components: Rs 750 will be paid as taxable salary and another Rs 750 will be paid as an e-card that is usable only in the company's cafeteria, not even in the food courts that are part of the larger campus in which NetApp's Bangalore facility is located.A NetApp spokesperson said employees lost their enthusiasm for the vouchers once big retailers stopped accepting them. But sources in the company said that questions by the income tax department had also played a role in the decision, particularly to restrict the usage of the e-card to the office cafeteria.Amitabh Singh, partner-tax, at Ernst &amp; Young, said there was no change in the tax benefit attached to meal coupons. \"However, in the face of the aggressive stance adopted by the tax authorities, some companies are concerned to what extent they will be able to prove the vouchers are not being misused,\" he said.The coupons were originally meant to be used only in office cafeterias. The government offers tax exemption on them up to the value of about Rs 1,500 per month (calculated as Rs 50 for every working day, the approximate cost of what you may eat while at work). But the use of these coupons got extended later to restaurants and then to grocery purchases.Today, these are even used as auto fare and to buy they are used to buy electronic items. Merchants use them when they have to give small change to customers . In other words, they have almost become alternative currency. And that's something which tax authorities are beginning to frown on.Amitabh Sinha, VP (marketing ) at Sodexo Motivational Solutions, however said that companies hadn't discontinued meal coupons because of notices from the I-T department . The Paris-headquartered Sodexo is one of the world's largest food services and facility management companies . Some say the I-T department routinely raises questions about various perks, and those relating to food vouchers are nothing out of the ordinary.\"Meal coupons were construed as an effective employee retention tool. The biggest upside it has is the tax benefit. If you remove the tax benefit, it doesn't make it attractive for the employee,\" said Priya Chetty-Rajagopal, vice-president, Stanton Chase International.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "12563996", "title": "'MMC vice chairperson to be chosen after April 10 meeting'", "text": "MARGAO: The 11 rebel councillors have decided to take a decision regarding the probable Margao municipal council vice chairperson only after the special council meeting to discuss the 'no-confidence' motion to be held on April 10.The councillors further refuted speculation that incumbent MMC vice chairperson Gonzaco Rebello would be allowed to remain in office for the next six months before some other councillor from the rebel group would take over.The councillors stated that they held no grudge against him and that his decision not to support their group went against him\"There will be no change in the decision we have taken and we are going ahead in favour of the motion,\" said Sadanand Naik. \"Please note, the decision to move the no-confidence motion against the MMC chairperson was an independent decision of the councillors and without any interference from any political party,\" added Arthur D'Silva, who is expected to be the next chairperson. Members of the rebel councillor group were quick to dismiss rumours that Naik would be elected as the next vice chairperson.\"Let a vacancy be created first and only after that we shall have a meeting amongst us to decide who the next vice chairperson will be. But, whoever it is, it will be from our 11-member group only,\" said a member of the opposition group. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "12564562", "title": "Muted Easter festivities likely in Idinthakarai", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Though the Christian community in the southern districts will celebrate Easter in grandeur this Sunday, villagers in Idinthakarai, however, are in no mood to celebrate the festival.Idinthakarai village, which is the epicentre of the protest against the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant ( KKNPP), had earlier skipped Christmas and New Year celebrations and the villagers have vowed not to celebrate Easter in a grand manner either. Villagers said that there will be no grand celebrations this year as people are feeling let down after the state government gave its nod for the commissioning of the plant.\"We will not be celebrating Easter, though the ceremonies like Maundy Thursday, Good Friday will take place in the churches. People in this region start fasting from Wednesday onwards for the Holy Week and the number of people fasting, has gone high as many now believe that God is their last hope in stopping the project,\" Peter Milton of the village said.\"On Wednesday, the 'Way of the Cross' was held around the village and most of the villagers wept, praying with tears. We are seeking divine intervention as the last hope in this regard,\" he added.Raj Leon, another villager said that sentiments are running very high because Holy Week is the observation of the suffering of Jesus Christ and people are identifying their struggle in a similar manner. \"Though the entire village consists of a Catholic population, there are many who had taken church activities lighter before the struggles. But now, we see many of them, who paid no heed to prayer or ceremonies are eagerly participating in the Holy Week. Villagers are praying desperately,\" Leon mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "12564384", "title": "BEd colleges risk de-recognition for poor facilities", "text": "INDORE: For the first time, National Council for Teachers Education (NCTE), Department of Higher Education of Madhya Pradesh and Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) will jointly inspect B Ed colleges across the state. The idea for joint inspection is to identify B Ed colleges lacking in facilities and infrastructure.There are 45 B Ed colleges under the DAVV. Most of these colleges lack qualified teachers. Only a few colleges have teachers and principals appointed under the mandatory Code-28. Apart from this, fewer books in library is another problem the B Ed colleges face.Sources said joint teams of NCTE, DHE and universities would soon inspect teachers' training colleges offering one of the most sought after one-year course. Permission to colleges to continue one-year degree programme would hinge on the outcome of the inspection report, the sources added.In 2008-09, petitions challenging recognition to hundreds of B Ed colleges in the state were moved in Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC). The petitioners had alleged that the NCTE had granted recognition to the colleges without carrying out proper inspections. The court found the allegations true and derecognized several colleges in the state.Due to the legal tangle, the state had to see session 2008-09 as \"zero year\". No admissions in BEd course were given in the year. Ever since, the DHE keeps an eye on infrastructure, facilities and availability of teachers in BEd colleges.Two years back, it had initiated on its own and conducted inspections at BEd colleges in the state despite the fact that NCTE and state universities had already undertaken the exercise before granting recognition and affiliation respectively.The DHE inspections unearthed several colleges and it recommended to the NCTE to derecognize them. But the NCTE which had conducted pre-recognition inspections denied accepting DHE report's over its inspection report.Last year again, the DHE inspected the BEd colleges and on finding colleges in the wrong, appealed to the NCTE again to reconsider recognition but to no avail.\"The DHE inspection reports were a challenge to the credibility of the NCTE so it rejected the reports. However, this year the DHE offered to conduct a joint inspection and the NCTE accepted the proposal,\" an officer with DHE said.\"The DHE has asked Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya to provide names of four teachers for inspection teams. We have given the names to the DHE,\" registrar R D Musalgaonkar said.A professor said colleges found lacking in facilities during inspection may have to lose NCTE recognition, university affiliation and government NOC to run the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564642", "title": "Glass shop worker dies in accident", "text": "CHENNAI: A 22-year-old employee of a wholesale glass showroom in Arumbakkam died on Thursday evening when a glass sheet being taken down from the first floor fell and pierced his stomach.Around 4.15pm, police said, B Parthiban, a native of Dindivanam, was standing on the ground floor of the City Glass and Plywood firm on Thiruveedhi Amman Koil Street and trying to take the six-feet-long sheet from another employee on the first floor when he lost his grip and the sheet fell. It landed on his stomach and the sharp edge pierced through, police said.A group of five employees, who were present there, panicked at the sight of Parthiban writhing in pain and rushed him to a private hospital in MMDA Colony where he died late in the night.Soon, the Arumbakkam police rushed to the private hospital and sent the body to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for post-mortem. Parthiban had been working at the firm for five years, police said.\"He was standing on the ground floor and trying to bring down the glass sheet from a co-worker, who was on the first floor, when he lost balance. We have registered a case under section 304 (A) of IPC (causing death by negligence) and will arrest the firm's in-charge soon,\" Arul Santhoshamuthu, inspector, Arumbakkam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "12563656", "title": "ONGC commits investment worth Rs 1,26,000 crore across India", "text": "VADODARA: Oil and Natural Gas Corporation (ONGC) will undertake big ticket exploration and production plans for which it has committed investment worth Rs 1,26,000 crore in its 12th Five-Year Plan for 2012-17. The company has decided to prepone some of its projects. The investment also includes Rs 26,000 crore in 11 clusters in the country.ONGC chairman and managing director (CMD) Sudhir Vasudeva said on Friday that the company hopes to cross 30 million tonnes of oil production in 2013-14. \"We account for 52 per cent of the country's gas production and by 2016-17, ONGC's production is expected to touch 100 million cubic metres per day,\" Vasudeva told mediapersons.Vasudeva said the dispute in Sudan and Syira has caused shortage of about 0.8 million tonnes of crude oil and gas due to geo-political reasons. ONGC- Gujarat State Petroleum Corporation (GSPC) joint venture ONGC Petro Additions Limited's (OPAL) upcoming mega petrochemical project will witness yet another delay in commissioning. Vasudeva said the proposed project at Dahej will be commissioned in first quarter of 2014. Earlier, it was projected to be commissioned by end of 2013.When asked about the recent Union budget's impact on ONGC, Vasudeva said the increase in cess and excise duty will increase tax liability of the company by Rs 5,000 crore. ONGC that is present in almost all the verticals of hydrocarbon is also aiming to enter into city gas distribution (CGD). It has joined hands with GSPC and BPCL to bid for 65 per cent stake of BG Group in Gujarat Gas Company Limited (GGCL).\"CGD is the only missing link in our value chain. But we want to enter in CGD business that suits our stature. And hence, bid for GGCL makes sense for direct entry instead of bidding for one or two cities,\" Vasudeva said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12563404", "title": "Mother yet to be \u2018traced\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after it was reported, quoting sources, that the Dwarka maid's mother had made a statement to the cops that her daughter was 18 years old, the police seemed to be at a loss about the whereabouts of the mother when asked by the court. Twice metropolitan magistrate Arul Varma asked the IO about the mother but to no avail. Earlier, it had been reported that she had come to the city from Gumla in Jharkhand.A senior official at the CWC said they first got this information when they made the child talk to her relatives in Gumla. \"The child was made to speak to her maternal uncle and her brother. They informed us that the mother had been taken to Delhi by two people,\" said the official. The official also claimed that they had received word from the cops that the mother had contacted them. \"In fact, we are expecting the mother to try getting in touch with us soon,\" added the official.It had earlier been reported in TOI that the girl's mother was approached by two unidentified men at her village in Gumla and asked to accompany them to the capital. In fact, the cops in Gumla say this happened even before the police could contact the mother.In fact, the mother was one of the main factors cited by the judge in denying bail to Dr Sumita Verma on Friday. \"The whereabouts of her mother who purportedly is making claims with respect to the juvenility of the child are still unknown. There is every possibility that if the accused, Sumita Verma, is enlarged on bail, the mother of the child may be influenced and the child may be coerced to retract from her statement,\" said the MM.The police is now investigating the case from the \"trafficking\" angle and her statement should prove crucial in nailing the people involved in the chain of events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564932", "title": "Fresh air, silence drive flat sales on Grand Southern Trunk Road", "text": "CHENNAI: It's back to basics for those looking to buy a house. Middle-class buyers are heading to the suburbs - as far as Urapakkam and Kattankulathur - not just because apartments are affordable but also as they are away from noise and pollution.\"Chennai has become congested and it's not peaceful for retired people like me,\" said Adambakkam resident S N Vijayagopal who has invested in a flat in Urapakkam. \"Prices in Adambakkam have shot up and I can't afford to buy here. So we bought a place in Urapakkam close to the suburban railway line and bus stop,\" he said. \"It's calm, the air is cleaner, and the builder has promised power back-up.\"Developers have been promoting affordable apartment projects on Grand Southern Trunk (GST) Road and Old Mahabalipuram Road (OMR) in the past few years. Most apartments are priced between Rs 20 lakh and Rs 35 lakh. \"As the city and its surroundings are getting crowded and expensive, owning a house here is only a dream for middle-class families. Hence, there is a gradual shift towards GST Road, OMR and Poonamallee,\" said S Ramaswamy, associate director, RECS Group, a real estate consulting firm.Lifestyle changes are also contributing to the shift. \"Buyers are looking for gated communities with facilities such as swimming pools and club houses at an affordable price,\" said Kalpana Murthy, associate director, Cushman and Wakefield .GST Road and OMR are well connected and more social and civic infrastructure is planned. A monorail network is planned from Vandalur to the city, and the mass rapid transit system (MRTS) network expansion is nearing completion. However, housing projects in Sriperumbudur have not caught the fancy of buyers due to inadequate civic and social infrastructure, experts said.People say they are willing to commute an hour or two for the benefits of living in a peaceful environment with good civic infrastructure.\"There are good schools on OMR and more are coming up alongside gated communities on GST Road. This is a good sign for buyers,\" said a Mylapore-based lawyer who is planning to move into a new apartment in Kattankulathur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nellore", "code": "12564136", "title": "Mercedes Benz eyes Andhra University rural market", "text": "NELLORE: In what could be an indication of the growing power of rural India, Mercedes Benz India launched a two-day exhibition of its premium brand cars here on Friday. This is the first time a global car brand has arrived irural AP. \"The exhibition is designed to give the customers a unique opportunity to view, touch and feel the Mercedes Benz line-up of cars first-hand and experience the fascination of the brand,\" said company director (sales &amp; marketing) Debashish Mitra. Some of the exciting range of cars like C63 AMG, the elegantly stylish E-class Cabriolet and the iconic SUV and G55 AMG are on display.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "12563691", "title": "Six additional government advocates appointed", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has appointed six lawyers as additional government advocates to appear and defend the interests of the state government in matters before the high court of Bombay at Goa.Kaif Akberali Noorani, Shashank Subhash Narvekar, Pradosh P Dangui, Pankaj P Pai Vernekar, Dattaprasad Vithal Prabhu Lawande and Prachi P Sawant have been appointed as additional government advocates with immediate effect.In another effort at streamlining the system, the state government formed a committee last year under the chairmanship of the state chief secretary to look into the issue of timely filing of appeals in land acquisition matters, if any, by government advocates.The committee will examine the issue of constituting a centralized nodal office to ensure timely filing of appeals in the high court in order to avoid any consequences adverse to the interest of the state - including burdening the public exchequer.The guidelines may also provide for powers to block the lawyers' professional case, in case of failure on the part of the government advocate and the additional government advocate.In 2010, the state government had constituted the Goa Advocates' Welfare Fund Board with the state's ex-officio advocate general as the committee's chairperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "12574035", "title": "Landmine-proof roads in Saranda on cards", "text": "RANCHI: The Centre is now planning to construct landmine-proof roads on a priority basis in Maoist-hit Saranda forests to minimize the impact of landmines usually laid by rebels to attack security personnel.Under the Saranda Development Plan, the Union ministry of rural development plans to spend Rs 250 crore and bring positive changes in the life of all 6,000 families residing in six panchayat areas of West Singhbhum's Manoharpur block through construction of roads, community development centres and houses.All the roads will be roller-compacted concrete (RCC), a tougher substance than usual tarred roads. In absence of any metal roads in the forests of Saranda, an iron ore-rich area where SAIL has most of its mines, Maoists could easily plant landmines there. However, in the past couple of years, Saranda has not witnessed a single incident of Naxalite violence though development eluded villagers in the sal forest region.\"In all Maoist-hit areas, especially in Jharkhand, Chhattisgarh , Maharashtra and Orissa, the rebels use landmines to target security personnel and their vehicles. In case the landmine weighs more than 20-25 kg, anti-landmine vehicle are also blown into pieces as it happened at Bhandaria in Garhwa district where 13 security men were killed,\" said an official of the Jharkhand Infrastructure Development Corporation.But now the Maoists will find it tough to plant landmines owing to the quality and thickness of the newly constructed roads, West Singhbhum deputy commissioner (DC) K Srinivasan said. \"In case they succeed in planting the landmine, the impact of the blast will be less and the roads will not be damaged,\" said the DC. He further said that the place receives heavy rainfall during monsoon but these high quality roads will last despite adverse conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12567843", "title": "Ram Charan to share screen with Big B", "text": "Re-inventing Bachchan classics has become quite fashionable in Bollywood. Apoorva Lakhia, who directs the remake of Zanjeer starring Ram Charan Tej, has sought the Bachchans' consent before embarking on his ambitious project.Lakhia had even offered the lead to Abhishek. According to a source, Abhishek declined saying he wouldn't want to put himself in direct comparison with his father.Latest news is that, Lakhia has now managed to get Bachchan Sr to do a cameo in his film. \"Right now, it's too early to talk about the extent of Bachchan's participation in Zanjeer. But yes, I can't dream of remaking the film without Mr Bachchan, Jayaji and Abhishek's participation. The project has their blessing and support,\" says Lakhia.Meanwhile, a reliable source revealed that Big B would soon be meeting the leading man of the new Zanjeer , Ram Charan Tej, with the latter having expressed a keen desire to seek the original Vijay's blessings and advice.Lakhia has even written a scene where both shares screen space. That's something to look forward to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "12563315", "title": "45 motorists caught driving drunk in a day", "text": "NASHIK: The city police cracked down on nearly 45 motorists found drinking and driving in the jurisdiction of the Ambad and Nashik Road police stations on Thursday night.Deputy commissioner of police D S Swami said that the action has been initiated taking into account the rising instances of drunk driving in the city and the fact that many youngsters have been found consuming liquor in public places.On Thursday night, 26 youngsters found drinking and driving were also nabbed. Action was taken against the suspects under section 186 of the motor vehicle Act. The action against drunk driving was taken in the jurisdiction of the Nashik Road police station, Upnagar police station and Ambad police station and four breath analyzers were used.Swami said action was taken up against drunk driving to also control other offences made under the influence of alcohol.For over a year now, traffic cops have been collecting fines from erring motorists, but this has not helped improve the traffic condition in the city. Apart from motorists breaking signals, there are frequent instances of rash driving, triple seats on bikes, drunk driving, etc. Due to this, the police commissioner had given directives to the police inspectors of concerned police stations to undertake nakabandis regularly in their jurisdiction so that it acts as a deterrent against possible instances of crime.There were also reports that some senior citizens had brought to the notice of the cops the menace created by drunkards in different pockets of the city, after which the police took necessary action. Meanwhile, the police have also decided to crack down on liquor consumption in open places and food stalls by the roadside.With the help of breath analyzers, suspects are checked for liquor consumption and a medical examination is done before registering a case against them. During the drive taken up in the last three days, the police have also registered cases against persons riding triple seat on motorbikes.Nashikites hope that the drive will not end abruptly and will be continued for some time, as rash and drunk driving during the night is leading to small accidents almost on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "12565244", "title": "Jaipur: Bullion traders call off strike", "text": "JAIPUR: The Rajasthan sarafa traders committee unanimously decided to end the 21-day long strike from Saturday after receiving assurance from the finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to look into their demands.\"We received an assurance from the finance minister that he assured us to look into the matter and take appropriate action. After this all the jewellers decided to call off the strike and we will go back to business from Saturday,\" said Kailash Mittal, honorary secretary, Jaipur sarafa traders committee.Jewellers were protesting since the presentation of the Union budget in which Mukherjee had imposed 1% excise duty on unbranded jewellery, raised import duty on gold to 4% and proposed TDS requirement on sale of jewellery.Earlier in the day, the delegation of traders also called on Congress president Sonia Gandhi to press for their demand to remove excise duty on unbranded jewellery.\"We met Sonia Gandhi and requested her to convince the government to roll back harsh measures proposed in the Union Budget 2012-13,\" said Subhash Gupta, president of Rajasthan traders and committee and a member of the delegation. Traders want complete roll back of all the proposals.\"We are firm on complete roll back of the budget proposals and will wait till the next parliament session begins. If government doesn't fulfill its promises then we will again come out on streets and intensify our protest again,\" added Mittal. The next session of parliament starts from April 24th to May 11th. It is likely that finance minister any announce a complete roll back of the excise duty.The news has brought cheers among the 1.5 lakh goldsmiths of Jaipur for whom the past 21 days were the most dreadful. Engaged in the profession for generations and working mostly on the daily wages, these artisans had never faced such a job less situation ever before. However with the strike called off on Friday, these artisans are looking for better days ahead.All the traders welcomed the decision and urged all the traders to open their shops and showrooms from Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12565538", "title": "CRPF to have world\u2019s first all-women pipe band", "text": "NEW DELHI: After raising an exclusive women's battalion 25 years ago, the CRPF has now set up the world's first all-women 'paramilitary' pipe band.The 22-member band will get its ceremonial colours on April 9 during the 'Valour Day' celebrations of the paramilitary force. The band will be led by a commander, called the 'Major of Pipes', sub-inspector Darshana Kumari. Out of the 22 band players, 12 will play the pipes while five will be on the drums and the rest will play other musical instruments.The women's band will not only play martial and ceremonial tunes at traditional events of the force but would also be sent to boost the morale of troops at their United Nations (UN) mandated duty locations.The band, on its debut, is expected to play the national anthem, the CRPF song 'CRPF sada ajay, Bharat mata ki jai' and 'Kadam kadam badhaye jaa'. The CRPF, like other central forces and state police departments, also has its own male band.The force is also credited with raising the first women's battalion in central police forces way back in 1986. The force presently has three operational women's battalions with headquarters in the national capital, Gandhinagar in Gujarat and Ajmer in Rajasthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "12564700", "title": "Veerappan's wife seeks CBI probe into STF atrocities", "text": "BANGALORE: The wife of slain forest brigand Veerappan, V Muthulakshmi, has sought a detailed CBI probe into alleged atrocities committed on tribals and villagers in MM Hills by personnel of the Special Task Force constituted to nab her husband in the 1990s.Muthulakshmi welcomed the recent Karnataka high court order striking down Shankar M Bidari's appointment as DG&amp;IG.; \"But there is still need for a CBI probe into STF atrocities; he was a commandant of that force,\" she said on Friday.She alleged Bidari and his team had tortured women, who had no connection with Veerappan, including her. \"He administered electric shocks to parts of my body which I cannot even explain. Many women took their lives, orphaning their children,\" she said.Muthulakshmi alleged that the film being made on her husband's life - 'Attahasa' (in Kannada) and 'Vamayudham' (Tamil version) - by filmmaker MR Ramesh, is full of lies. She has approached Madras high court seeking a stay on its making. \"The film infringes on my right to privacy,\" she added.'He was a good man'\"Avar Nallavar (He was a nice man),\" Muthulakshmi said about her husband, brigand Veerappan, eight years after he was killed in police action.\"It is politicians and police who spoiled him. I know those netas but do not want to take their names,\" she told TOI. \"I am not saying he was faultless. He had shot a few elephants for ivory and axed some sandalwood trees. But he also planted sandalwood saplings, saying the forest shouldn't be emptied,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "12565594", "title": "No strategic message in $10m bounty on Saeed: US", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has welcomed Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari's one-off private trip to India this weekend while insisting the $10 million bounty on terrorist provocateur Hafiz Saeed has nothing to do with the politics of the region and was aimed strictly at inviting information to prosecute him.Obama administration officials faced searching questions from the media, both American and subcontinental, about why it chose this point in time, when there was intense political activity and multiple exchanges in the region, to put Saeed on a terrorist bounty list.Has Saeed been indicted in a US court? Why did the administration pick this week to put out the bounty notice, when it had the best chance of screwing up diplomacy? Hasn't it backfired? Isn't Saeed thumbing his nose at the US? State department spokesman Mark Toner, who took the brunt of the questions , maintained that the intent of the bounty notice was to secure information to ensure that Saeed was prosecuted for terrorism crimes.\"We're not playing some sort of strategic game here. We're just trying to prosecute this individual,\" Toner said amid off-the-wall speculation, particularly in Pakistan, that the bounty was meant to ramp up pressure on Islamabad to re-open Nato supply routes and also put Zardari on notice ahead of his India visit.Pakistani hardliners are also blaming the \"Indian lobby\" in US for the bounty on a man whose toxic and hateful speeches propagating terrorism are in public domain.But US officials have discounted India's role in the Hafiz bounty announcement while acknowledging there are close consultations between Washington and New Delhi. Toner said the US view was that Zardari's visit to India would actually be \"very constructive and we're all for it\" . The US certainly didn't want the bounty call to impact on Zardari's visit to India , he added.Asked about Hafiz Saeed thumbing his nose at the US in a public spectacle, Toner said \"everyone and their mother know at this point, he's hiding in plain sight in Pakistan\", and what the US is seeking is not his whereabouts , but information that can be used to prosecute him in a court of law in Pakistan or elsewhere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "12565142", "title": "Second spice park in country in Jodhpur", "text": "JODHPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot and the Union commerce and industry minister Anand Sharma will inaugurate the first Spice Park of the state and second in the country on Saturday here. This park has been constructed at Rampura Bhatiyan village near Mathania in Jodhpur at a cost of Rs. 27.5 crore and will cater to the needs of spice producers and exporters.The Spice Board of India had mulled a project of providing direct benefit to the spice producers of Jodhpur. For the purpose, an area of 60.07 acre land was allocated at Rampura Bhatiyan village in Mathania by the state government. \"This park will extend the facility of the storage of the spices, chilies, onions and garlic among others. Besides, quality check and authentic certification facilities for the export of the spices will be given at the park,\" district collector Siddharth Mahajan said.Gaurav Surana, technical assistant of the Spice Park said the park will provide post-harvest facilities to seed and spice producers along with laboratory facilities to the exporters. \"Besides this, 18 plots have been earmarked for the export units in this park, the basic infrastructure of which has been provided by the Spice Board of India,\" he said. With the park, agri experts feel that those dealing in spices in the region will find a strong support, which will lead to increase in production of spices here.The state will have the rare recognition of having two spice parks with another under progress at Kota. Surana informed that this park at Kota will be functional by next year.Gehlot and Shamra will also lay the foundation stone of the National Institute of Fashion Design (NIFT), which is currently operating from a temporary accommodation provided by the administration. This institute was constructed at a cost of Rs 40 crore in Karwar village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "12564526", "title": "Assistant professor, 2 others commit suicide", "text": "BHOPAL: Three persons, including an assistant professor of a private engineering college, committed suicide in the city on Friday.In the first incident, body of Chandra Mohan Soni, 29, was found hanging in his house at Khajuri road in the afternoon, police said. Soni's brother-in-law, Rajesh rushed him to a hospital where doctors declared him dead. Investigating officials have ruled out recovering any suicide note from the spot. The deceased hailed from Vidisha. He was employed with the Laxmi Narayan College of Technology ( LNCT). Investigations are on.In another incident, Purushottam Meena, 40, a farmer in Parvalia area, committed suicide in fields. The police said deceased was found hanging from a tree in his farm. The deceased left a note in which Meena said good education should be given to his children, the police said. However, what prompted him to take the extreme step is being investigated.In the third incident, Sunil Gaud, 40 committed suicide in Kolar area. Police said the deceased owned a welding shop. The deceased helper spotted the body hanging in the morning. The police said a suicide note was recovered from the spot wherein the deceased stated that the police should not \"bother\" anybody for his suicide. The deceased was alone in the house at the time of incident, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "12574054", "title": "Scheme in all districts: CM", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The state's first centralized midday meal (MDM) kitchen for the government schools was inaugurated at Ramdas Bhata, Bistupur, on Saturday.Chief minister Arjun Munda , who inaugurated the kitchen built on the public-private-partnership (PPP) model, said his government aims to open such modular kitchens in every part of the state.Munda said: \"Education is the most effective tool that makes human beings cultured and informed, and it is our duty to ensure children pursue their education not bothering about nutrition, and this centralized kitchen concept will help in ensuring that.\" Suggesting PPP model is the best to run the MDM scheme, Munda said: \"I am looking forward to corporate participation in running centralized kitchen at a large scale in all the districts of the state,\"\"Jharkhand being a mineral-rich state, caters to the commercial requirements of several companies across the country, playing a role in the nation's growth, but one should also be careful in ensuring the children of the mineral rich state receive nutritious food,\" he added.Earlier, Tata Steel MD H M Nerurkar quoted Nelson Mandela to underline the importance of education in human's life. \"Education is the most powerful tool to change the world and we should play a constructive role in ensuring smooth education to our children,\" said Nerurkar.At the onset of the inauguration, district superintendent of education (DSE) of East Singhbhum and Seraikel-Kharswan Sushil Kumar and Basant Kumar respectively, on part of the government, and IFRF representative Sanjay Tikku, signed the Memorandum of Understanding to run the kitchen smoothly.\"We look forward to introducing this concept in the urban areas (schools) in the coming days,\" said education director D K Saxena. The initial project cost of the centralized kitchen is Rs 4 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564749", "title": "Activists take on \u2018flimsy\u2019 ATM bills", "text": "CHENNAI: The growing frequency of ATM payments poses new problems with many consumers discovering that the text from these bills tends to fade quickly. A consumer looking to take action on a defective product, has to depend on the bill as the first piece of evidence, but often finds a blank slip of paper instead.\"My son bought a mobile for 15,000 from a showroom in Avadi recently. A month later, he discovered the speakers were not working. We decided to approach the showroom to lodge a complaint but when he retrieved the bill, there was nothing on it. The text had faded,\" said consumer activist and Tamil Nadu Progressive Consumer Centre (TPCC) coordinator T Sadagopan.Pointing out that bus tickets and ATM receipts are also printed on similar paper, he said the TPCC had got more than 10 such complaints in the last six months.The bills are printed on thermal paper rolls coated on one side with a chemical that reacts to heat by darkening. A hot stylus in the printer runs over the surface of the paper to write data. Since the printers do not need ink cartridges and contain fewer moving parts, the devices are faster and not as noisy as ink printers. However, thermal paper is sensitive to ultraviolet light and images fade if exposed to office light for an extended period of time or to intense UV light for short periods.TPCC representatives have written to the Union ministry of consumer affairs, food and public distribution, to bring in a suitable amendment either to the Consumer Protection Act, 1986 or the Rules to ban wax-coated receipts in commercial establishments and mandate the issue of permanent (non-fading) bills instead.Until then, activists suggest, consumers could tag photo copies of the bill with the original. \"If consumers apprehend that a product could malfunction, they could note down details of the bill such as the bill number and details of the product. They should mention that the bills could fade as they were printed on thermal paper. A written document will stand up in court if a consumer wants to pursue legal action,\" said consumers association of India trustee R Desikan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "12573995", "title": "Experts discuss healthcare issues of elderly", "text": "VARANASI: Various issues pertaining to healthcare of the elderly were discussed at a daylong seminar jointly organised by the department of community medicine, Banaras Hindu University , in association with WHO (regional office) to mark the World Health Day at KN Udupa Auditorium on varsity campus on Saturday. Delivering keynote address on the occasion, Dr Kiran Sharma, SEARO (South East Asian Region Officer), WHO, highlighted the demographic transition and theme of World Health Day on the occasion.She also attracted the attention on coping with the challenge of providing better healthcare facilities to the elderly in south-east Asian region. Speaking on health problems of the elderly, C P Mishra, head, department of community medicine, BHU, also highlighted the national programme for healthcare of elderly (NPHCE) launched in 100 districts of the country to provide an easy access to preventive, curative and rehabilitative services to the elderly.I S Gambhir, head, medicine department, BHU, talked about various chronic ailments including diabetes , hypertension and cancer that afflict elderly patients. Professor A K Joshi, department of sociology, BHU, explained various schemes for welfare of elderly on the occasion.Workshop: To spread awareness about HIV/AIDS among rickshaw pullers, a workshop was organised by Dove Foundation, a youth-led NGO, to mark the World Health Day in the city on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "12564639", "title": "Helter swelter: Sun sets mercury on fire", "text": "CHENNAI: After a week of slightly cooler weather, the temperature in the city has once again hit the 35 degrees Celsius mark over the last two days. On Thursday, the maximum temperature was 35.4 degrees and on Friday it was 35.2 degrees, a two-degree increase over last week. The weatherman says things can only get worse.The difference is evident. \"The sun literally saps you of all the energy and even half an hour out on the roads can be tiring,\" said K Palani, a commuter.Since March 22, the maximum temperature hovered around 33 degrees Celsius while the minimum temperature reached 22.4 degrees Celsius.The minimum temperature has now risen. Two Sundays ago, the minimum temperature was 22.4 degrees. On Friday, it was 27.2 degrees Celsius. Met department officials say the fluctuation in temperature is dependent on the cloud cover, the strength of the sea breeze and the time it sets in. \"Last week, there wasn't much cloud cover,\" said an official.Now, the sea breeze has weakened and its onset is delayed. \"The westerlies have become stronger and all along the coast, temperatures are at least two degrees higher than normal,\" said regional meteorological department deputy director general YEA Raj.Officials predict harsher temperatures. \"From March 23, there has been a constant increase in the incoming radiation and the days have become longer. This will continue till the monsoon sets in June,\" said Raj. \"The last week of May will be the hottest,\" he said.With power consumption expected go up, the increase in tariffs means higher bills. \"Last summer our electricity bill was close to Rs 3,000. I wonder how much it will be this time,\" said R Ezhilarasi, a home maker.City residents are trying all methods to beat the heat, including jumping into pools, gorging on watermelons. Sources in the Koyambedu wholesale fruit and vegetable market say the city consumes around 2.65 lakh kg of watermelons a day. \"About 15 truckloads of watermelons come to the Koyambedu market everyday,\" said V R Soundarajan of Koyambedu market association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "None", "code": "12565572", "title": "Victim was to marry on May 3", "text": "BPO employee Harish Pillai (31), who was killed in Friday's accident involving a BEST double-decker bus, was to get married on May 3.Pillai's maternal uncle K K Nambiar said he was the elder son and his parents were looking forward to his wedding with his \"long-time sweetheart\".The victim's father, Ravindran, who arrived to claim his body, broke down at the hospital. Pillai's mother, on the other hand, was yet to be informed about his death.Nambiar said Pillai worked in Andheri and might have gone to the Bandra-Kurla Complex to collect his wedding cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "12564105", "title": "BJP honours founders on party anniversary", "text": "PATNA: On the occasion of the celebration of the BJP's 32nd foundation day here and at 37 other district headquarters, leaders of the state unit of the party recalled the unflinching dedication of the Bharatiya Jan Sangh (BJS) leaders and workers of the yesteryears which, in fact, laid the solid foundation that saw the successful emergence of its new avatar , the BJP, both in the country and the state.While the BJP's first president Atal Bihari Vajpayee in 1980 became the country's Prime Minister heading the NDA government at the Centre thrice in the later decades, the BJS first entered the Samyukta Vidhayak Dal (SVD) government in the state in 1967, and now the BJP has been in power with the alliance partner JD(U) in the state since November 2005 for two terms in continuation.The Patna Mahanagar unit of the BJP organized the state-level function to celebrate the party's foundation day at Vidhayak Club hall here with traditional grace and charm. On the occasion, the state BJP leadership also honoured noted BJS leaders, said party state spokesman Sudhir Sharma.Speaking on the occasion, BJP chief national spokesman and Rajya Sabha member Ravishankar Prasad said he felt doubly proud in honouring the select BJS leaders, because he himself has been a member of the Patna Mahanagar unit of the party right from the BJS days.Party state chief Dr C P Thakur said the party has start ed a new tradition of honouring the BJS leaders, which would further enthuse the party's rank and file, said party state media in-charge Ashok Bhatt.Among those who also addressed the Vidhayak Club hall function included party Bankipore MLA Nitin Navin and Hajipur MLA Nityanand Rai. Similar functions were held at other district headquarters, too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "12572977", "title": "No central minister had role in reports of troop movement:Congress", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Saturday dismissed reports suggesting that a central minister allegedly had a hand in media reports about \"unusual\" movement of two elite units of the Army towards the national capital.\"Until and unless something concrete is said, it is not proper to react. We are sure no Union minister is involved\", party spokesman Rashid Alvi told reporters.Army chief Gen V K Singh had said in an interview that there were so many theories doing the rounds as regards who is behind the reports. \"There was a newspaper story which said it was being done at the behest of a central minister. Sections of the bureaucracy can be feeding wrong inputs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12564065", "title": "Mayawati minister Siddiqui was on rolls of home guards", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior minister in the Mayawati Government in UP. The BSP'S Muslim face. A subedar in the Indian Army. A contractor with Pubic Works Department and Indian Railways, Naseemuddin Siddiqui had one more Avataar that not people were aware of. He has been an assistant company commander of the UP Home Guards department till a couple of months ago. The startling revelation came when minister for Home Guards Bhrammha Shanker Tripathi on Friday ordered a probe into allegations that Naseemuddin Siddiqui - the Man Friday of Bahuijan Samaj Party (BSP) supremo Mayawati and the most decorated minister in her caninet - has blocked a post of Assistant Company Commander (ACC) in the state HG department since past 28 years.As per the HG records, Naseemuddin was appointed as the ACC of the HG in Banda sometime in 1984. For the last more than a decade there has been no word from Naseemuddin in terms of his attendance or status as ACC. As a result the HG department remained short of a ACC all this while. Though the post of ACC is an honorary one, a fixed stipend of Rs 350 per month is paid to the individual. There were no records available to confirm if Naseemuddin has availed the stipend and if yes , then up to which date.\"Going through the file we found a letter dated February 13, 2012 stating that he had resigned from the post. But the letter has no entry in the official records,\" the minister said adding that the he has ordered the probe to be completed within the next 3 months and a detailed report tabled before him for further action. On the face of it, the incident may not appear to a major one in financial terms, but it does reflect the manner in which the former minister handled the responsibilities vested in him as an ACC, a senior HG department officer said.It is noteworthy that the Lok Ayukt too had indicted Naseemuddin Siddiqui in a case related to disproportionate assets and owning huge properties through alleged illegal means. The Lok Ayukta had recommended investigations into the assets and alleged irregularities committed by Naseemuddin by the Central Bureau of Investigations. The Lok Ayukta had also recommended a probe by the Enforcement Directorate (ED) into the alleged assets and investments of Siddiqui beyond India.Interestingly, though not much is there in public domain about the life of Naseemuddin Siddiqui before his entry into politics, words in the political circles suggest that he has been playing a series of Avataar ever since he was a youth. His entry into Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP)is believed to have taken place in 1984. He was just another supporter of Kansi Ram who was, at that time, laying the ground for the formation of the Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP). Kansi Ram was addressing a gathering in a tiny hamlet of Western UP when a group of local upper caste musclemen allegedly attacked him. A tall and then presumably agile Naseemuddin faced the attackers single handedly and managed a safe passage for Kansi Ram from the scene. In turn, he won the confidence of Kansi Ram and then there was no stopping for him.Presently, the national General-Secretary of the party and president of BSP's youth wing, Naseemuddin Siddiqui originally belongs to Syora village of Narayani tehsil of Banda district. His father Qamruddin was a small farmer. Naseemuddin excelled in sports playing Volleyball. Professionally he took off as a small time railway contractor and then for the Public Works Department (PWD) from where, unconfirmed reports say, he was blacklisted.His first political strike dates back to 1988 when he fought the elections for the post of Chairman of Banda Municipal Corporation as an independent and lost. Later that year, Naseemuddin joined BSP and has remained loyal to the party and its leader in thick and thin. Twice he contested elections as BSP candidates for UP assembly; winning in 1991 but losing to his BJP rival in 1993 with less than a thousand votes.Since 1995 he got close to Mayawati and the bonding continued when she became the first time UP chief minister. Delegated with more than a dozen government departments during the recently concluded BSP regime in Uttar Pradesh, he completed his fourth stint in the Mayawati cabinet, the first one starting from March 1997 to September 1997. He figured in the Mayawati cabinet for the second time September 1997 to October 1999 and the third time from May 2002 to August 2003.As Environment minister, he was involved in the Taj Heritage Corridor project approval. As a result, along with Mayawati he was accused in the Taj Heritage Corridor corruption scandal. He has been involved in another corruption case known as Unnao land scam, and in fact was in prison for several months under that case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "12565894", "title": "Youth killed, fifth victim of Dhankawadi gang war", "text": "PUNE: The gang war that started during the Navratra celebrations last year at Dhankawadi resulted in one more murder when a 19-year-old youth was killed with sharp weapons at Sambhajinagar in the area by members of a rival gang late on Thursday night.The police said the youth, Rafiq Babulal Shaikh, of Kashinath Patilnagar, was the brother of Ashfaq alias Gabya Shaikh, a key suspect in the murder of Dnyaneshwar Jadhav, who was assaulted to death at Ambegaon on January 11. He was also a complainant in the murder of Baiju alias Pramod Navghane (26), who was done to death on October 21 last year at Dhankawadi.The police have attributed past disputes between the two groups as the reason behind the murder. Shaikh is the fifth person to be murdered since Navghane was killed.Panic gripped the Dhankawadi area following the murder. A large number of police were deployed to avert any untoward incident.Senior inspector Kamlakar Takawale of the Sahakarnagar police station said the incident took place around 10.30 pm near a garbage bin at Sambhajinagar. \"The victim, Shaikh, had come to dump waste collected from a fruit juice stall run by his younger brother, Rasool,\" he said.Takawale said that when Shaikh stopped his two-wheeler near the bin, a gang of around six men attacked him with sharp weapons. \"Shaikh received severe blows on the head and back,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "12565015", "title": "Woman jumps to death from Nehru bridge", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A woman ended her life by jumping off Nehru Bridge late on Thursday night. Her body was fished out of Sabarmati river on Friday morning. Police identified the deceased as Zeel Chavda, 21, a resident of Shahibaug.Police which are yet to probe the reasons behind the crime said that Chavda arrived on her two-wheeler at the bridge around 9.30 pm on Thursday and took the plunge. Her parents were contacted on the basis of RTO registration number of the vehicle.\"Chavda was a student of third year BCom in Gujarat College. She was to appear for her ATKT exams. After appearing in one of the papers on Thursday, she had come back home and was quite normal as per her mother's statement. She also played with her younger brother. When she was called up for dinner, she told that she would fetch her contact lenses. She never returned,\" said a Navrangpura police official.\"The victim is daughter of Pravin Chavda, school administrator of Mahavir School. Her parents insisted that she was not bogged down by studies or any personal reasons. She used to tell everything to her mother. Thus, the family is in a great shock that she took such a step without giving any hint. We have not found any suicide note yet,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "12565789", "title": "Banda rape victim tries to end life", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sheelu, who was allegedly raped by BSP MLA Purushottam Naresh Dwivedi more than a year ago, tried to commit suicide by consuming a dye on Friday. Family dispute was reported to be the reason for her taking the extreme step.The 18-year-old was taken to Banda district hospital where her state was reported to be critical. Locals in Banda said that Sheelu had a tiff with her father, Acche Lal, a month ago. She in fact left the house in village Shahbaazpur in Naraini block and moved to main Banda city where she was living in a rented room along with her younger brother.Police who used to keep a constant vigil on her too moved to Banda city. On Friday, she once again entered into a heated argument with her father and brother. Thereafter she consumed the dye. Sheelu was rushed to the Banda district hospital soon. Later, officials from the Banda administration too reached the hospital to take stock of the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "12563288", "title": "Lack of school facilities puts students in jeopardy", "text": "YAVATMAL: The Kendriya Vidyalaya (KV) of Yavatmal bears the marks of indifferent attitude of the principals of the school in form of over 500 students deprived of basic educational facilities. Sitting Lok Sabha member Bhavan Gawali held a meeting with the ministers and revenue officials at the mantralaya on Wednesday and briefed them of the students' hardship.The sad state of the school, run by the central government, came to fore when a group of parents approached Gawali and narrated their woes over the children's academics. Gawali assured them that she would take up the issue with the concerned department of the state. Talking to TOI from Mumbai, Gawali informed the minister and secretary has assured her to look into the matter.According to sources, KV was launched in Yavatmal in 2007. The school is controlled by a district level committee headed by the district collector. However, despite its existence since five years, the school does not have its own premises. The school is housed at present in a dilapidated building which is shared by the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan Centre on the Yavatmal - Godhani Road.As per laws, a school must have its own premises within two years from its inception. But due to the indifferent attitude of the principals of the school, it could not have its own premises. The school has over 500 students studying in Std I to X, who were selected after a centralized entrance exam. But, there is no proper boarding facility, play ground, library or laboratory for the students.The students are being taught as per CBSE syllabus. The students of the Class X will have to appear for board exams for which they need adequate practical facilities for science subjects. Since the school does not have a laboratory, the students are deprived of regular practical, sources said.One of the parents' representatives Pravin Pande alleged that the proposal for getting suitable premises owned by revenue department was submitted to the mantralaya through the district collector three years ago. \"However, the file was returned on some lame excuses. Once the file was found missing from the mantralaya itself and we were asked to resubmitting a fresh proposal. That is now complied with,\" he added.\"We hope to have the premises in the near future and thereafter it would take 2-3 years to construct the infrastructure,\" Gawali said, adding that she would try to get the sanction of necessary fund from the central government.However, a question that remains is as to who will compensate the academic losses caused to the young students in the absence of proper learning atmosphere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "12564031", "title": "One held for illegal fuel trafficking", "text": "PONDA: As the Goa government has reduced the price of petrol, attempts are on the rise to traffic the precious fuel to other states bordering Goa.Collem police foiled one such attempt on Friday afternoon. A Karnataka-registered national permit truck was found illegally transporting three cans of petrol to Karnataka via Mollem check post.Collem police personnel manning the check post found the cans while checking the truck passing through on Friday afternoon.Police have arrested driver-cum-owner of the truck Deepak Rama Naik, 35, of Ramnagar-Karnataka and have seized the truck used for trafficking the petrol.The three cans containing 65 litres of petrol were hidden in the case of the truck, Collem police said.Ponda sub divisional police officer (SDPO) DySP Dinraj Govekar said the Collem police have registered an offence against the accused under Section 285 (Negligent conduct with respect to fire or combustible matter) of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 3 (No one shall import, transport or store any petroleum product) of the Petroleum Act. The offence is bailable, Govekar said.Collem police sub inspector Sudesh Velip is investigating the case under the guidance of Govekar and Collem police inspector Suresh Gaonkar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-04-07"}
