{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13115362", "title": "\u2018We want our rabbits to stay\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: There was largely only one reason kids frequented the Nehru Rose Garden to watch the rabbits display some antics. But, with the municipal corporation refusing to care for the animals, the garden's star attraction will be moved out soon from there, leaving children disappointed.The civic authorities had claimed that they are unable to provide the necessary arrangements for the rabbits and approached Chattbir Zoo to take away the animals. However, the zoo authorities refused saying they cannot care for small animals.Finally, MC contacted People For Animals (PFA), which agreed to keep the rabbits in their hospital on Rahon Road. Sources said while PFA has consented to keep the animals, they are waiting for a formal application. The rabbits are likely to stay in the garden only a day or two more.Disappointed that her kids would no longer be able to visit the rabbits, homemaker Raj Verma, who stays in Haibowal, said, ''There is hardly anything worth seeing in the rose garden but all kids loved watching the rabbits. Now, even they would be taken away. It will be a heartbreak for the little ones.\"''I go to Rose Garden with friends just to see these rabbits, but I have heard these rabbits will be shifted from here to some other place,\" said Bhavya Gupta, a Class II student from Tagore Nagar. ''We want the rabbits to stay because we like them,\" he added.The civic officials have decided to hand over the rabbits at Nehru Rose Garden to People For Animals (PFA) hospital on Rahon Road after checking the premises. Joint commissioner A S Sekhon confirmed the move and said, ''We have talked to PFA and they have shown a positive response. People have been asking us to keep these animals in the garden, but they are not willing to care for the animals themselves. We can take responsibility only when there is a zoo-like environment here.\"Rose Garden has only about 20 rabbits left along with a few ducks in the pond. MC authorities had repaired the cage meant for these animals in the garden but, the problem of stray dogs still persists, and this is the reason behind moving the rabbits out of the garden. In a recent incident, morning joggers had noticed dead rabbits in the cage on April 27 and claimed the bunnies had been attacked by dogs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116293", "title": "BJP demands more central varsities in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur on Saturday pitched strongly for special category status (SCS) to Bihar and at least four Central universities in the state maintaining that a special responsibility devolves on Congress-led UPA to clear all hurdles on this score.Earlier, freight equalization policy was skewed against the interests of united Bihar, and later, after the separation of Jharkhand from Bihar, the RJD and the Congress together ruled Bihar during Lalu-Rabri rule, Dr Thakur said, adding: \"The Congress either supported the RJD rule, or it was part of the government. Therefore, the onus for the backwardness of Bihar should also fall on the Congress.\"According to him, Bihar had second largest population after (UP. While UP has six Central universities, Bihar has only one whose location was mired in controversy, Dr Thakur said. \"In any case, if UP has six Central universities, Bihar deserves to have three more,\" he added.However, the BJP has made a strong demand for SCS to Bihar, and accordingly, the party's state unit has decided to start a \"1974-type\" agitation to press for the SCS to the state. \"We will start making preparations in this regard after the budget session of Parliament concludes,\" Dr Thakur said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "13113920", "title": "India, Pakistan pad up to put cricket ties back on track", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: India on Saturday took a small but significant step towards reviving cricketing ties with Pakistan. The Board of Control for Cricket in India announced that it would recommend Sialkot Stallions, the Pakistan T20 champions, be invited for the Champions League T20 to be held in September-October.The cricketing thaw comes weeks after the sub-continental rivals opened cross-border trade and days after New Delhi and Islamabad made a commitment to unshackle the visa regime. This is the first time a team from Pakistan will be playing in any tournament in India, barring the 2011 ODI World Cup, following a freeze in bilateral cricketing encounters after the 26/11 attacks in November 2008.Barring Azhar Mahmood, playing under a British passport for Team Punjab this season, no Pakistani has played in the IPL since. A top government source, though, told TOI that the decision to resume ties was not a political one, just a \"long overdue\" sporting gesture. The last India-Pak series was in November-December 2007.Effectively, the BCCI is testing the waters with the Stallions' presence in CL T20. \"The long-term future of bilateral cricketing relations between India and Pakistan hinge on conditions being favourable,\" the source said. The decision to invite the club was taken at the BCCI's working committee meeting in Chennai.\"The Pakistan Cricket Board (PCB) was asking us (to resume ties) for the last three years...we did not consider them,\" said BCCI vice-president and IPL commissioner Rajeev Shukla. \"But now we felt it was a good time to invite them, and have acceded to the PCB's request.\"A team from Pakistan playing in India would be subject to clearance from the Centre, and a board official has reportedly said the Champions League T20 council would \"do the needful\".BCCI president N Srinivasan said, \"This decision essentially pertains to the CL T20. Beyond that, we are not going to comment at the moment. CL T20 is owned by the BCCI, Cricket Australia and Cricket South Africa. So, we will tell the governing council that the BCCI has no objection and is prepared to invite a Pakistani team.\" He added, \"As far as inviting a Pakistani team is concerned, it will be done by the governing council. The BCCI will make the recommendation. There was a discussion on the composition of the tournament this year, the number of teams and who will be invited. A feeling was expressed that a team from Pakistan could be invited.\"The move is also expected to boost the ratings of the flagging CL T20, a Lalit Modi-brainchild meant to work as an adjunct to the IPL. Last year, the title sponsors wriggled out of their commitments.The Stallions are led by tennis star Sania Mirza's husband Shoaib Malik. The move to invite a Pakistani team comes a month after Pakistan president Asif Ali Zardari urged PM Manmohan Singh to consider resumption of cricketing ties.A stop-start affair* After 2008, India and Pakistan have faced each other only in ICC events: World T20 Championships, Asia Cup and ODI World Cup* India was scheduled to visit Pakistan for a series in early 2009, but 26/11 attacks ended all bilateral ties* The last bilateral series was held in India in November-December 2007* Wars between 1965 and 1971 had halted cricketing activities between the countries for more than 15 years. Cricketing ties resumed in 1978 for a brief period. India's tour of Pakistan was cancelled in 1984 after the assassination of Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.* After February 1999, India resumed cricketing ties only in 2003-04 because of the Kargil war", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13117889", "title": "Need to carry momentum into coming games: Hussey", "text": "CHENNAI: They might be inside the top-four in the points table right now after two consecutive wins but Chennai Super Kings batsman Michael Hussey says getting to the IPL playoffs remains a tough task and his side would have to be consistent in the remaining matches to make the cut.Chennai beat table-toppers Delhi Daredevils by nine wickets on Saturday. Hussey said the victory lifted the spirits in the dressing room.\"The mood was very good in the dressing room tonight. We won a good match particularly on the efforts of our fast bowlers, who made a huge difference. The feeling is good and we need to take the momentum in winning every game. It is tough but we will be putting in our best in the next two matches,\" Hussey said.\"We cannot be thinking about the final as yet. We have two more matches to go in the league phase and need to win them. But, having experience in playing these types of matches and winning under pressure, we have good experience in the big matches as well,\" he added.Ben Hilfenhaus, who played in place of in-form South African Faf Du Plessis, did a commendable job as his 3/27 in four overs was crucial in restricting Delhi to 114.Hussey said Hilfenhaus' man-of-the-match winning performance has created a problem of plenty for Chennai.\"I do not know what the selectors are going to decide. Du Plessis has been doing well this season but he has been down, so sat out in the last two games. He might come back as well but certainly Ben Hilfenhaus addition is a big plus.\"\"He has been able to get those early wickets and he has given fantastic starts putting the opposition under pressure. Certainly, he is a plus for the team,\" Hussey said.\"Actually, Ben's action is different to that of Doug (Bollinger). But, Ben is very good at swinging the brand new ball. It is an asset, though his action is a little different to both Albie (Morkel) and Doug.\"Hussey said CSK would also draw confidence from the fact that it has done well in tight games.\"We have done well in crunch situations in the previous years too. Changing team characteristics during crunch situations and performing well has been there. We have two more crunch matches and we need to continue the momentum.\"We got to continue our form and obviously the next game in Kolkata is a very tough match. Kolkata have been playing well and they know the home conditions well. It is going to be another huge pressure match,\" he said.Hussey said his team fires in unison instead of depending on individual performances.\"I think we do not rely only on one or two or three individuals in our team but everyone can contribute to the team victory. I think the match that we won against Rajasthan was a similar match where we won with six balls to spare,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115138", "title": "Rajkiya Nirman Nigam contractor lands in police net after complaints", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gomtinagar police on Saturday arrested a contractor Aditya Agarwal from his house after two Agra contractors Ashok Kumar and Madan Lal lodged two separate FIRs with Krishnanagar and Gomtinagar police stations alleging fraud and extortion of money against Rajkiya Nirman Nigam (RNN) engineers and contractors.The cases relate to construction works undertaken by Nirman Nigam for installing elephant statues at various places and work at Eco Park built on Old Jail campus during the rule Mayawati government.In Krishnanagar, Ashok Kumar, who does stones finishing work, said, \"RNN junior engineer (JE) Abhimanyu Sonker allured him to provide several lakh rupees' contract if he had any registered firm.Two years ago, I got registered a firm-Priya Trading Company- on the JE's suggestion after which I was sublet Rs 7.5 lakh contract of stone finishing and installing panels at Baudh Vihar Shanti Upvan and Eco Park.\"Kumar said that he had completed the work within given time but was made payments of only Rs 3.26 lakh that also in two parts. He said the remaining amount of over Rs 5 lakh is still pending. \"On February 19, the JE called me at Eco Park after assuring to make the payments. He held me captive there on gunpoint and forcibly took my firm's letter pad after making me to sign it that I have received the payments. He said that he later came to know that the entire payment of the work was made, but was not given to him.\"In Gomtinagar, Madan Lal, who does stones/marble supply and finishing work, also fell victim to the tricks of RNN officials and contractors. He said one Aditya Agarwal gave him the contract of supplying stones and installing it after carving elephant. Lal said he was told that the official rate of one elephant statue is Rs 48 lakh.\"In first two contracts I only did the work of carving elephants and was made payment of Rs 40 lakh. Similar work was done by him in the third contract, but, he was paid only Rs 7.5 lakh. The remaining Rs 40.44 lakh is still pending,\" Lal said, and added that Agarwal threatened him of dire consequences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13125636", "title": "Ganguly was 'rested' for RCB match: Nehra", "text": "JAIPUR: Ashish Nehra on Sunday said the controversy surrounding Sourav Ganguly's place in the Pune Warriors' team had no effect on the performance of the players and added that the skipper was \"rested\" in the team's previous match against RCB.\"As far as I know, Ganguly took rest in the team's previous match against RCB and later I came to know that he is playing today. I don't know much about the so called controversy,\" said Nehra.\"I don't think that this episode had any bearing on the performance of the players. We are here to perform and no matter who the captain is we try to give our 100 per cent. I have no idea about the other matters but I know that he was rested in the previous match,\" he added.Rajasthan Royals crushed Pune Warriors by 45 runs in a lop-sided Indian Premier League match here today. Nehra was the most successful bowler with figures of three for 23.Nehra could not explain the reasons behind Pune not being able to click as a unit in the tournament so far.\"I don't know about the specific reasons but there have not been even two fifties and that has always failed us in our chase whether it is 120, 140 or 170. We have not been consistent. Not only batting but the bowling also needs certain improvement.\"We did not miss too many catches but allowed 15-20 extra runs through poor fielding. But most importantly, we have not clicked as a batting unit. We have explosive batsmen like Robin Uthappa and Ryder but it is hard to understand the reason behind eight consecutive defeats,\" Nehra told reporters at the post-match press conference.Injuries have deprived Nehra from several important tours in his career but the 33-year-old cricketer said he is fully fit and in good rhythm.\"I feel I am in good rhythm for quite some time. I do my job and rest depends upon selectors. I have been consistently bowling well these days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13113888", "title": "Grooming kirtankars", "text": "In the melee of a slew of courses and activities that are on offer for the young and old, a Kirtan Mahavidyalya too is flourishing in Khare Town area of the city. The 27 students presently enrolled here are doing graduation and post graduation in the art of singing kirtans.Formed in 2001 and affiliated to Kavi Kulguru Kalidas Sanskrit Mahavidyalay at Ramtek, the school has a faculty of six who initiate the students into the intricacies of voice culture and modulation, diction and a bit of singing. The annual fee charged is Rs 5000.Kirtans are an integral part of the Maharashtrian ethos. Beginning from the Hindu month of Ashad till Hanuman Jayanti, which falls on Chaitra purnima in the month of April, kirtans are sung at different temples of the city. Depending upon the season, kirtan utsavs are held on the occasions of Ashadi Ekadashi, guru purnima, in the month of Shravan, during the Ganapati utsav, Navratri, khojagiri, in the Hindu month of Kartik on Ekadashi, Dutt Jayanti, and the 13-day festivities which mark Shivaratri.Kirtans are different from the regular singing of Bhajans, explains Dilip Dabir, the principal of Kirtan Mahavidyalya. Describing this genre as a mix of spiritual knowledge and entertainment , he says that kirtans were popularized by Sant Namdev in the 12{+t}{+h} century. \"Kirtans are philosophy laced with devotion and can only be sung and presented by those who have had some sort of spiritual encounters with the almighty,\" he adds.Dabir informs that the school was set up under the chairmanship of the late Ram Shewalkar, the well-known Marathi literary giant. \"The board of studies formulated a syllabus prescribing a three-year graduation course and a two-year post graduation course.\"Dabir says that almost every aspect of kirtan is taught at this institution. \"A kirtankar should have philosophical knowledge, should know music of all types, and should have studied literature, scriptures, mythology, Vedas and puranas. We teach all this along with all forms of music from an abhang to light classical and all kinds of literature too which includes knowledge of the Vedas and also modern literature,\" he says.There are different styles in which kirtan is presented. The varkari style does not have a story but is only a discussion about principles and good conduct. It is the form started by varkari saint Namdev. In this type there is only one singer. The rashtriya kirtan was popularized by Balgangadhar Tilak and narrates the lives of patriots. \"What we teach is the Naridya kirtan. Here the kirtankar represents Narad muni. He keeps standing and is accompanied by two musicians.\" The content for this course is drawn from Bhagwad Gita, Haripaath, shat shlokas of Shankaracharya, Raja Bhartu Hari Maharaj's Neeti Shatak and Vairagya Shatak.Explaining the significance of kirtans in modern society, Dabir says, \"Values, culture good behaviour, importance of relationships and principles of humanity are all learnt through kirtans. It also deals with the vices of society.\"There are 21-year-olds as well as those in their 60s who have enrolled in this school to learn the art of singing kirtans. Dabir says that he wants to groom kirtankars whose kirtans would have good music, quality sermon, a bit of theatrics and would be a mix of philosophy and international study. \"It is said that when sant Namdev sang kirtans, God would dance. I dream of that quality of kirtankars emerging from this institution.\"Mastering the art of singing kirtan equips a person in many respects. But the process of becoming a kirtankaar is a wee bit long drawn. It is perhaps for this reason that there is increasingly an effort to initiate young kids into the chanting of Ram Raksha Stotra. Mrunmayee Kulkarni, who is a teacher at Kirtan Mahavidyalay, says that now collective chanting of Ram Raksha Stotra is being practised in many temples and even schools to make children learn it. \"It is a sidha mantra and continuous chanting of the shlokas improves the diction and phonetics. There is a cadence to these shlokas which is followed while chanting the stotra. This aids memorizing and improves the voice quality. It also inculcates the right sanskars in a child, and introduces him to our rich spiritual heritage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "back in the day - in 1890, say - you could buy a bicycle made of steel with a chain, brakes and two wheels fitted with pneumatic tyres. it looked like a bicycle and rode like a bicycle, and it set the standard. today's models may be lighter, slicker and come with better paint jobs but the safety bicycle, as it was known, was a design of such ingenuity that it has remained essentially unchanged in the 120 years since its wheels first rolled. but this hasn't put off generations of innovators who have adorned that familiar diamond frame with gadgetry - or tried, in some cases, to re-invent the (bike) wheel. with summer here, we explore some of the hi-tech accessories and innovations getting bike geeks excited, from the useful to the fanciful via the never-knew-you-needed-that ", "code": "13115980", "title": "The most inventive cycling innovations", "text": "Back in the day - in 1890, say - you could buy a bicycle made of steel with a chain, brakes and two wheels fitted with pneumatic tyres. It looked like a bicycle and rode like a bicycle, and it set the standard. Today's models may be lighter, slicker and come with better paint jobs but the safety bicycle, as it was known, was a design of such ingenuity that it has remained essentially unchanged in the 120 years since its wheels first rolled. But this hasn't put off generations of innovators who have adorned that familiar diamond frame with gadgetry - or tried, in some cases, to re-invent the (bike) wheel. With summer here, we explore some of the hi-tech accessories and innovations getting bike geeks excited, from the useful to the fanciful via the never-knew-you-needed-that :Ding ding!You definitely don't want a Hornster on your bike. On sale this week and marketed as the world's loudest bicycle bell, it will cost you a smidgen under \u00a35,000. It's actually a horn, or two horns of the sort usually fitted to US freight trains, adapted to be powered by the compressed air from a scuba diving tank. At 178 decibels, it's louder than Concorde and as stupid as it looks, but was developed as a noisy stunt by the E nv i ro n m e n t a l Transport Association as a way to raise awareness of cycle safety.Mind controlElectronic gear shifting that does away with cables and mechanical levers in favour of wireless switches has crept into high-end roadbiking since Shimano launched its Di2 system in 2009. But last year Toyota and Parlee, a bike manufacturer , took it a step further by linking the shifters to an iPhone mounted in the handlebars of a slick white racer and a neural headset used in gaming fitted to the helmet. The result: The rider thinks \"up\" or \"down\" and the gears change accordingly. Unfortunately , or possibly fortunately, Toyota has no plans to put the system into production, nor to entrust braking to the power of thought alone.Thinking flatAs the number of cyclists grows in inverse proportion to the size of our homes, bike storage is becoming a sizeable issue. There are only so many lampposts in the world - and almost as many thieves. To help us squeeze our rides into the most obvious place - the hallway of our flats - a US designer called Graham Hill bumped brains with German company Schindelhauer to create ThinBike. Simply by incorporating a quick-release stem which allows the handlebars to be turned in line with the frame and pedals that fold in, Hill has designed a bike that takes up less than a third of the space of a normal one. Clever.Bright ideasBike lights offer almost endless potential for innovation . LED lights put an end to the sorry days of bulbs and rustprone batteries, but since then we've seen spoke-mounted lights that make wheels look like the rings of Saturn while turning at speed, as well as illuminations that make your backpack light up like Blackpool . Now a Seattle-based design consultancy has come up with a concept bike called Pulse. The bike, by Teague, comes with a frame partly coated with photo-luminescent powder to make it glow like a Tron light cycle . Indicators mounted in the handlebar ends complete the wired treatment and a battery pack in the stem keeps everything powered up.Saucepan powerGraeme Obree, aka the Flying Scotsman, broke cycling's hour record (the longest distance achieved in an hour: he managed almost 33 miles in 1994) on a bicycle that included parts from a washing machine. It was banned for breaking strict rules about the design of bikes used in velodromes . The Scot is now plotting a return to the record books with a bike that throws out century-old conventions of bike design - with the help of metal from an old saucepan. Obree, now 46, plans to become the first cyclist to hit 100mph on the world's flattest road in Nevada . He'll lie on his front on the aerodynamic \"human missile\" , which is now taking shape on his kitchen table.-- THE INDEPENDENT", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115640", "title": "DMK man arrested for attempt to murder", "text": "MADURAI: A DMK functionary was arrested in Tirunelveli for allegedly threatening neighbours at gunpoint after they picked up a quarrel with him for illegal drawing of corporation water on Saturday.\"Rohini\" Narayanan, a former DMK cadre wing organiser, has been booked on various counts including attempt-to-murder and criminal intimidation besides charges under the Arms Act. \"We are yet to seize the gun from him. Only then will we know if he possess a licence or not,\" said a police officer. However, Narayanan has been remanded and sent to Palayamkottai central prison.Police said Narayanan's neighbours went to his house at NGO Colony in Perumalpuram in the city limits in the morning and argued with him for allegedly drawing water illegally from the city corporation's pipelines. He was using the water in his garden. Narayanan, furious over the neighbours questioning, came out of his house with a gun and threatened that he would fire at them if they failed to disperse from there.Shanmugan Kumar, one of the neighbours, lodged a complaint with the police, based on which he was arrested.Police said 'Rohini' Narayanan's neighbours went to his house at NGO Colony in Perumalpuram in the morning and argued with him for allegedly drawing water illegally from the corporation's pipelines. Narayanan, furious over the neighbours questioning, came out of his house with a gun and threatened that he would fire at them if they failed to disperse", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114422", "title": "Speeding ambulance hits farmers, 2 killed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two farmers died and two others suffered injuries when an ambulance from Kurnool on its way to the city hit them near Acharya NG Ranga Agricultural University in the wee hours of Saturday.The Rajendranagar police said Shankaraiah, 45, and Jangaiah, 50, died on the spot, while Suresh and Yadaiah suffered injuries. All the victims are farmers and were from Chenguru village of Rangareddy district.At around 2 am, the farmers started off from their village in a carrier auto with their produce, cluster beans. When they were near the Agricultural University in Rajendranagar, the three-wheeler had a flat tyre. \"The farmers began unloading the auto, which was parked to a side. A speeding ambulance of a private hospital, which was on its way to Hyderabad from Kurnool, hit the four and two of them died on the spot,'' Rajendranagar sub-inspector B Kotaiah said.Police said the ambulance was heading towards the city with a patient. The two injured and the patient were shifted to a nearby hospital in an auto. The driver of the ambulance fled from the location after the incident.\"These farmers were going to the city to sell their vegetables in Gudimalkapur. They were unloading the auto to get it repaired. The ambulance had enough space to maneuver, but it appears that the ambulance driver might have dozed off on the wheel and hit the farmers,\" police said. Some of the injured where shifted to Osmania General Hospital (OGH), while others where shifted to a private hospital. A case under Section 304-A (causing death by rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered against the ambulance driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115014", "title": "CBI court sends foodgrain scam accused to jail", "text": "LUCKNOW: A CBI court on Saturday has sent a foodgrain scam accused Uday Pratap Singh to jail under judicial custody till May 26. The CBI produced the accused at the residence of CBI judge RP Sharma.The CBI on Friday had arrested Uday Pratap Singh, brother of sitting Samajwadi Party MLA from Gonda Awdhesh Pratap Singh in connection with the scam. The CBI team probing the scam summoned Uday Pratap Singh to its camp office in Gonda on Friday morning for questioning. After a series of grilling sessions, the CBI brought him to Lucknow and formally arrested him late in the evening on Friday.Uday Pratap happens to be a transporter and was among the three Gonda transporters who have been found involved in the scam related to disposal of food grains worth Rs 8 crore that was to be distributed to the below poverty line families through the public distribution system. Allegations are that the foodgrain was sold away in the open market. The transporters who were supposed to transport the foodgrain stocks from the government godowns to PDS warehouses sold the stocks directly from the government godowns and the stocks never reached the PDS warehouses.The CBI had earlier arrested Rajendra Singh and Shivbux Singh - two leading transporters of Gonda, about a week ago. It was on the basis of the interrogation of these two transporters that the CBI managed to gather evidence against Uday Pratap to establish his involvement in the scam. While the agency has detected that foodgrain scam in Lakhimpur was worth Rs 7 crore, in Gonda it was estimated to be around Rs 8 crore.The scam had surfaced during the previous Mulayam Singh Yadav regime. Investigators believe that the scam may turn out to be worth over Rs 1 lakh crore. More than 20 persons have been arrested so far by the CBI in connection with the scam from the two districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114148", "title": "14-year-old dies after falling from tree", "text": "NAGPUR: A 14-year-old boy succumbed to his injuries sustained after he fell from the tree while playing with friends on MIDC road in Parth India Company premises on Friday.Shankar Nayak, a resident of Shramik Nagar, died on Friday night while being treated at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Police said Nayak had left home in the morning with his three friends and told his mother that he is going to play cricket. However, after half-an-hour his friends came back and informed about the accident.According to his friends' statement, they were playing below the tree and Nayak climbed the tree for fun. Though he had climbed one of the top branches, he was trying to reach the topmost point of the tree. Police said that he was talking to his friends while climbing and hence lost balance. He came crashing down from a height of 15 feet and fell on his chest, causing internal injuries.Nayak was immediately rushed to GMCH but he failed to recover. MIDC police has registered a case of accidental death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114630", "title": "Govt to create 1 million skilled manpower in next five years", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government has decided to convert employment exchange offices into career guidance centres in a bid to meet the target of creating one million skilled manpower in the state in the next five years. At these centres, candidates will be counseled and screened for appropriate skill development training, said chief secretary B K Patnaik. He was speaking at a skill summit organized by the State Employment Mission and Confederation of Indian Industries (CII), Odisha chapter.\"The centre has fixed a target of creating 2.78 million skilled manpower by the end of the 12th five year plan. This is quite an ambitious figure. We will try to fulfil the target of creating one million skilled persons,\" said Patnaik. He also gave emphasis on creating skilled manpower for the agriculture sector, which gives employment to a large number of people in the state.The secretary of the newly formed department of employment, technical education and training for skill development, C S Kumar, said inadequate policy coordination among various government departments and limited field capacity are major challenges before the government for skill development. \"The new department will coordinate between other departments and focus on improving the quality of skill providers, to improve the existing system, to engage school and college dropouts in learning various technical skills and to create employment opportunity for them.\"He also pointed out that about 100 new ITIs are coming up in PPP mode in the state while 37 industries have signed MoUs with the state government to set up ITIs to create skilled manpower. \"Besides, the government has plans to set up placement cells in different districts,\" he added.The National Skill Development Corporation (NSDC) has identified nine major sectors in the state including construction, mining, manufacturing, IT and ITES, hospitality and textile.Dillip Chinoy, chief executive officer of National Skill Development Commission (NSDC) said, \"By 2026 Odisha will have seven million unemployed youth, which would be 70 per cent of the demand of the workforce. So it is high time we focused on potential employment sectors.\"NSDC has approved 60 skill development projects with an estimated cost of 1496 crore in the state. In 2011-12 only about 1,81,000 people were trained of whom 1,44,238 got placed.Panchayati raj secretary P K Jena said, \"Learning technical skills is not enough. Soft skills that make people employable are also critical. We must train our youth as per the requirement of industry.\"Principal advisor to planning commission Ashok Sahu discussed the best practices on skill development adopted by other states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116274", "title": "Four cellphones seized in Beur Central Jail", "text": "PATNA: The Beur Central Jail authorities carried out a raid inside the jail on Saturday morning and recovered four cellphones and three chargers. The raid was led by jail superintendent Shivendra Priyardashi.Priyardarshi said the raid was carried out in view of the municipal polls scheduled for May 17. He said the team entered the jail premises at 4am and searched the Ganga and Saraswati wards. The cellphones were found hidden inside the jail walls. The raid lasted till 6.20am.Women killed: Two women in the age group of 30- 35 years were run over by a speeding train near the west cabin of the Barh railway station on late Friday evening.Barh Government Railway Police in charge SHO Ramvilas Singh said prima facie, the duo appear to have committed suicide. He said their bodies were found near the tracks.The SHO said a gateman informed the GRP about the bodies lying near the tracks on Saturday morning. Their identities are yet to be established, Singh said.Girl drowns: A young girl, Rakhi Kumari (22), drowned while taking bath in the Ganga at Bansi Ghat under the Pirbahore police station on Saturday morning. Rakhi stayed at her maternal uncle's house at Mahendru under the Sultanganj police station in Patna .She was studying in a coaching institute. She left her house around 5am and reached Bansi Ghat around 5.15am. She went into deep waters and drowned. Locals tried to save her but she could not be traced.Police later reached the spot along with divers. Pirbahore SHO Asrar Ahmad said Rakhi's body was fished out and sent to PMCH for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114517", "title": "A shower of relief", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Many parts of the city and state capital witnessed light drizzle, thunder and lightning on Saturday evening. Met officials said that the weather was cloudy all over the city as the winds are mainly westerly which have picked up some moisture.\"Since the temperature is high at 41 degrees, these westerly winds pick up moisture from the Arabian Sea, resulting in light drizzles\", said meteorological scientist with Indian Meteorology Department (IMD) Manorama Mohanty.Mohanty says that a western disturbance is also approaching because of which there is a change in the weather which was cloudy at many places.Citizens were pleasantly surprised when they were encountered with light showers and a relief from hot weather while returning home.\"This is the second time it has rained this summer. One does not feel it is Ahmedabad weather, it feels more like Bangalore\", said Ravi Kotak, a software engineer who was commuting home in Ahmedabad from Gandhinagar. \"It was amazing to see clouds covering the skyline from Satellite to Thaltej interrupted with thunder and lightning\", said Bharat Patel, a resident of Satellite.\"There has been a respite from the heat waves in the city where temperature is notorious to hover around 44 degrees during peak summer. This time, Amdavadi summer has been thankfully tame\", said Bhagirath Pandya, a Vastrapur resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13116352", "title": "Birthing no longer means bearing pangs", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The joy of birthing will no more be hindered by birth pangs. The Institute of Maternal and Child Health (IMCH) at the Kozhikode Medical College will soon introduce painless delivery facility in its maternity division.The hospital has already started trial run of the labour analgesia at a specially arranged room in its labour ward. The formal announcement of the facility, considered to be first of its kind in the government hospitals in the state, is expected to be made soon.IMCH will spend Rs 25 lakh to set up the facility. Currently it has the facility to conduct painless childbirths on two women at a time.During a normal childbirth, labour pain for women lasts from four hours to eight hours. Dr N Uamadevi, head of the department of Gynecology, Kozhikode Government Medical College, said painless delivery is advised for women who come with natural labour pain. \"We have successfully performed painless deliveries on six women so far,\" she said.A sum of Rs 300 will be charged from Above Poverty Line (APL) patients who wish to avail the facility and it will be free for women from Below Poverty Line (BPL).At present the IMCH takes care of 50-60 childbirths a day. Out of the 1,600 infant births in a month, 30-35 are done through C-section.Dr K T Ramdas, professor and head of the department of anesthesiology, said epidural space in the back is identified in the first stage. A combination of local anaesthesia bupivacaine with opioid like Sentenyal is given to the epidural space to block pain on the lower part of the body of a pregnant woman who has a well-established pain.\"The woman in labour will remain conscious and will have the strength to push the baby out.There will be numbness at the pelvic region due to which women won't be aware of the pain,\" said Ramdas.He said the method has more advantages compared to side effects. \"On the flip side some say that there women who have opted for painless childbirths suffer from back pain. But then it happens even in cases of normal delivery,\" said Ramdas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116635", "title": "Gateways are tell-tale structures", "text": "Mysore was influenced by European architecture is evident from the gateways that have survived over decades. Though preserved, there have been few efforts to showcase them in Heritage City.Gateway is a point of entry to a property enclosed by walls. In Mysore, they were built at the entries of prominent buildings to denote the stature of the monuments, which have survived despite the city witnessing change. When the groundwork for the construction of the opulent Government House was launched in 1800s, the builders endowed it with a majestic gateway at its southern end. The arch gate, raised to some 30 feet, is composed of some of the finest details and provides a royal entrance to the Government House. The monument was built as a villa for the British Resident and was reserved for the distinguished European guests who visited the Mysore State.The European-classical gateway was a perfect fit for the single-storey structure, which is of the Doric order of architecture. Over the years, as the density at the city centre increased, the space abutting the gateway is used for public purpose. With that, the arch gate came to be at the middle of the busy junction, exposing itself to risks. Though Mysore police saved it from being pulled down, there are no efforts to showcase its achievements and speak about its age and architecture. The gateway, built at the northern end, has three openings, lending a quaint charm to the surroundings. But this too has not got its due.Built a century later, the gateway to the DC's office -- originally called as Dewan's Kacheri -- must also have added value to the opulent two-storey structure. Built in 1895, the office is one of the beautiful period buildings located in what was earlier known as Gordon Park. The gateway, in fact, opened to the Gordon Park, which was basically an open space with pubic utilities spread across like the ones in DC's office, Maharaja's College, Maharaja's High School and Maharani's College.The gateway proclaimed hierarchical status of the dewan who was the head of the administration in the erstwhile state, while the maharajas ruled the state. Preserved by the authorities, it is not showcased, while the other gateway pushed into the Maharani's College campus is neglected.The Guard Room that opens to Lalit Mahal Palace, the simmering white palace in the city at the foot of Chamundi Hills, has also now come to be regarded as an \"obstacle\". It is sought to be eased out when the plan for the widening of Narasimharaja Boulevard is pushed forward.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115857", "title": "Device helps power department to check meter tampering", "text": "ALLAHABAD: On first instance the name sounds like a water purifier, but the Acqua Check machine has helped the power department to detect devices that tamper with electronic meters. Using this handy machine, the power department has caught more than 6,500 consumers who had installed pin-sized devices in the electronic meters to alter the flow of electric current. The machine also tells the rate at which a meter has been slowed down.Once the device is found installed in an electronic meter, the raiding teams immediately seal the meter and give a week's time to the consumer to turn up at the main power house. On the given date, the meter is opened in the presence of the consumer and officials of the power department. The entire proceedings are recorded on a video camera and once the physical presence of device inside the electronic meter is confirmed, the department charges assessment at the rate of twice the revenue charged for an entire year.Regarding the criteria for calculating the revenue for such consumers, executive engineer, administration, Mohd Feroze said: \"The method followed is the LFHD system wherein load is multiplied by factor which subsequently is multiplied by number of days and hours. The number of days are calculated as 365 while the number of hours stand at 22 keeping in mind the total hours of electricity supplied to the city per day. By doing so we are able to calculate the number of units which are then multiplied by 2.The rates per unit vary given the fact that domestic consumer is charged at the rate of Rs 3.50 per unit while the commercial users are charged at the rate of Rs 4.70 per unit.He added that a consumer is given 15 days to deposit the assessment amount failing which the connection is snapped and an FIR under different section of power theft and criminal conspiracy lodged. If the said consumer is caught again, the department charges assessment fee at the rate of four times the charges of electricity consumed per year. And, if the consumer is caught for the third time, the department would permanently disconnect the supply of the said consumer and another FIR would be lodged, said Feroze, adding that such consumers would not be allowed to apply for a fresh connection.Chief engineer, distribution, Alok Verma said, \"Efforts are underway to seek the approval of state government to grant permission to the raiding teams to conduct on the spot testing of meters and videography and initiate necessary action there itself. This would save time of the department and reduce the cumbersome procedure mentioned above.Once the device is found installed in an electronic meter, the raiding teams immediately seal the meter and give a week's time to the consumer to turn up at the main power house. On the given date, the meter is opened in the presence of the consumer and officials of the power department. The entire proceedings are recorded on a video camera and once the physical presence of device inside the electronic meter is confirmed, the department charges assessment at the rate of twice the revenue charged for an entire year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13116670", "title": "Haryana orders probe into map row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana government on Saturday ordered an inquiry into the complaint that the map of India in full was not being taught in e-Geography classes held in government schools in the state.\"It is a very serious matter. The state government will look into the matter and take strict action against those found guilty,\" said state education minister Geeta Bhukkal.Though, the government did not mention details of the error in the map of India being shown to students, but leader of BJP legislative group in the state assembly, Anil Vij claimed that the map of Jammu and Kashmir was not given in full.Anil Vij said the state government had given contract to a private firm to operate e-classes in the schools. \"Now, the government should take action against those officials also, who had given the contract to this firm,\" he said, demanding that the contract be cancelled immediately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13114755", "title": "Repair work at Sonar fort suspended due to lack of funds", "text": "JAISALMER: The repair work on the boundary wall of 856-year-old Jaisalmer fort, which collapsed during the last monsoon, has been suspended due to lack of funds. And with the monsoon about to set in, if the 40x20 ft wall is not repaired on time, then one cannot rule out the possibility of an untoward incident or further damage to the heritage structure.Earlier in January this year, a high-level meeting was held in January in Jaipur for conservation of the fort and it was decided to form an authority for the project. But after four months, there still no sign of formation of the authority.In August last year, the fort suffered heavy damages and its boundary wall collapsed due to heavy rain. However, a major mishap was averted as no person or tourist was present at the spot at that time. Even months after the incident, no repair work started. It was only after TOI reported the issue that repair work began using funds from other heads. But now, the work has been stopped the reason being no budget has been allotted for the work.A senior official of the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) said the National Culture Fund (NCF), the nodal agency for conservation of the fort, has not sent the money till date for repairing of the wall. Last month, a meeting was held in this regard and attention of NCF officials was drawn towards the issue.Work on the formation of the proposed Sonar Fort Authority for its conservation was proposed after the visit of Union tourism minister Kumari Selja in Jaisalmer followed by a meeting between her, ASI officials and the state government on January 21 in Jaipur. Though the authority was proposed to be formed within a month of the meeting, no work has been done for it even after four months.The delay in forming of the authority has led to sluggishness in the conservation work. An official source said the formation of authority is pending with the state government. The state government has not decided on the names of chairman and other members of the authority, the source said.Meanwhile, the RUIDP has also not started the work of changing the sewerage line, a project with an estimated cost of Rs 5 crore. Earlier, no contractor was ready to do this work, but now it is being reported that tender was floated again and two contractors have applied for the sewerage line project. It is expected that completion of the project will take four to five months' time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125348", "title": "Tailor shot dead in his shop in Wadi", "text": "VADODARA: The busy Wadi area that remains abuzz with traffic all day came to a standstill on Sunday morning, when the locals heard three gun shots.A tailor sitting in his shop in Chheli Pol was shot dead by three unidentified assailants at about 11 am. The accused came in an auto-rickshaw and entered Dinesh Jhingar's tailor shop. According to the complaint, one of them opened fire at Dinesh from his pistol and the trio then fled from the spot.The victim was rushed to SSG Hospital for treatment, but was declared brought dead.While the incident occurred in a busy area, police said that no one saw faces of the accused. Jhingar's wife Gayatri told the police that she suspected Jayanti Patel, a local bootlegger, was behind the murder. \"Gayatri said that Patel was angry with her husband and they both had heated arguments some days ago. She even said that Patel had threatened him with life about four days ago,\" said the police.According to the complaint, differences had cropped up between Dinesh and Jayanti Patel over vehicle loan. \"When Patel and Dinesh were on good terms, Dinesh had become guarantor for a loan taken by Patel for buying a tempo. However, Patel didn't pay the installments on time. This led to dispute between the duo. Dinesh kept insisting that Patel pay up the installments which infuriated the latter,\" police officials said.Sources also said that the accused had also bought a SIM card in Dinesh's name which he was using for illegal activities. Gayatri has stated in her FIR that Jayanti was one of the three persons who entered the shop and killed her husband. Dinesh suffered bullet injuries on his chest, head and hand.\"We have started looking for Jayanti. He is absconding but will be nabbed soon. As of now, police thinks that Dinesh was bumped off over the loan dispute but the case is being investigated from all angles,\" said DCB police inspector Shankar Chaudhary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116196", "title": "Self-seeking MPs pain oldest parliamentarian", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rishang Keishing got elected to the first 1952-57 LS. He's still an MP and sits in the Upper House . This 92 year old veteran Naga leader seldom skips Parliament. He'll be felicitated on Sunday.He feels saddened by the falling standards of parliamentarians. \"Compared to the first LS, I notice now there's only chaos and verbal violence .\" He's unsparing of his own Congress party: \"Whether it's the opposition or Congress, most MPs these days are governed by self-interests . This is where they differ from lawmakers of the past whose heart beat only for the nation.'' Keishing, a freedom fighter, attributes the recent scams involving Congress ministers and allies to self-interests.He calls Jawaharlal Nehru , G B Pant, Krishna Menon, Rajkumari Amrit Kaur and Shyama Prasad Mookherjee as the five best Parliamentarians. Keishing recalls an encounter with PM Manmohan Singh , whom he describes as an exception and honest to the core.\"Singh was then Plan panel deputy chief. As Manipur CM, I told him we needed Rs 250crore. He said he could spare only Rs 200crore. I walked out. An hour later, he called me and said I was justified and approved the amount.'' He finds MPs' habit of absenteeism irritating. \"When I came to Delhi in 1952, I wanted to study law and got myself admitted to DU. This was interfering with my duties as MP and I abandoned the course.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115704", "title": "Allahabad University students get access to e-books", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The students of Allahabad University can now access books on diverse topics online. These e-books, published by Springer, have been procured by the Central Library at a substantially reduced rate and resulted in a saving a huge amount of over Rs one crore for the university.Available in broadly four areas of science, these e-books of Springer can be accessed from any computer attached to the main server of AU by typing www.springer.com/ebooks in the address bar. These e-books are from the field of science covering areas such as biomedical and life science, computer science, mathematics and statistics, physics and astronomy. There will be 475 e-books of biomedical and life science, 935 of computer science, 425 of mathematics and statistics and 320 of physics and astronomy i.e. 2,155 books in all, said deputy librarian BK Singh.\"This is one time procurement wherein the e-books can be accessed at any computer attached to main server of AU from where the users can access the latest edition (2012) of these books,\" said Singh. Not only can the user read the book, but can also get the print out of the desired page that he or she wants, he added. These e-books will be in addition to the e-resources that the university is availing through UGC's INFLIBNET through which the users at AU are getting access to over 7000 online journals and 13 data bases.These e-books published by Springer have been procured at a substantially reduced rate as compared to what is being offered for the open market. The total market cost of these e-books is Euro 224582 (Rs 1,55,25,584) whereas the same has been given to AU at a reduced price of Euro 69620 (Rs 48,12, 902), a saving of more than Rs one crore seven lakh for the university.Informing about the various advantages that e-books have over print format of the books, deputy librarian said the foremost advantage is that the user need not go to the library, rather the desired book can be accessed to multiple users at the work place, provided the computer is attached to the main server of AU. Moreover, the e-book does not need any storage area and is ideal for institutions where the workforce is less.Similarly, these books come handy for those who have problem with small fonts of print books as one can easily adjust font with an eBook, said Singh.\"As per the agreement with Springer, AU will not have to pay anything to Springer against the maintenance cost of these e-books whereas normally any institution is given the benefit that the same does not pay maintenance cost for the first two years after which $500 has to be paid after first two years,\" said deputy librarian.The foremost advantage is that the user need not go to the library, rather the desired book can be accessed to multiple users at the work place, provided the computer is attached to the main server of AU.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114940", "title": "Now, Urban development department to focus on traffic, transport woes", "text": "PUNE: After cracking the whip on the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) to clear encroachments on footpaths, the state urban development department (UDD) has now taken up the task to resolve Pune's traffic and transportation issues.The UDD will hold a meeting with elected representatives and PMC officials on Thursday to discuss traffic plans, pending projects, the comprehensive mobility plan and construction of a high capacity mass transit route.Sources in the department said that top UDD officials will attend the meeting. The meeting comes on the backdrop of the state government's recent initiative to push a ring road plan for the city.Giving a new lease of life to a long-pending proposal, the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) recently proposed a 161.73-km ring road around Pune and Pimpri Chinchwad, which will divert heavy traffic to the outskirts of the two cities. The project is estimated to cost Rs 10,408 crore.\"The state is also likely to approve the first phase of the metro rail project this week. On this backdrop, the state would like to take a comprehensive review of the traffic and transport in the city. Besides, the central UDD has published a draft report on transportation. All these issues will be discussed at the meeting,\" said a PMC official.The central UDD, in its draft report on making cities more livable by providing good public transport and facilities for pedestrians and cyclists, said recently that major cities facing traffic and transportation problems should have an 'implementable mobility plan' that focuses on people instead of vehicles.The report mentioned the parameters for the national mission on sustainable habitat and said that every city needs to have an urban metropolitan transport authority (UMTA). This authority should prepare the implementable mobility plan, which should be part of the master plan prepared by the development authority, ie, the municipal corporation.Pune does not have a UMTA or an implementable mobility plan. The PMC has prepared a comprehensive mobility plan, but has not taken any decision on its implementation in the last two years. A senior civic official said that the report has been placed before the civic general body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115096", "title": "Rogue bikers too quick for cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Last year, 662 motorcyclists died in Delhi, accounting for more than 30% of all road fatalities. This year, 186 have already died in 180 accidents. As a traffic group, motorcyclists are next only to pedestrians in terms of casualties, traffic police say. But unlike pedestrians, they also endanger other road users' lives - this year, they have caused 49 deaths. They are also the most difficult to catch and prosecute in case of violations.\"It is difficult to check two wheelers as speed interceptor cameras are unable to focus on their small number plates. At night, speed cameras don't work, so checking speeding with cameras is not possible until we get the new speed cameras,\" says joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Traffic police have initiated several campaigns for motorcyclists, such as 'follow rules', 'pedestrian safety' and 'wear helmet', without much success. \"Most of them jump red lights, and even if they stop, they cross the stop line and bunch together. Not only do they choke the intersection and smooth movement of traffic, but also block the path meant for pedestrians, they cross the signal before the light turns green and stall the movement of traffic behind them at intersections,\" says a senior traffic police officer of the south district.Motorcyclists TOI spoke to also seemed indifferent to rules. \"I am carrying a helmet but don't like to wear it. When I see a traffic cop, I wear the helmet. I was just dropping my friend at the next intersection when we were challaned,\" said 24-year-old Neeraj Yashkar. Another man out for a ride with a woman friend at night said, \"We are not wearing helmets or carrying any papers because it is nighttime. We just decided to go for a ride to enjoy the refreshing breeze.\"Experts say bikers break rules most often on wide roads. \"Most accidents involve youths who want to experiment with speed. They try to swerve between large vehicles, and either cause harm to others or end up as casualties themselves. Accidents usually happen on wide roads like Ring Road, south Delhi roads and Delhi-Noida road as they are easier to speed up on,\" says KK Kapila, chairman, International Road Federation (IRF).Traffic police claim they have a team of 610 chase-and-challan motorbikes. \"They are deployed to issue challans to two wheelers as well as other vehicles. They are trained to ride fast, if required, and chase down offenders. We are posting at least a couple of such bikes with each team for the drive against two wheeler violations at night,\" says Garg.However, TOI found many of these chase-and-challan vehicles parked on the roadside during the drives, giving offenders extra time to get away. Police say there are two solutions to the biker menace - advanced speed cameras and barricading. \"Police presence immediately brings down traffic offences and bikers do not perform stunts when they fear police intervention. Otherwise, bikers speed together and a handful of cops are unable to stop them. By the time an alert is sounded, the violators have usually got away,\" said a senior police officer of the New Delhi district.Increasing fines may also help reduce violations, experts say. \"The fine for most of the offences including triple-riding, driving without a helmet and jumping a red light is a paltry Rs 100,\" points out Garg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13122556", "title": "Armaan gets confident boost at Indianapolis", "text": "CHENNAI: Armaan Ebrahim received a much-needed confident boost going into his first ever race at the famed Indianapolis Motor Speedway during the Indy500 weekend.Armaan, who is plying his trade in the Firestone Indy Lights series this year, has had a sedate start to his career in the US. The 23-year-old Chennai lad had decent build-ups to the three rounds of the championship, which is a feeder series to the Indy Racing League. But he was unable to convert it to good finishes up the order on race days.Things look better now for Armaan after his test at the Indianapolis Oval this weekend, where he clocked the sixth fastest time among 17 cars and more importantly, his Fan Force United car was just 0.3 seconds adrift of the fastest man on track - Gustavo Yacman.Armaan's next race - the Freedom 100 - will be at the same track during the Indy500 weekend, which is the biggest motorsport spectacle in the Americas.The Indian is looking forward to the big occasion and with the good showing during the open test, where he ran 48 laps, Armaan is sure of making a splash come May 25.Armaan noted that the Indy oval is different from the other ovals he has raced so far in the US.\"It's way different from any other oval. We've tested at Fontana and Iowa, but those two tracks are totally different from each other, every oval has a totally different reaction, but so far that has gone well. I'm enjoying the ovals, and it's going to a whole different story when you have 20 other of these guys out there with you,\" said Armaan.\"It was a good day (at Indianapolis). We were up to speed quickly. It was only my third time on an oval, and I'm more relaxed and comfortable, just trying to be smooth, and trying to get it right. This is definitely a special place, and it is a great feeling just to be able to drive on the track. We're going to keep working hard, preparing for all possibilities, because we know it could be completely different when we get back here in a couple of weeks,\" added Armaan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chikkaballapur", "code": "13115833", "title": "Ignored by ex-girlfriend, boy ends life", "text": "CHIKKABALLAPUR: A fourth-semester engineering student from Bihar was found dead on the Bangalore-Chikkaballapur rail track near Karnataka's Devanahalli on Saturday.Alok Ranjan, who was pursuing electronics and communication engineering from Nagarjuna College of Engineering and Technology, left behind a suicide note saying no one was responsible for his death. But he wrote that college authorities and his ex-girlfriend were troubling him.His fellow students blocked the Bangalore-Chikkaballapur highway for 30 minutes, alleging that the college authorities had humiliated Ranjan and forced him to kill himself. His friends said he began texting messages to them since Friday. Later, he called his ex-girlfriend a number of times, but she ignored his calls.He then texted her sometime late in the evening, saying, \"If you don't call me in 10 minutes, I will kill myself.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13114634", "title": "Ponda man held for raping minor", "text": "PONDA: Ponda police arrested Sitaram Laxmikant Gaonkar, 24, of Mapa-Panchwadi in Ponda, for allegedly raping a minor after forcefully marrying her. The 16-year-old, who has a one-and-a-half month old child, has alleged that the man had illegally confined her in his house and was abusing her, Ponda police said.Ponda deputy superintendent of police (DySP) Dinraj Govekar said Gaonkar was arrested as per the complaint lodged by the minor girl. Gaonkar had married the girl by kidnapping and holding her in confinement in his house for about a year. \"The minor had voluntarily approached police and complained that she was harassed by her in-laws after the marriage that led her to file a complaint with the police.\"Although the minor was married to the accused, we have registered an offence of rape as the victim had not attained the legal age at the time of her marriage,\" Govekar said. Police have registered an offence against Gaonkar under Sections 366 (kidnapping, abducting or inducing a woman into marriage), 376 (rape), 323 (injury), 342 (wrongful confinement), 504 (abusing with filthy language) of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and Section 8 (child abuse) of Goa Children's Act.The accused will be produced before a court of law for seeking his custodial remand on Sunday, the police said. The minor got the opportunity to leave Gaonkar's house for delivery of the child about a couple of months ago. She is now residing at her parents' home and does not want to go back to her husband, the police said.Ponda police revealed that the victim has said the accused was insisting that she had to get dowry from her parents and was threatening her that he would marry another woman if she failed to bring the dowry. The accused was also abusing the minor for dowry, she alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114562", "title": "CM Naveen's first foreign tour later this month", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After over a dozen years as chief minister, Naveen Patnaik is preparing to make his maiden foreign trip. He will be touring England from May 23 to 31, official sources said on Saturday.Naveen, who was a frequent flyer to Western countries prior to making his political debut in 1997, had refrained from going overseas ever since assuming the office of chief minister on March 5, 2000.He has now accepted an invitation from the Department for International Development (DfID), which has been supporting Odisha in tackling malnutrition, modernising government initiatives and improving SC and ST girls' education, to undertake a trip to England to hold consultations with their representatives and experts, official sources said.The visit is aimed at strengthening ties between the state government and DfID, sources said, adding, the CM would, during his trip, visit the Institute of Development Studies (IDS), Sussex, and inaugurate an Odisha Handloom show in London. Textiles and handloom minister Usha Devi and minister of state for SC and ST Ramesh Majhi would be part of Naveen's delegation. Principal secretary to CM Aditya Padhi, secretary, school and mass education Rajesh Verma , secretary, women and child development Arti Ahuja and private secretary to CM V Karthikeyan Pandian would accompany Naveen, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116581", "title": "A healthy life is what you and your child deserve", "text": "Nutrition is the focal point of health and well-being , and is thus very crucial for both mother and child, feel expertsPooja MadhokNutrition is a desperately neglected aspect of maternal , newborn and child health. The reasons for this neglect are understandable but not justifiable. More than a third of child deaths and eleven per cent of the total disease burden worldwide are due to maternal and child undernutrition. Low birth weight of babies has become a grievous issue in India. According to UNICEF one in three newborns in India is born with this scourge which is caused, mainly, due to child and maternal undernutrition . If mothers take good nutrition with essential dietary supplementation during and after pregnancy , this menace can be curbed, feel doctors all over.In fact, it is often said that maternal and child nutrition is one of the major indicators of the development of a country. The gloomy state of 'maternal nutrition' worldwide , and particularly in India, is a major concern for global health agencies, nutrition bodies and governments.Researches say that almost seventy per cent of a baby's brain develops during the first 1000 days since conception, the nine months in the womb, and the first two years out of it. The mother's nutrition during this period, therefore, is of utmost importance. Food diversity and dietary supplementation with key nutrients like protein, iron, zinc, DHA, copper, iodine, selenium , vitamin A, choline and folate play a crucial role in ensuring optimal nutrition for mothers.Improved nutrition during pregnancy and early childhood is a critical driver for economic growth and poverty reduction. Good nutrition in early life helps drive a country's long-term health, prosperity and stability. It improves a child's cognitive and physical development, lessens susceptibility to other deadly diseases, and helps promote opportunities for women and girls. Over the long-term , these factors contribute to a workforce that more capable and robust and a society that is better educated and more equal.If the studies are to be believed, India has a unique opportunity now to improve the health and nutritional status of its people. The country is in a position to invest increasing amounts of resources in social sectors as a result of economic progress. With recognition of the importance of health and nutrition for national development, the prospects for improved and equitable health and nutrition are now better than they have ever been.India, with a population of more than 1 billion people, has many challenges in improving the health and nutrition of its citizens. Steady declines have been noted in fertility, maternal, infant and child mortalities , and the prevalence of severe manifestations of nutritional deficiencies , but the pace has been slow and falls short of national targets. The likely explanations include social inequities, disparities in health systems between and within states, and consequences of urbanisation and demographic transition. Emphasis on priority interventions remains insufficient, and the content and quality of existing interventions are suboptimum. Substantial unmet need for contraception remains , adolescent pregnancies are common, and access to safe abortion is inadequate.The only way forward is to transform health systems. Effective stewardship, decentralised planning at all levels, effective service delivery in communities and health facilities, a sustained campaign to change household behaviours and creation of centres of excellence for health and nutrition policy research are essential to bring about the desired change. Besides , child nutrition programmes need to be changed with focus on the vulnerable first two years of life. Similarly, a mother's health should be given utmost attention.To achieve the desired results, certain things need to be taken care of at an immediate basis...Early Age At ChildbirthThe median maternal age at first delivery in India is 199 years; about 30 per cent of girls give birth before the age of 20 years, and account for 21 per cent of all deliveries. The risks of neonatal mortality and low birth weight are increased by almost 50 per cent if maternal age at childbirth is less than 20 years. Early childbearing is also associated with excess maternal mortality. This needs to be dealt with on an urgent basis.Mother-Child NutritionThe researchers strongly feel that there are interventions that can improve a child's health in a big way. And these interventions include promotion of breastfeeding; strategies to promote complementary feeding, with or without provision of food supplements; micronutrient interventions; general supportive strategies to improve family and community nutrition ; and reduction of disease burden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13116652", "title": "Now, go boating in Bannerghatta Park", "text": "MYSORE: Those on a safari at the Bannerghatta Biological Park (BBP) can now take a boat ride in the middle of the forest, with the Zoo Authority of Karnataka planning to introduce boating in the BBP on the lines of Karanji Lake in Mysore.The authorities, in a bid to boost tourism, are planning to make use of the water bodies in the premises, and are carrying out a study to check its feasibility. They will pilot the proposed project for a week, starting Monday.ZAK chairman M Nanjundaswamy told STOI there are three natural water bodies in the BBP premises and they are studying which of them can be best utilized for boating. Boating in the forest can be a great experience, Nanjundaswamy said. Having checked the feasibility, they will take up the issue with the governing council.Just as in Mysore, they plan to start with pedal and rowing boats. With visitors to the BBP, spread across 750 hectares, increasing by the day, the idea could be a value addition. However, only safari visitors can enjoy boating as the water bodies are located in this zone.On an average, about 2,000 people visit the park for a safari every day, and the number during peak season - summer vacation, Christmas and weekends - goes up to 5,000. Last Sunday, around 12,000 visitors went on the safari.The BBP has three separate entries for the safari, zoo and butterfly park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114433", "title": "Gujarat University to probe allegations of favouritism", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gujarat University (GU) will make an enquiry into the case of alleged case of favouritism at BK School of Management. A student had been allegedly giving examination in a separate exam hall with a lineament invigilator. The student also tore his answer papers, which the teachers put together the answer sheets and accepted it.The case has raised eyebrows among students and staff. BK School of Management director Sarla Achuthan, however, said that after the student complained of disturbance by others in the class, a separate arrangement was made for him.Vice chancellor Parimal Trivedi on Saturday said that an investigation into the matter will be conducted by the examination controller.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115518", "title": "Raids uncover Rs 1.5 cr service tax evasion", "text": "INDORE: The Indore branch of central excise and customs department, which raided on the premises of four real estate developers in the city during past two days, is estimating to recover an alleged service tax evasion of about Rs 1.5 crore from them.The raids were conducted on the premises of the city-based builders on Friday were Vastu Developers, Parswanath Real Estate, Karuna Sagar and Prashant Sagar Builders. The raids were conducted at 14 places of the realtors.The raids were conducted under the direction of the central excise and customs commissioner RD Negi and in the leadership of preventive officer Harbir Singh. During the raids, Prashant Developers surrendered a tax amount of Rs 40 lakh.Giving the details about the raids, Negi told ToI, \"We expect to recover a sum of Rs 1-1.5 crore from the companies on whose premises the raids were conducted. A number of incriminating documents have also been found during the raids.\"When asked for more details on the raids, he said that they were busy examining the documents recovered from the offices of the realtors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13125083", "title": "Corruption watered down, government gets back siphoned money", "text": "RAJKOT: Rayabhai Zapadiya, 44, a resident of Veraval (Bhadli) village in Jasdan taluka of Rajkot district, recently became successful in his battle against corruption in the government department after over four years of fight, thanks to the Right To Information Act. Zapadiya, a class V dropout, works as an agricultural labourer in Veraval village.Zapadiya's queries under the RTI Act about corruption in the drinking water pipeline project in his village began in 2008. Hinglaj Majur Bandhkam Sahkari Mandli Ltd, which was awarded the contract to lay pipeline, has returned Rs 1.32 lakh, allegedly siphoned off by it in connivance with government officials, to the government treasury.\"I have been fighting a long and lonely battle against corrupt government officials. Finally, the truth has come out. My weapon was RTI Act,'' Zapadiya said.\"Government had sanctioned laying of a pipeline in our village to solve the drinking water crisis in 2007-08. The pipeline project was crucial for us. I found that the pipeline was not laid properly as per government regulations. I suspected corruption and started questioning the panchayat. However, I did not get proper answers. In June 2008, I used RTI Act for the first time to get answers to my questions,\" he said.When his appeal under the RTI Act reached Gujarat Information Commission, it ordered measurement of the pipeline in the presence of the complainant and concerned government officials. It was found that the length of the pipeline was 1,450 metres, width 0.60 metre and depth between 0.23 and 0.55 metre. However, the information furnished to the complainant in April 2010 had put the length of the pipeline at 2,380 metres, width 0.60 m and depth 0.90 m.District development officer, Rajkot, Nalin Upadhyay told TOI that the agency which was involved in the pipeline project has returned the money to the government and a departmental inquiry has been initiated against the additional assistant engineer of road and building department K G Sarvaiya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114404", "title": "Relax admission norms, SFI colleges tell govt", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If the department of technical education does not relax norms for pharmacy and engineering merit list, nearly 11,000 students will be left out from even making an attempt for these seats.Members of the Gujarat self-financed technical management institutes (GSTMI) urged senior officials in the government to allow them to consider marks of vocational courses marks of those students who have performed poorly in one of the three subjects - Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics (PCM). The members claimed that just because a student performs poorly in one of the three subjects he or she cannot make it to the merit list of various institutes.There are close to 3,000 students who have passed in all the three but have barely made it to 45 per cent, while there are more than 7,000 students in the state who have failed in Chemistry alone.While on one hand the All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has not only relaxed norms for students of open category to 45 per cent but also considers marks of vocational courses in case students who have failed in one of the three subjects and barely make it to the cut off percentage. \"The Gujarat government was quite forthcoming when it inculcated the AICTE merit system but has been avoiding considering marks of vocational courses for students who cannot make it to the cut-offs. We may approach the court to resolve the issue,\" says senior member of the GSTMI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115554", "title": "Indore Municipal Corporation to plant trees to raise ground water levels", "text": "INDORE: Worried over the depleting ground water level in the city area, the Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) has decided to undertake a tree plantation drive on a large scale to recharge the ground water. Plantation of trees with roots grow more than 10 feet deep from the surface can help in recharging during monsoon season, says environmentalist.Acting on the directives of Madhya Pradesh High Court, the IMC had called a meeting to discuss the ways and methods of water recharging on Saturday. Central Ground Water Board (CGWB) has already sounded an alarm on irrational exploitation of ground water in the region. Ground water-level receded below 250 feet in some parts forcing the district administration to announce a blanket ban on digging new tube wells now. This is when around 40% of the city population is still dependent on ground water for their daily needs.Deputy commissioner of IMC Ashok Kharate said that extensive plantation of selected species is the only solution to fight the menace. Dr Sudhir Khetawat, who had filed a PIL over plantation and water recharge, said, \"IMC has around 400 gardens and if they plant trees like Ashok, Neem, Jamun, Imli and the like on these gardens, it will help in water recharging.\" He said that roots of these trees directly grow deep downward, which is vital for water recharging.DFO Saeed Khan said that a plant has many environmental advantages and water recharging is one of them. There are certain plant species like Ashok and Neem with long roots help water recharging. Dr Khetawat said that over the period of time, large numbers of plants have been cut by the IMC for different purposes but it has not planted equivalent number of trees to compensate the loss and the absence of adequate tree cover it has affected the ground water level in the city. He said that there is a need to strictly follow the high court rule of planting trees in place of the felled ones.Secretary of Centre For Environment Protection Research &amp; Development (CEPRD) Narendra Surana said there is misconception that concrete roads are obstacle for water recharging.\"Hard soil and barren land cannot recharge ground water. It can be recharged by taking rain water to deep inside the earth which is possible either through trees or through some artificial methods,\" he said. He said that more than the concrete roads, deforestation of hills for mining has disturbed the natural process of water recharging. \"Ground water level could be found at 60 feet till 1962 but today it has gone below 250 feet,\" he said adding that more than 45,000 tube well have been come up over the years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116275", "title": "Now, 'blade man' targets schoolteacher", "text": "PATNA: After apparently taking a break for a few days, the \"blade man\" struck again on Saturday at Kaimashikoh locality under the City Chowk police station. The victim this time is a 22-year-old school teacher, Sujata Kumari.The incident took place at the busy Kaimashikoh locality when Sujata, a resident of Maroofganj Dalhatta, was on her way to school at around 8.30 am. Some teachers said Sujata that blood was oozing from her left hand when she reached school. She was taken to a nearby private clinic where she was given first aid.Agitated over the incident, locals blocked the main road at Hajiganj for about half-an-hour, demanding deployment of police in the locality. Later local police reached the spot and pacified the agitating mob.The blockade was lifted on the assurance of police officers to boost security in the area.City SP Kim said attack by the \"blade man\" had stopped during the past few days due to police efforts. She said the local police were probing the incident.Though the Patna police had made special arrangements, including deployment of police personnel in civvies and installing hidden cameras in the affected areas, to nab the \"blade man\",who has been carrying out his attacks without any fear.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13113943", "title": "Nagpur University releases timetable of new academic session", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University has released the timetable for the new academic session as well as for the summer and winter exams.According to the notification, all colleges affiliated to the varsity will reopen on June 11 until the session ends in April next year. The admission process will start in the first week of June and end on August 6. The last day for admission with prior permission of the vice-chancellor will be September 5.After the first term, Diwali vacations will commence from October 27. The second term will begin on November 27. The winter exams are scheduled to begin on October 10. The summer examinations will start from March 9, 2013 after which the students will be given a summer break from May 1 to June 15.The university has adopted the semester pattern for the first time in bachelor of engineering (first year). Accordingly, the first semester will commence from June 11 and will continue till October 26. The semester exams will start from October 10 after which the students will be a given a one-month holiday from October 26 to November 26.The second semester will begin from November 27 and will go on till April 30. The summer examinations will be held from April 16 after which the students will get a vacation from May 1 to June 15. The results involving both patterns will be declared as per the governing provisions of the Maharashtra University Act, 1994.The students are expected to submit their enrolment forms within 15 days. If they are admitted after the specified date or if they are not eligible, they will not be allowed to appear.Principals have been asked to forward the list of students within 15 days from the last date of admission. Heads of colleges have also been told to certify the number of teaching days during the academic session. Efforts should be made to achieve more than 180 teaching days and 90 days in the semester pattern, said the university.FACTS &amp; FIGURES* June 11: All colleges to start* June first week: Admission starts* Sept 6: Last day for admission* Oct 10: Winter exams begin* Oct 27: Diwali vacations start* Mar 9: Summer exams begin* May 1: Summer vacations start", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114136", "title": "Corporation to seek central aid for converting palace into museum", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The city corporation has entrusted artist and chairman of the Society for Protection of Cultural Heritage J Sashikumar with the job of preparing a project report to gain central grant for converting Thekke Kottaram (south palace) at Shanghumugham into a museum exploring the history of Travancore and Thiruvananthapuram Municipal Corporation down the ages.\"We are looking to get some sort of assistance from the ministry of culture. Restoration and painting of more than a century-old palace has been completed, only minor works remain. We chose Sashikumar to prepare the project report. He understands the Centre's requirements as he has done similar projects in the past for various other organiztations,\" said mayor K Chandrika. The only directive given by the corporation, who is the owner of the building, is that it should document the history of Travancore and the corporation.Sashikumar is presently doing a study on the history of the corporation and its definitive moments in Thiruvananthapuram's history. \"Ideally, I would like to develop the palace as a cultural research society that showcases the history of Travancore through works of great masters. It should include a cultural library and an auditorium to screen short films,\" said Sashikumar, who has directed a few documentaries on endangered art forms of Kerala.Shashikumar said the project report would be ready in two months and would contain everything from scaled-down versions of paintings to miniature sculptures. The corporation could also ask the tourism department for funding and the DPTC for around two cents of land adjacent to the palace to set up an open air auditorium where cultural shows could be held on a daily basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "13118495", "title": "Lasith Malinga in Sri Lankan central contract list", "text": "COLOMBO: Speedster Lasith Malinga , who is currently playing for Mumbai Indians in the Indian Premier League duty, has been placed in the top bracket of $100,000 in the central contracts announced by Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC).The fast bowler figures along side Mahela Jayawardene , Kumar Sangakkara , Tillakaratne Dilshan and Thilan Samaraweera in the central contracts, that will come into effect from June this year.Malinga, however, will be only entitled to $40,000 as his appearance would be limited to the Twenty20 and one-day cricket.The 28-year-old had earlier last year announced his retirement from the longer version of the game, blaming the SLC for failing to renew his contract.Malinga, who is said to be on a $1.1 million contract with Mumbai Indians in the IPL, had last month hinted that he may not sign up with the SLC, though, he would continue to make himself available for national selections.The category-2 of central contracts figures Nuwan Kulasekara, Angelo Mathews, Rangana Herath and Upul Tharanga, while category-3 is limited to wicketkeeper Prasanna Jayawardene.Tharanga Paranavitana, Suraj Randiv, Ajantha Mendis and Dinesh Chandimal are in category-4 followed by Dilhara Fernando , Chanaka Welegedara and Thisara Perera in category-5.Chamara Kapugedera, Suranga Lakmal and Lahiru Thirimanne have been placed at the bottom of the pedestal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115976", "title": "Portraits of 3 indomitable mothers", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal worships the Mother Goddess all 365 days. Still, the international Mother's Day allows many to show their appreciation towards mothers and mother figures. We join them to celebrate three of them.Debalina MazumdarAmong the women who changed societal notions in the second quarter of 20th century, Debalina Mazumdar had turned 92 on November 26, 2011. Her twin Manobina - had she lived on - would've attained that venerable age a day later. \"That's because I was born 15 minutes before midnight and Bina 15 minutes after,\" Linadi, who died on May 1, had explained. The identical twins had the same hobby - photography. \"We were 12 when our father gave us a box camera, on one condition: we'd develop our own photographs. We readily agreed because we loved taking photographs.\"The anecdote establishes that the Sen-Roy twins were photographers before Bina - or Manobina - married Bimal Roy. The celluloid master who'd started life as a photographer always carried a camera and took lots of portraits. \"He was passionate about it. Even family photographs were not mere snapshots - they'd a special character. So, when he joined New Theatres, every leading lady wanted to be photographed by him. But Bina and I shied of asking him for advice,\" she'd reminisced.\"When Bimalda saw photography was a serious interest with us, he advised us to see good photographs. He gave us a Kodak magazine, full of information about camera, lenses, rolls and also filled with images. That was a big education for us. We'd already acquired a sense about images, about subjects and lighting but his suggestions honed our senses and we learnt to train our cameras for better results.\"Thus had begun the journey that carved for Debalina a place in the annals of photography. Though not professional, she developed considerable proficiency and, like Manobina, was published in journals like The Illustrated Weekly of India. \"A good photograph is not dependent on a good camera but on a set of keen eyes,\" she'd said as the president of the Photography Association of Bengal. \"The same subject, the same light, even the same camera will yield completely disparate results in the hands of two different photographers.\"That's why 'Representing Indian Women 1875-1947', the captivating exhibition organised by Centre for Women's Development Studies, devoted a panel to her. Her images of Rabindranath getting out of his car in Santiniketan, or of the landmark Outram statue on the Red Road of 1940s may've turned hazy, but our image of her will remain bright.Amala ShankarAmala Shankar had long waited for the day when Kalpana would again enthrall the world. The dream comes true on Tuesday when - along with daughter Mamata and daughter-in-law Tanushree - she boards the flight to Nice. 'Kalpana', as conceived and directed by her husband Uday Shankar, will be screened in Classics section of the film festival on French Riviera.For years the 93-year-old's thought has devolved on restoring the 'Indian Treasure' last screened by NFAI at IFFI 2008. Amaladi spoke of it at CBFC meets, she spoke of it to the Bengal government, she spoke to names who count in Delhi... No one paid any heed to her pleas. Then, following a nudge from Pandit Ravi Shankar, Martin Scorcese appeared like a saviour. The founder chairman of World Cinema Foundation digitally restored the classic that'll \"finally reach the new generation who had no access to it until now!\" Amaladi exults.The family's joy is understandable. Uday Shankar had, after all, made his mark in the West before he came to be revered at home. Imitation was unacceptable to Uday Shankar who gave classical traditions a new life by casting them in a new mould. And Amala Nandi Shankar had partnered that journey. She was also the leading lady of Kalpana which, in 1948, had broken rules of cinema.Work on 'Kalpana' had begun when Guru Dutt \"used to train under my husband in Almora,\" Amaladi recollects. \"Guru would often prod my husband to direct a movie.\" When the shooting began in 1943 \"he assisted my husband who insisted on casting unknown faces. Vyjayanthimala's mother asked him to cast her but he refused. He told me to compose and sing and that's what I did.\"Most modern for its times, 'Kalpana' is perhaps the first dance ballet on screen. The first to have a lead actor doing Indian classical dance, it boasted Guru Dutt as AD and launched Padmini, then 17. While being shot at Gemini Studios it inspired S S Vasan's 'Chandralekha', which became a runaway hit while 'Kalpana' plummeted at the BO.That may be why Uday Shankar repeatedly edited 'Kalpana', leading to many versions of it. \"Few know that he thought he was too old to be dancing on screen,\" Mamata Shankar reportedly said. \"So after shooting 80 solo and partnered dance sequences he edited out nearly all of them. My mother insisted on putting some of his dance in.\" These could well be the only footage showing the pioneer dancer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114023", "title": "Don't decide on parole applications casually: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a strong rebuke to divisional commissioners, Aurangabad bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that they should apply their mind to the facts and materials before deciding on parole applications.\"Simply signing below the note put up by the clerk, countersigned by the tehsildar or deputy commissioner, may give rise to allegations that there was no application of mind on part of the divisional commissioner,\" a division bench of justices Naresh Patil and TV Nalawade stated. The court provided relief to petitioner Sitaram Gaware, who was lodged in the Aurangabad jail and whose application for parole was rejected by the divisional commissioner.The judges further directed the divisional commissioner to henceforth take note of the observations made by them and streamline the procedure of screening of such applicants. S/he was also told to pass appropriate orders on such applications, reflecting application of mind. \"The divisional commissioner is entitled to peruse the notes and endorsements put up by the subordinates. His application of mind shall be reflected in clear terms only if s/he puts opinion on the material placed before the authority concerned,\" the court said.The petitioner had applied for parole after which a note was put up by the clerk at divisional commissioner's office before the tehsildar. It was then circulated to deputy commissioner and ultimately to divisional commissioner for endorsement. The clerk made adverse remarks on the note that it would not be proper to release Gaware on parole. Accordingly, the commissioner rejected the petitioner's application on March 16.When petitioner challenged this order in the high court, the judges remarked that there was an abnormal delay in forwarding police report as noticed in several cases. \"On several occasions, this court has issued directions to the authorities to curb delay in forwarding report,\" the court observed.The commissioner's office then informed that he had taken serious note of the problem of late police reports that frustrate the rights of the prisoners and affect effective implementation of orders. Even the police were subsequently instructed that their reports should be faxed or e-mailed.The court directed the commissioner to re-appreciate Gaware's case and pass fresh order considering the past conduct of the petitioner who was released thrice on similar leave.The superintendent of police was told to comply with the instructions issued by the divisional commissioner in respect of forwarding the reports diligently on fax or e-mail in the future.(With inputs from Aarzoo Singh)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125286", "title": "Students give their teacher unique 'guru dakshina'", "text": "VADODARA: It was a unique 'guru dakshina' by 30 former students from Department of Graphic Arts to their teacher at M S University's Faculty of Fine Arts on Saturday. The students organized an art exhibition, which lays the foundation stone for a unique scholarship, to be instituted in the name of their teacher P D Dhumal, who will be retiring in June.The students from 1977 to 2012 batches, who were mentored, groomed and taught by Dhumal, hosted a surprise art exhibition, displaying 68 prints. These students have decided that the proceeds from the show will be used to start a scholarship.\"We wanted to do something special for Dhumal sir. He has been an incredible teacher whose student-friendly teaching style is greatly admired by all of us. So we all thought of putting together an art display bringing together works of 30 students from across the country,\" said head of the Department of Graphic Arts and former student Vijay Bagodi.These students have come out with an interesting booklet 'A tribute to our teacher and friend - Dhumal - Anant'. Each student describes him as a fabulous teacher who mentored his students with great love and care. Chakradhar Saswade writes, \"He is a perceptive and encouraging teacher, a concerned friend for his students and a dynamic and visionary leader.\"Bagodi said, \"When we were planning to put this show it had never occurred that we would raise money to start a grant to support artists. But now we plan to use the proceeds of this show as well as welcome donors to help us raise funds to start a scholarship programme which will be named after Dhumal sir\".The money raised will be used to support artists working in print making so that they can continue working in this medium.\"We want to encourage artists to carry on their artistic journey as a print maker and this fund will help them to continue their work,\" he added.While these former students were busy organizing this show for their teacher, Dhumal, who will be retiring on June 14, was left pleasantly surprised. \"I was zapped that these students organized such a big display of art works. As a teacher I am deeply touched with this gesture and it feels really good. I have been associated with graphic department for 36 years and have seen it evolve over the years,\" Dhumal said.Dhumal was a part of the first batch that graduated from the master's in print making from the faculty. \"From a student to becoming a teacher, I have a very special association with the department.I am happy to know that these former students are thinking of starting a scholarship to promote future print makers. This effort will help in encouraging print making as a medium of expression,\" Dhumal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115637", "title": "Just another day to remember the grievances", "text": "COIMBATORE: International Nurses Day went by on Saturday amidst nurses complaining about meagre salaries, long working hours and pathetic work environment. Though a prolonged strike by nurses at the PSG Hospital last month forced the spotlight on the grievances of the work force, nursing continues to be a thankless job with diminishing returns in Coimbatore.Many nurses and nursing students complain that their salaries are not enough to pay off the interest on their student loans. A nurse with a prominent city hospital said the interest on her loan alone comes to Rs 8,000, while her salary is a mere Rs 6,000. \"I pay for my accommodation and food from the salary and sent the rest home. We don't get to save a paisa. We know that the banks will come demanding the interest and the capital soon,\" she told this reporter in the middle of her 14-hour-long work schedule.While the National Board of Hospitals Administration, an accreditation body for hospitals, says the stipulated nurse-patient ratio must be one nurse per patient in Intensive Care Units (ICU), and one nurse per four patients in general wards, the average ratio in ICUs are one nurse for four or more patients, and in the general wards this goes to any number, nurses claimed.Hospital managements offer a different take. Dr L P Thangavelu, director of PPG Group of Institutions, and a president designate of IMA (Indian Medical Association), says the 'qualified' nurses are 'reasonable well-paid'. He said BSc nurses are not willing to work in mid-size hospitals and prefer bigger hospitals. \"So we have to employ diploma holders. A person with experience will be paid Rs 9,000 to Rs 10,000 ,\" he said.Many nurses hope to find work abroad so that they can earn better. But they are allowed to apply only after completing two years in hospitals here. One of the nurses told TOI that families would have exhausted their resources by the time one completes the studies and has done a stint in a hospital for a few years. Salaries are not enough to repay interest on bank loans. We are forced to seek help from banks again to fund our tickets and visas, she said.A nurse at KMCH (Kovai Medical College Hospital) says they had prepared a letter demanding better pay and benefits. \"The management indicated positively about considering our demands, and we are waiting with fingers crossed. We face the same conditions as PSG nurses,\" the nurse says. However, doctors like Dr Nalla G Palanisamy of KMCH claim that the quality of Indian nurses are so poor that many do not deserve a salary. So, nurses should not expect western standards in pay or work conditions, he said.The plight of the nurses is such that even trade union activists are reluctant to engage with their demands. \"As most nurses are women, they were reluctant to put up a fight. Unless they come forward, we cannot support them,\" says a union leader, who was involved in the nurses' strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13121805", "title": "Parliament resolves to uphold, maintain dignity", "text": "NEW DELHI: Parliament today resolved to uphold and maintain its dignity, sanctity and supremacy to make it an effective instrument of change and strengthen the democratic values and principles.Members of both Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha also resolved to enhance the accountability of government towards people through Parliament's oversight and rededicate themselves in the sacred task of nation building and noted that a lot more needs to be accomplished.The resolution, climaxing the day-long debate marking the 60th anniversary of the first sitting of Parliament, moved by Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar and chairman of Rajya Sabha Vice-President Hamid Ansari , was adopted unanimously by members by voice vote.\"We, the members ... do hereby solemnly reaffirm our total and abiding commitment to the ideals cherished by our founding fathers, and resolve:a) to uphold and maintain the dignity, sanctity and supremacy of Parliament;b) to make Parliament an effective instrument of change and to strengthen democratic values and principles;c) to enhance the accountability of the government towards the people through the oversight of Parliament, and;d) to rededicate ourselves completely to the sacred task of nation building,\" the resolution read.The two Houses recalled the immense sacrifices made by freedom fighters in the nation's struggle for independence and the stellar role played by the founding fathers of the Constitution in mandating equality, fraternity, justice, brotherhood of mankind and the uplift of under-privileged and down-trodden sections of society.Members also acknowledged with satisfaction and pride the maturity of the people of India who have cherished the democratic values and worked ceaselessly for the unity and integrity of the nation.They also noted that in the last 60 years, Parliament had through epoch-making laws, taken decisive steps towards ensuring equity and justice in all matters for establishing an inclusive society in pursuance of the deep faith and commitment to ideals enshrined in the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114798", "title": "Golf camps at Karma Lakelands in Gurgaon", "text": "NEW DELHI: John D Volz, former director of golf at CGR, will be organizing golf summer camps on May 19 &amp; 20 at Karma Lakelands, Gurgaon. The camps are for children aged 8 - 16 with some experience. There will be a maximum of 10 kids per camp, and will get four hours of instruction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114859", "title": "Two Nigerians held for duping Chennai businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two Nigerians were arrested along with two of their Indian accomplices for duping a Chennai-based businessman by promising him profitable returns in a venture.The two Nigerians - Moses Ojeaga, 43, and Idowu Osho, 46 - and Narender Sharma and Gurmeet Kohli were apprehended by the crime branch on Friday.Two laptops, four mobile phones, 90 packets of licorice seeds, among other things were seized by police.On May 5, the victim, an NRI who is in Chennai at present, lodged a complaint of being cheated of Rs 43.5 lakh. He alleged that in December 2010, he received a spam mail from Canada offering him a business deal in licorice seed; he replied in the affirmative the same day.The main accused, introducing himself as Terry John, gave him contact details of Delhi-based Roshan Verma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114318", "title": "Application sales push college earnings", "text": "HYDERABAD: City colleges seem to be laughing their way to the bank this admissions season and have their application forms to thank for the windfall with the hike in the price of forms serving to fill their coffers. The cost of application forms has steadily increased over the past four to five years, making applying to two or more courses an expensive affair.Students finishing their Intermediate or Class XII exams are encouraged to explore all options when it comes to choosing a college and selecting a course but may have to end up spending between Rs 2,000 to Rs 3,000 on the cost of application forms.Till five years back, the combined cost of a college application form along with the prospectus and additional registration ranged between Rs 100 and Rs 150. But, now, the cost of a form may range between Rs 300 and Rs 550 with college authorities blaming rising printing costs for the price escalation.At Loyola Degree College, students seeking admission are being asked to shell out Rs 550 for the application form, college prospectus and registration fee for all courses. Badruka College of Commerce and Arts charges Rs 350 for the same.Institutions like Kasturba Gandhi College, St Francis College and Bhavan's Vivekananda College are charging Rs 300 while Nizam College and Villa Marie College are charging Rs 200 to Rs 250 per form.When TOI enquired among the various degree colleges in the city about the prices of their admission forms and prospectus, several officials conveniently omitted the registration fee from the figures.It was only upon probing deeper that the total cost was revealed. While Villa Marie College and Kasturba Gandhi College, respectively, charge Rs 50 and Rs 60 towards registration fees, Bhavan's Vivekananda College and Badruka College charge Rs 100 and St Francis College, Rs 150.Some officials of colleges affiliated to Osmania University have even claimed that the amount collected trhough sale application forms goes to the university. However, Pratap Reddy, director of Academics and the Audit Cell at OU, denied any such practice.\"No such amount comes to OU. The colleges are only allowed to charge an amount which will allow them to recover expenditure on the admission process,\" he revealed.Many colleges in the city are cashing in on the tendency of students to try their luck in more than one course by making it compulsory to purchase a separate form for each course. Hema Yashaswini, who recently completed her Intermediate, said: \"I went to just two colleges and yet have already spent nearly Rs 1,000 towards application forms alone as I wanted to apply for both BCom and BBA courses.\"J Vani Sri, whose daughter is seeking admission in a city college, said: \"There are very few colleges in the city which offer the convenience of applying for more than one course in the same form or charge only half the amount for an additional form. The amount spent in simply purchasing applications now is at least Rs 2,000.\"Applicants looking to explore all possible alternatives are now considering a change in the current practice in order to minimize costs. Dheeraj Sai Sunder, another student applying to city colleges, said: \"Students definitely want to keep open as many options as possible. Although parents don't mind spending big amounts when it comes to choosing the right college and the right course, I am sure they definitely feel the pinch.\"Very often, as a second option, we buy the application form for a particular college which we never get around to filling up as our focus shifts away from that college. Maybe, from now on, we will have to be more careful about such things as it is getting just too expensive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13124739", "title": "RCB coach Prasad plans Mumbai's downfall at Chinnaswamy", "text": "BANGALORE: Royal Challengers Bangalore's bowling coach Venkatesh Prasad is hoping to achieve a first by beating Mumbai Indians when they clash in an Indian Premier League match on Monday.RCB have never beaten Mumbai at the M Chinnaswamy stadium in any of the IPL editions so far.\"I am sure we would like to change the stats by beating Mumbai in our backyard which we haven't done in any of the IPL matches played at Chinnaswamy stadium,\" Prasad told reporters at a pre-match press conference here.The former India pacer said RCB thinktank has closely watched Mumbai Indians approach against Kolkata Knight Riders last night and the team would chalk out a strategy before the game starts.In the last match against Mumbai at Wankhede Stadium, RCB bowlers, especially pacers Zaheer Khan and Vinay Kumar, exploited the juicy conditions early on by claiming three quick wickets, which laid the platform for their nine-wicket victory.\"We would like Zaheer and Vinay to do the same for the team if we are offered same conditions tomorrow. Whenever our bowlers have done well, we have been in good position to chase or defend the total,\" he said.\"In fact, Zaheer, Muttiah Muralitharan and Daniel Vettori have been excellent sharing their skills to young turks like Vinay, Harshin Patel and KP Apanna,\" Prasad said.Expressing happiness for having good back-up bowlers, Prasad said it was important for RCB to keep winning from here on, instead of brooding over the strengths and weaknesses of other teams.He also said that RCB would not like to change the batting order of AB de Villiers as he has seen the team home at death overs.\"AB is extremely effective towards the end. He is among few batsmen, who has got a fantastic hand-eye coordination along with nimble foot movements. He is far too ahead of others,\" he said.Even RCB is not planning to change the team composition by resting Murali as he had done exceedingly well in this IPL so far, Prasad said.\"It was magnanimous of Dan to drop himself, which was a very good move. Doing this as a captain is something brilliant,\" he said.Praising young RCB captain Virat Kohli for his leadership skills, Prasad said his bowling changes in last three games have been fantastic and is eager to listen to the coaches.\"He has been very vibrant too on the field,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13122297", "title": "Over Rs 13 lakh recovered from garbage dump", "text": "GUWAHATI: Based on information provided by an arrested thief, the Guwahati police today recovered cash worth Rs 13.29 lakh from a garbage dump at lower Assam's Barpeta district.Police said the money was recovered from a garbage dump behind the house of one Kishore Deka. Deka had been apprehended recently by the police here for stealing over Rs 21 lakh from an ATM at Guwahati's Gorchuk locality a few days back.At the time of arrest, police had recovered Rs 8 lakh from him. Based on his confession during interrogation, police today raided the house at Sarthebari in Barpeta and recovered the money. The notes of Rs 500 denomination, tied up in bundles, have been identified as ones stolen from the ATM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114271", "title": "Bike thief held in Bhandara", "text": "NAGPUR: Bhandara police has netted a bike thief last week and recovered around 18 stolen bikes from him.Police said accused Chhotu Sonkusre has confessed to have stolen five bikes from different parts of the city which included places like Dhantoli, Kotwali and Sitabuldi. Sonkusre is likely to be arrested by the different police stations. tnnSonkusre, a resident of Nandanvan, is expert in stealing bikes which he would often dispose off in other districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114609", "title": "Goa Cricket Association president Narvekar ousted in coup", "text": "PANAJI: Eleven of the fifteen managing committee members of the Goa Cricket Association sensationally joined hands in a coup, to oust president Dayanand Narvekar, in a resolution signed on Saturday.Narvekar has ruled GCA with an iron-fist since assuming charge for the first time in 1998. Since then, he has enjoyed uninterrupted and free reign except in 2009 when he, in an attempt to circumvent the rules, resigned six months prior to the elections, and then contested again. According to GCA rules, the president can only stay in power for two consecutive terms.\"We recommend to the general body, the expulsion of the president, Dayanand Narvekar, from the membership of GCA in view of his persistent activities detrimental to the interest of the association.\"We also resolve to exclude president Narvekar from the management of the association, pending the decision of his expulsion from the membership by the general body of the association,\" stated the resolution signed by 11 managing committee members on Saturday.The expulsion must be ratified by the general body of the association.The coming together of the managing committee members took Goan cricket by surprise as Narvekar was understood to enjoy the confidence of almost all members. The biggest surprise was that among the 11 revolting members was Sanjay Kanekar, a close confidant of Narvekar.Not surprisingly, Kanekar was the last to sign the resolution by circulation.\"Everything is being done in the best interest of Goan cricket. Narvekar has messed up Goan cricket and treats it as his personal property. We were all fed up and the coming together (of all members) is an indication of that,\" said a senior GCA member.The resolution has already been forwarded to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (Band as a first step, the managing committee will seek to postpone the elections scheduled for later this month. The managing committee -- to be now led by senior vice president Vinod Phadke -- meets on Monday.The state government had already turned the heat on Narvekar by instituting a two-member committee to investigate financial and administrative bunglings by the association. Narvekar has consistently avoided either meeting or answering the eight queries posted by the inquiry committee.The members who have signed the resolution include vice president Vinod Phadke, secretary Prasad Phaterpekar, treasurer Amresh Naik, Jamir Carol, Sudesh Prabhudesai, Megnath Shirodkar, Vivek Pednekar, Desh Kinelkar, Vilas Desai, Sharad Chopdekar and Sanjay Kanekar.The resolution will come into \"immediate effect\" and will be put up immediately in the next managing committee for rectification as per section 7-c-2VII of the memorandum of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13116087", "title": "7 Karnataka netas send resignation to BSY", "text": "BANGALORE: Creating a crisis for chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda, who has refused to convene a meeting of the BJP's legislature wing, seven ministers loyal to B S Yeddyurappa have handed over their resignation letters to the former CM.Saturday evening's development comes a day after the Supreme Court ordered a CBI inquiry into the alleged role of Yeddyurappa in illegal mining. The resignations are aimed at forcing Gowda to convene a meeting to discuss his March 26 letter to BJP president Nitin Gadkari . In his missive, Gowda had accused five ministers - all confidants of Yeddyurappa - of indulging in anti-party activity and demanded their expulsion from the party.The ministers who have handed Yeddyurappa their resignations are C M Udasi, Shobha Karandlaje, V Somanna, Murugesh R Nirani, Umesh V Katti, M P Renukacharya and Basavaraj Bommai. Apart from a BJP legislature party meeting, they want the central leadership to send a representative to Bangalore to hear their case.Agriculture minister Katti claimed two more ministers would resign on Monday. Doddappagouda Patil, an MLA loyal to Yeddyurappa, said 10 legislators would give their resignations to the former CM on Monday. When contacted, the former CM said no legislator had forwarded his/her resignation letter to him. However, other MLAs loyal to Yeddyurappa are worried about their political future. Unlike on Friday, the Lingayat strongman on Saturday preferred to have one-on-one meetings with a handful of legislators and ministers at his residence.Sensing trouble, Sadananda Gowda deputed law minister S Suresh Kumar to meet rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar at his residence. He later met a group of ministers including Bommai and Nirani at the Kumara Krupa guest house and asked them not to decide in haste. Before this, BJP organizing joint secretary V Sateesh met Yeddyurappa at his residence.The CBI probe against Yeddyurappa has brought Jagadish Shettar into focus. The rural development and panchayat raj minister is seen as the BJP's next Lingayat strongman. With Yeddyurappa facing the heatfrom courts, the party is left with no option but to project Shettar as a top leader.\"I have no idea about the move. I will obey the party diktat,\" Shettar told STOI when asked about talk of his elevation as deputy chief minister. The crisis in the party would be resolved soon, he added.Besides being loyal to the party, Shettar shares a good rapport with Yeddyurappa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114102", "title": "A flyover way above two flyovers!", "text": "BANGALORE: Perhaps nothing can beat this grandiose plan by the Bangalore Development Authority. The BDA has proposed a six-lane bi-directional flyover from Le Meridien to Cauvery junction, all the way up to CBI junction on Bellary Road.Nothing very wrong, except that the BDA's proposal means the elevated flyover will have to be constructed over and above the Windsor Manor rail line bridge and two other flyovers en route! It will have to scythe through the cityscape at least 8m above the Windsor Manor bridge, according to railway norms - which means it will stand 12.6m off the ground and be a rather elevated flyover.Last week, the BDA floated a tender to construct a six-lane bi-directional flyover at a cost of Rs 210 crore, from Le Meridien to beyond Cauvery junction, and another one from the Air Force main gate to beyond Cauvery junction, passing Sanjaynagar and the CBI junction on Bellary Road.The proposed six-lane flyover will overshadow the existing Windsor Manor railway bridge and the flyover before the BDA headquarters, thus creating a three-tier carriageway.What appears incongruous is that the proposed 2.5km flyover is said to be planned to alleviate the congestion at Cauvery junction and Mehkri Circle junction. It's not only dangerous and not feasible, but is also bound to create chaos for commuters.Abide member RK Misra said the project will connect the proposed signal-free corridor from Hosur Road to Bellary Road on NH-4. \"The budgeted project of the elevated highway from Hosur Road to Bellary Road includes the stretch from Le Meridien to CBI junction. But because the freshly tendered projects of BDA were those approved by the government long ago, the BDA can go ahead with these projects,\" said Misra.In reality, the motorway upgrade will only add to confusion on this stretch, that already has an underpass on Palace Road, carrying traffic from northern parts of the city to the central business district.While BDA commissioner Bharatlal Meena said he would speak on the issue on Sunday, engineer member on the BDA board T N Chikkarayappa chose not to take any calls from TOI.BDA has so far not contacted South Western Railways about the proposed project, though the flyover will go over the Windsor Manor railway track and bridge.\"We have no clue about the project. Technically speaking, the project can be made feasible only if it travels over and above the railway track. It should be a minimum of 8.14 metres above the railway track, meaning 12.6 metres above ground level,\" said Haribabu V, senior divisional engineer, South Western Railways.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119446", "title": "Javed has a lot in common with Kaifi Azmi: Shabana", "text": "Veteran actress Shabana Azmi , who is currently starring in a play on her father Kaifi Azmi, says her lyricist husband Javed Akhtar has lot in common with the late Urdu poet.Javed, 67, a poet himself, plays the part of Kaifi in the play alongside Shabana, who is essaying her mother Shaukat's role.The 61-year-old actress says she had no doubt about Javed playing the part of her father.\"Neither of us had any doubt about Javed sahab playing Kaifi. His sensibilities are exactly the same. My father and Javed come from the same background so they have the same sense of humour, they were interested in politics and Javed has been a public speaker even though he is not active,\" said Shabana, who was in the Capital last night with Javed to perform the play on Kaifi's 10th death anniversary.Kaifi Aur Main is a theatrical collage based on Kaifi and Shaukat. It traces the life of the duo from childhood, to their unusual romance culminating in a marriage that lasted 55 years.\"This is Kaifi sahab's 10th death anniversary and this play was performed as a tribute to him by IPTA of which my father was a president for a long time and my mother a leading actress.\"And as a tribute it was decided that we would stage something on his life so Javed sahab took portions from my mother Shaukat Azmi's book Yaad Ki Rehguzaar and took some portions from Kaifi sahab's various interviews and strung them together into a story,\" said Shabana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114000", "title": "Arundhati to lead Graceful Gulls", "text": "NAGPUR: Ace city shuttler Arundhati Pantawane was named as the captain of the Graceful Gulls team which will compete for the first time in the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL). It was announced by the Gracelands chairman, Shekhar Jadhao, in a press conference held here on Friday.\"Arundhati is our best player and we had no hesitation in appointing her as the skipper of the side. She is an experienced campaigner and can motivate her teammates with outstanding performance,\" said Jadhao.\"It is very proud feeling for us that as many as five Indian players are in our team. Nishad Dravid had played for India few years back. Arundhati is member of the senior Indian team, while Harsheel Dani, Shlok Ramchandran and Riya Pillai are the current members of the junior squad,\" added Jadhao.Arundhati, who had guided Inspiring Eagles to finish runners-up in the inaugural edition of MBL last year, was thrilled to lead the side.\"Ever since Gracelands bought the MBL franchise, I always wanted to play for Nagpur team. It was an honour to represent my hometown. I hope I live up to the expectations of the owners,\" said Arundhati, who was bought for Rs 78,000 in the players' auction held in Pune on May 6.The brand ambassador of Gracelands is optimistic about brilliant performance by Graceful Gulls in the MBL which will be held at PDMBA Sports Complex, Shivaji Nagar, Pune from May 26 to June 3.\"Basically we have a pretty young and balanced side with four teenagers. All these young players are doing very well on the national circuit. The other advantage of our team is that we have a very good coach in Mangirish Palekar. We should do well,\" said Arundhati.Directors of Gracelands Manan Bhondekar, Rajendra Gaekwad and Paresh Bhide were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114276", "title": "'Deewana Suresh' murder mystery leaves cops in tizzy", "text": "NAGPUR: The murder of a man in his mid 30s has left the Yashodhara Nagar police in a fix. The unidentified body, found on Saturday morning, was traced in an abandoned place behind a prominent liquor bar at Rani Durgavati Nagar chowk.Police are clueless about the identity of the victim who had several injury marks on his head, face and other parts of the body. He had two tattoos as well - Suresh written on the right hand along with the word 'Love' and another with a love sign and the word 'deewana' on the chest.With no wallet or mobile found on him, police have almost nothing to establish his identity except the tattoos. With just a pair of jeans, the top half of the body was bare.Yashodhara Nagar police rushed to the spot and found broken pieces of glass and blood stains which indicated that the body was dragged after a blow on the head caused the death.The place has a number of shops on the ground floor but no occupants in the rest of the building including the first and the second floor.The abandoned portion of the building seems like a hub for anti-social elements as empty beer bottles and cigarette stubs were found scattered all over the place.Talking to TOI, employees of the bar claimed to have no clue about the incident. \"We down the shutter by midnight and open the bar the following day. There was no fight in the bar nor in the vicinity and so we have no clue,\" said an employee at the cash counter.Senior inspector CN Deshmukh said that establishing the identity of the man is of importance. \"We are still not sure whether the man was killed elsewhere and dumped here or murdered at the spot,\" said Deshmukh.Cops have already alerted the police stations in the city as well as rural areas.Information was also collected from Kalamna and Pachpaoli police stations in order to zero in on someone who could provide a lead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ho chi minh city ( vietnam )", "code": "13122042", "title": "Parimarjan Negi is Asian chess champion", "text": "HO CHI MINH CITY ( Vietnam ): Grandmaster Parimarjan Negi won the Asian continental chess championship despite losing to AR Saleh Salem of UAE in the final round that concluded.Negi finished the tournament on 7 points and was tied for first place along with Yu Yangyi of China. But in their direct encounter earlier in the championship, Negi had beaten Yangyi, which helped him win the gold medal.It was a shocker for Negi in the last round as he misplayed a level position against Saleh from a Slav defense game. The middle game was intense after Saleh sacrificed a rook for a knight but the computer analysis suggested that it was an easy draw for Negi who lost his nerves.It was a day of heartbreaks for the other Indians. Mary Ann Gomes spoilt her chances of the gold medal in the women's champion for which a draw was enough against Tan Zhongyi of China. The Kolkata-based instead lost from a balanced middle game and could only finish on 2nd spot with her best tiebreak.The Indian's hopes of a rare double did not materialise but it was nevertheless a remarkable performance from Mary Ann who has been in her best form lately.Ending on the wrong side was Eesha Karavade who misplayed a completely winning position against eventual winner Irine Sukandar Kharisma of Indonesia . Kharisma won from a hopeless endgame which, on another day, Eesha could have won against any strong opponent.For the record, Yangyi finished second, repeating his performance from last year and the third spot was bagged by Saleh on 6.5 points. In the women's section, Tan Zhongyi finished third.Negi was at his best throughout barring the last round where nerves played some part. Thankfully for him, nothing was spoiled despite the loss as he added another feather to his cap.Seven wins and two losses was his eventual finish which says a lot about uncompromising play in the days when draw is considered a just result almost any day.Mary Ann Gomes had a sedate start but finished exceedingly well. Scoring five wins in a row she almost had the gold in her bag before the nasty slip.Amongst other Indians in the fray, national champion Abhijeet Gupta lost another game. M R Venkatesh and Vidit Gujarathi also could not complete their final grandmaster norms and will have to wait till the next event to be in the elite circles. The Indian bigwigs, Negi, Gupta and G N Gopal proceed to China from here to take part in the Asian team championship. Amongst the women, Tania Sachdev, Mary Ann and Eesha have to do the same.Results final round open (Indians unless stated): A R Salem Saleh (Uae, 6.5) beat Parimarjan Negi (7); Le Quang Liem (Vie, 5.5) drew with Yu Yangyi (Chn, 7); Vidit Santosh Gujrathi (5.5) drew with John Paul Gomez (Phi, 5.5); Xiu Deshun (Chn, 5.5) drew with M R Venkatesh (5.5); Wen Yang (Chn, 6) beat G N Gopal (4.5); Nguyen Duc Hoa (Vie, 5) beat Abhijeet Gupta (4); B Adhiban (5) beat Farid Firman Syah (Ina, 4); Nezad Husein Aziz (Qat, 4.5) drew with S P Sethuraman (4); Deepan Chakkravarthy (4) drew ith Le Quang Long (Vie, 4); Tran Tuan Minh (Vie, 3.5) drew with N Srinath (3.5). Women: Tan Zhongyi (Chn, 6.5) beat Mary Ann Gomes (6.5); Irine Sukandar Kharisma (Ina, 7) beat Eesha Karavade (5.5); Padmini Rout (5.5) lost to Wang Jue (Chn, 6.5); Le Thanh Tu (Vie, 5.5) lost to Ding Yixin (Chn, 6.5); Pham Le Thao Nguyen (vie, 5) drew with Tania Sachdev (5); Guo Qi (Chn, 5.5) beat Swathi Ghate (4.5); Ni Shiqun (Chn, 5) drew with Nisha Mohota (5); Nguyen Thi Mai Hung (Vie, 3.5) lost to B Pratyusha (4.5); Kiran Manisha Mohanty (4.5) had a bye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114152", "title": "Training on information delivery systems", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: International Centre for Free and Open Source Software (ICFOSS), Technopark and Centre for Development Studies, here are jointly organizing a three-day training programme on 'information delivery systems for academic and research institutions (IDSARI 1.0)' at Technopark, from July 11.The programme is aimed at equipping the staff of education and research institutions such as programmes/course co-ordinators, teachers, librarians and students in modern IT-based management courses.'Discover Japan' expo draws huge crowd THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The three-day cultural festival and industrial expo, 'Discover Japan' drew a huge crowd on the inaugural day itself. The festival coincides with the 60th anniversary of the Indo-Japan diplomatic relations.The event was inaugurated by industries minister P K Kunhalikutty in the presence of the Japanese delegation led by its Consul-General Masanori Nakano on Friday evening.The festival will conclude on Sunday. The food festival has an assorted platter for both the vegetarian and non-vegetarians. The vegetarian can have a plate with Miso soup, a salad, and Yakisoba deep fried noodles with vegetables. While non-vegetarians can have a rice bowl mixed with egg and soya sauce, sushi rice, Miso soup, a salad, and Yakisoba, all for Rs 100 a plate.The Industrial expo showcases energy efficient lamps by Energy Management Centre, coir products such as doormats and cushions by Coirfed, Gelixer Collagen preparation for healthy joints by Nitta Gelatin and promotion of voluntary blood donation with safe blood sachets by Terumo Penpol.The expo also features an ikebana and Bonsai exhibition. The festival will also stage a Karate demonstration and Origami, traditional Japanese art of paper folding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115215", "title": "New token system may end chaos", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The UT administration and the Chandigarh Municipal Corporation have put their act together with a view to address Punjab and Haryana high court's concern regarding decongestion of Sector 17. Taking a step to deal with the problem, the civic body has decided to replace the system of issuing of slips for parking vehicles with a token system in two main parking lots -Sahib Singh parking lot and Empire Store parking lot. This development comes following inspection of the lots by the amicus curiae appointed by the high court, besides officials of the engineering wing of the MC and traffic police officials on Saturday.In this new system, parking contractors will give tokens to commuters according to available slots to park vehicles. No vehicle will be allowed inside the parking lot, once the tokens get over. The contractors concerned have been apprised about this new system, which will start from Monday.SP, traffic, Manish Chaudhary said, \"A permanent solution to the problem of congestion lies in building multi-level parking lots and automatic parking lots for which MC has started working on. Till then we will have to look for a temporary measure to deal with the problem. Therefore, I have suggested for a token system as an immediate measure which we can implement with the help of MC. Traffic cops will penalize erring commuters. And the concerns of the high court will be addressed.\"Avtar Singh, in charge of the parking wing of the MC said, \"We have apprised the parking contractors' about the token system and will implement it from Monday.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115496", "title": "Rs 10-crore worth heroin seized from four train passengers", "text": "CHENNAI: Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) sleuths on Friday seized 6.4kg of heroin and arrested five people, including two women , for illegal drug trafficking. The seized narcotic is said to be worth around 10 crore in the international market.Acting on a tip-off that four people from Madhya Pradesh would come by train from Bhopal to hand over narcotic substances to a Sri Lankan in the city, officials began watching passengers at the Chennai Central station.On Friday, a DRI press release said, they intercepted Parameshwar, 59, Badhu Lal, 50, Unni Bai, 48, and Rekha , 50, who arrived by the Tamil Nadu Express at the Chennai Central station, each carrying a similar travel bag with a false bottom. Each bag contained 1.6kg of heroin, concealed in polythene bags. All four, who said they were from Mansur district in Madhya Pradesh, confessed to the crime but said they did not know who the consignment was meant for.Based on the information received form the four, the DRI sleuths later managed to arrest the Sri Lankan national, who was waiting in a car outside the railway station to receive the drug, and seized 4.3 lakh from him. All the five have been remanded in judicial custody. Intelligence officials suspect that the heroin was going to taken to Sri Lanka to be sold.DRI officials intercepted four people at Chennai central station, each carrying a similar bag with a false bottom. Each bag contained 1.6 kg of heroin, concealed in polythene bags", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115487", "title": "Schoolboy drowns in lake", "text": "CHENNAI: A 13-year-old boy, N Manickandan, drowned while swimming in a lake near Athipattu in Ambattur on Saturday. The boy, a Class 8 student of a school in Athipattu, went to the lake with friends for a picnic.When the other boys realized Manickandan was struggling in the lake, they tried to save him but failed. The body has been sent to the Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115828", "title": "Extra coaches in trains for railway exam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of rush of candidates for second phase of Group D examination of North Central Railway on Sunday, extra coaches will be added in some trains for the convenience of candidates.The examination will be conducted in two meetings. The first meeting will start at 9:30am and end at 12:30pm while the second meeting will be held from 2:30pm to 4:30pm. About 1.25 lakh candidates are expected to appear in the examination.In this connection, train number 54104 Allahabad-Chunar passenger will be extended upto Mughalsarai on May 13. Further, the train will halt at the stations of Kailhut, Ahraura Road, Jeonathpur and reach Mughalsarai at 11pm. One extra sleeper coach will be augmented in train number 15159 Sarnath Express leaving Chhapra. Further, an additional sleeper coach will be augmented in train numbers 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express on May 13. Additional rakes of train will also be stationed at Allahabad which would be used according to the requirement. The Group D examination is being conducted for the posts of assistant pointsman, gateman, porter, box porter, helper trackman, parcel porter office peons and peons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114368", "title": "Errors in papers mar Eamcet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Eamcet on Saturday was marred with errors in some of the engineering question papers. Experts claimed to have found at least four errors in engineering questions with three of them being major ones.The examination was held at 749 centres across the state and malpractices were reported in some districts like Kurnool, Kadapa and Hyderabad. The engineering examination saw an attendance of 96.4% with the medical stream recording 94% attendance.Experts from various coaching centres in the city reported errors in five questions in the physics paper of the maths, physics and chemistry (MPC) stream. Most of the errors were found in the English section of the question paper with the corresponding Telugu questions found to be error free.Experts said that in code D question paper, for questions 86 (on magnetism) and 93, the correct answers were not mentioned among the four options. Question 109 of the same code was wrong, experts claimed, as some of the values given were erroneous. Even question 116 was found to be ambiguous.Experts said that in MPC, the maths and physics sections were lengthy with many questions being of the sort that took up substantial amounts of time in a competitive exam.For medical candidates, it was the chemistry paper which was found to be tough. Eamcet convener MV Ramana Rao said that he has asked an expert panel to look into the allegations. \"Preliminary key for the examination will be released on Sunday and all stakeholders will be given one week to report errors,\" Rao said.Speaking at a news conference, Rao said that, at the Masters Junior College centre in Kurnool, a student had turned up for the exam with fake documents. \"He was given the fake documents by a management representative of the same college. It is reported that the same person provided fake documents to five others. A malpractice case has been booked and the matter is under investigation,\" Rao said.Cases of students missing the examination after reporting late at the centres, too, have come to light. \"It's a policy not to allow candidates inside the hall even one minute after the commencement of the test. Our estimate is that just about 15 candidates in the city would have missed the examination owing to this factor,\" Rao said. As compared to last year, the number of students writing the test has dropped by 1.5% for both the engineering and medical streams. A total of 3.7 lakh students had appeared for the engineering and medicaltests.Eamcet officials have not released the date of announcement of ranks. \"We have not got any directive from the government whether the marks should be announced on June 24 as had been earlier planned,\" said Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115104", "title": "Single mother, many facets", "text": "LUCKNOW: An independent woman Vera Singh found her happiness in a two-year-old baby girl whom she adopted a year back. The move assumes significance, as Vera is unmarried, but decided to go for adoption, a practice, with which many are not at all comfortable. However, Vera was fortunate as her family supported her decision. \"It was my choice to be a single mother,\" said Vera, who is from the entertainment industry.Like Vera there are many single women in the city, who are now coming forward to adopt babies. They include spinsters, widows and divorcees. It started in 2009 when first adoption by a single woman took place in the city. Since then, more than two dozen single women have adopted babies and the figure is rising.Asiya Raza, who runs a child adoption agency at Prag Narain Road said that the adoption figures of this year shows that there has been a considerable rise in the trend. \"So far there has been one adoption by single woman and three are in waiting, whereas last year only one such adoption took place through my agency,\" said Asiya.Similar responses were received from other child adoption agencies in the city. Manju Dubey, manager of Vardan, an orphanage in Indiranagar, said, \"Single women are adopting babies, because it make them feel complete.\" Apart from unmarried women, widows and divorcees who don't want to remarry opt to adopt babies to give purpose to their life and they also think that the child would be a support for them in their old age.It is not about adoption alone. In fact, women are now more assertive. For example Vera has not shut the door for marriage. \"I am waiting for an appropriate time and person, but one thing is clear, whosoever will marry me will also have to accept my daughter,\" she said.However, unlike Vera, Neelam Gulati had to face opposition from her family, when she decided to adopt a baby. But it could not discourage Neelam, a staunch follower of Swami Vivekanand. Instead of one, she has adopted three children -- two girls and a boy. She admitted that single women going for adoption are still looked down upon by majority people, but instead of hiding the fact the women should boldly face the opposition.A state government officer, requesting anonymity said, \"My adopted baby girl is 'special' because I chose her and she was not 'imposed upon' me through a wedlock\". In fact, the officer confessed that she had slipped into depression after her marriage failed, but adoption added \"meaning\" to her life.\"Initially, there was some resistance from my parents. It took me two years to convince them. They asked me to go for a boy who could support her in old age but I chose a girl, because I feel daughters are more responsible. Believe me, now everyone is happy. My little daughter, now three-years-old, has turned the home into a paradise,\" she said, and added, \"Earlier, life was dull, but now I am always in hurry to complete work and rush home as someone is waiting for me. Adoption is not a favour to an orphan child, but a gift which I got from the God.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13121474", "title": "Natasha settles for runner-up finish at ITF Women's Tennis", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian tennis player Natasha Palha suffered a straight-set defeat against Chinese Taipei's Lee Pei-Chi to settle for a runner-up finish at the ITF Women's Tennis Tournament on Sunday.The 18-year-old Natasha lost 4-6, 2-6 to Lee in a match that had to be stopped midway on Saturday because of rain and was completed this morning at the RK Khanna Tennis Stadium.Playing their first ITF final, both Lee and Natasha started out nervously. Lee with her flat ground strokes was sticking to her game plan of first strike tennis and was taking more chances than Natasha.Natasha, on the other hand, did extremely well to run down a lot of balls and tried to force Lee to go for more. The girls traded breaks of serves and the match was evenly poised at 4-4 in the first set.This is when Natasha became a bit more nervous and made some unforced errors to hand Lee the first set 6-4.At 1-1, 40-30 with Lee serving, the match was disrupted due to a massive dust storm followed by rain. The match had to be postponed.After the game resumed today, Lee came out firing and stuck to her game plan, whereas Natasha didn't make any tactical changes to upset Lee's rhythm.As Lee kept moving towards victory, Natasha seemed to get more nervous and started making a lot more unforced errors. Lee soon won the second set 6-2 to register her first win in professional tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13114334", "title": "Rohit's ton sets up big victory for Mumbai", "text": "KOLKATA: It needed a special effort from a special player to stop the Kolkata juggernaut in IPL 5. A full-to-the-brim Eden Gardens lamented the early departure of Sachin Tendulkar but lapped up every run scored by his protege Rohit Sharma in course of a sublime unbeaten 109 (60b, 12x4, 5x6) as Team Mumbai cruised to a 27-run victory on Saturday evening.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in Pics | Top performers of IPLRohit was the dominant partner in an unbeaten second-wicket stand of 168 with Herschelle Gibbs (66 not out, 58b, 7x4, 2x6), that gave Mumbai a bulky total of 182 for one. Kolkata, after losing both openers in the first two overs, were hardly ever in the chase and ended up with a timid 155 for four.The two welcome points took Mumbai's tally to 16 and pushed them ever so close to a last-four berth. Kolkata had their seven-match (six wins, one no-result) unbeaten run halted, but have enough (17) in the kitty to still target a top-two finish. The prolific Gambhir was due for a failure and it came on Saturday when he was castled by Munaf Patel in the innings' third ball. And when Manvinder Bisla perished in the next over, it was a big challenge for Jacques Kallis, Manoj Tiwary and Yusuf Pathan to make a match of it. They failed the test.The power-play overs were unproductive, as neither Kallis nor Tiwary got the volume of boundaries needed to stay in the hunt. Kallis (79 not out, 60b, 7x4, 3x6) upped the tempo a tad, but Pathan looked a strokeless wonder during his knock of unbeaten 40 (31 balls, 2x4, 1x6). It was just not good enough from a player who is in the team for his power batting.Harbhajan won a good toss and as expected opted to bat on a steamy afternoon. The surprise came in the form of Gibbs as Mumbai tried out their 11th overseas player of the season - the most by any team. He came in place of James Franklin .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115110", "title": "Four buses destroyed in fire", "text": "COIMBATORE: Fear engulfed the busy Kuniamauthur area around noon on Saturday when four buses parked inside a vehicle body building workshop completely destroyed in fire. Thick smoke emanated from the workshop located inside the busy residential area close to Palakkad Main Road made people panicky. Traffic on the highway was disrupted for more than an hour as people stopped their vehicles in the middle of the road and rush to the spot.There was no casualty as all the 15 workers at the unit were moved out immediately after the fire started. Fire fighters took more than one and half hour to douse the fire but could not save the buses from fire. One bus was partially burnt while four buses gutted fully.As per preliminary findings, sparks emanated during welding work had caused the fire. The Surya Body Building Workshop, where the buses gutted, was also damaged partially in the incident.According to Ammanulla Khan, a mechanic in the area, the fire started spreading from one of the buses at around 12 noon. \"We tried to extinguish fire by pouring water using buckets and pipes. But the fire spread fast and we were helpless,\" he said.Rahul Ram, who owns a painting shop nearby, said the five buses were kept there for maintenance works. Among the five, two buses were owned by the workshop owner. They were used as contract carriages for some local colleges. Two others buses were used as private transport buses while another one was a mini-bus. There estimated loss would be around Rs 50 lakh.According to an employee of the workshop, the area was engulfed in smoke and so they could not enter the unit to dowse the flame. He said that a major mishap was averted as the fuel tanks did not burst. \"There were gas cylinders nearby and we were lucky to prevent the fire from catching on to them,\" he said.A few buses were also parked in front of the unit but they were shifted to safer places before fire engulfing them.Coimbatore: Fear engulfed busy Kuniamauthur around noon on Saturday when four buses parked inside a body building centre destroyed fully in fire and another one partially. Thick smoke emanated from the workshop located inside a busy residential area located close to Palakkad Main Road and that made people panicky. Road transport in the busy highway got disrupted for over one hour as people stopped their vehicles in the middle of the road to rush to the incident spot.Casualty was avoided because all the 15 workers at the unit had moved out as soon as the fire started eating into the first bus. It was after laborious work for more than one and half hours, fire fighters were able to extinguish the fire and save at least one among the buses partially. As per preliminary findings, sparks emanated during welding work had caused the fire. Locals also joined hands with fire force officials to dowse the fire and to clear traffic in the road.The Surya Body Building Workshop, where the buses gutted, was also damaged partially in the incident. According to Ammanulla Khan, a mechanic in the vicinity, said fire started spreading from one of the buses at around 12 noon. \"We tried to extinguish the fire by pouring water using buckets and pipes. But the fire spread fast and we were helpless,\" he said.Rahul Ram, who owns a painting shop nearby, said that the five buses were kept there for maintenance and painting works. Among the five buses, two buses were owned by the workshop itself. They were used as contract carriages for some local colleges. Two others were used as private transport buses while another one was a mini-bus. There is estimated loss of around Rs 50 lakh.According to a worker there, the area was engulfed in smoke and so they could not enter the unit to dowse the falmes. He said that a major mishap was avoided as the fuel tanks did not burst. \"There were gas cylinders nearby and we were lucky to prevent the fire from catching on to them,\" he said.A few buses were parked in front of the unit but they were shifted to safer distances before fire engulfing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115092", "title": "BMW crash: 'Driver' applies for bail", "text": "GURGAON: A person claiming to be the driver of the BMW car that rammed a Tata Indigo on May 5 killing two persons moved an application for anticipatory bail in a city court on Saturday. Sources said an advocate filed the bail application for the man identified as Rajesh, and the chief judicial magistrate's court set Monday as the date for the hearing.However, Gurgaon police appeared to have reservations about this sudden development in the case. \"How can anybody take responsibility for someone else? We did not come across the name of Rajesh in our investigation. We want strong evidence from the car owner as early as possible to prove that there was a third person in the car,\" said Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (east) on Saturday.On Friday night, police had let off the car's owner, Devender Sehrawat, after questioning. He had promised to produce the driver of the BMW before them soon. \"The car owner and his son are not cooperating with the police in the investigation. They want to give a new twist to the matter, but we issued them a notice to join the police investigation. We want the third person, whether or not he was driving the car, along with proof that he was in the car when the accident took place,\" said Dayal.The accident took place near IFFCO Tower a week ago.The lack of progress in the case and Saturday's sudden development are troubling the relatives of Kshama Chopra Shetye, the pregnant woman killed in the accident, and her husband Shailesh Shetye, who is still in hospital with a broken pelvic bone.Shailesh's brother Siddesh said, \"He is traumatised by the loss of his wife. They had loved each other for 10 years.\"Siddesh and Geetu Chopra, Kshama's sister, want to know why police are taking so long to arrest the driver. \"We hope our family gets justice soon,\" said Geetu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115237", "title": "Noida I-T raids: Action to be taken against four officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state government on Saturday directed the Noida and Greater Noida authorities to initiate action against the four officers whose residence and offices were raided by the income tax department on Friday.Industrial and Infrastructure Development Commissioner A K Gupta told TOI that on the directions of the state government, he has asked the authorities to initiate punitive action against the officers whose name figure in the list of income tax department. He said that the government will also probe the matter and take suitable action.The I-T officials on Friday had carried out searches at the offices and residences of three general managers (GMs) of the Greater Noida Authority and a chief finance officer of the Noida Authority. These officers are said to be close to prominent people in the previous BSP government. The income tax department had also raided some establishments of the four builders.There are allegations that these officials gave undue clearance to projects, land allotment, tenders and payment to builders. The raids were said to have been conducted following complaints of irregularities in projects worth crores of rupees and amassing wealth more than the known sources of income.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114858", "title": "More pre-monsoon showers likely: India Meteorological Department", "text": "PUNE: Several parts of the city witnessed pre-monsoon showers on Saturday. The city is likely to receive pre-monsoon rainfall over the next couple of days, said officials from the India Meteorological Department (IMD).Karve Road, Fergusson College Road, Jangli Maharaj Road, Shivajinagar, Satara Road and nearby areas witnessed intermittent rainfall from around 4 pm till late evening.\"The trough/wind discontinuity now runs from east Uttar Pradesh to south Tamil Nadu, across east Madhya Pradesh, Vidarbha, Telangana and Rayalaseema,\" IMD officials said.They said that local conditions resulting from increased heat and humidity caused the rainfall. \"Rain or thundershowers may occur in some areas in the next 24 hours. Maximum and minimum temperatures will be around 38 degrees celsius and 22 degrees celsius respectively,\" the IMD forecast said.When asked about the forecast for monsoon arrival, the officials said that it was too early to predict the exact dates of monsoon arrival in the Bay of Bengal or Kerala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13115053", "title": "Radars to keep tabs on vehicle speed", "text": "BHOPAL: After rise in hit-and-run cases involving bikers, the traffic police will soon have speed radars to check the menace. As many as 269 people died in hit-and-run cases in Bhopal last year. Bikes form a bulk of over five lakh two-wheelers in Bhopal.The construction of BRTS corridor and rise in number of two and four-wheelers has added to chaos on roads of the state capital. In order to check the rash driving and traffic violations on roads, the traffic police have mooted a proposal of procuring speed radars for the city.Initially, battery-operated speed radars would be used to check speed limits mainly on well-maintained roads like VIP Road and Link Roads where bike riders in particular drive at a high-speed risking their and the lives of others, sources in the traffic department maintained. The traffic police also aim to fix the speed limit for different city streets once the work of BRTS gets complete.A proposal in this regard has been sent to the police headquarters from the district police recently. The deputy superintendent of police MS Chhari told TOI that a proposal has been sent to the PHQ. The price of speed radar varies from Rs 2.5 lakh to Rs 10 lakh. \"We have proposed to procure ten radars. Speed radar can be fixed in traffic police vans and can be installed on roads. It can measure the exact speed of running vehicles. Once the speed limit for different city streets is fixed, it will help penalize violators,\" Chari told TOI. Currently, speed limit is fixed only for selected streets, including link roads and the VIP road where a person can have a maximum speed of 60 kmph.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114909", "title": "Bus rapid transit trial: Traffic snarls vanish", "text": "NEW DELHI: A collective sigh of relief was heard on the BRT corridor on Saturday with the commencing of the last phase of the CRRI ( Central Road Research Institute) trials - creating normal road conditions with buses plying in the left lane. Signal cycles too were normalized and reduced to four changes as against seven or eight. This will continue till May 17.\"This stretch should always be like this, not just for a trial run. The BRT corridor has ruined it completely, but today we are happy. I travel regularly from Lajpat Nagar to Gurgaon and am always stuck in jams here. The BRT model makes sense in places like Europe where the density of buses is much higher as compared to private modes of transport,\" said Samat Kumar, a businessman.While car drivers were, quite understandably, happy, bus drivers too expressed satisfaction. Said Jaspal Singh Kapoor, who was at the wheel of a DTC bus: \"This system is a lot better than the earlier one. Buses should ply on the left and not in the centre. Though my speed was lower than usual while driving through the stretch, the waiting time at the signals was a lot lesser which is a relief.\"The signal cycles at each intersection has been reduced with only four signal changes now. While at the Chirag Dilli and Sheikh Sarai intersections, it has been kept at 240 seconds, at Siri Fort and Pushpa Bhawan intersections, it is 210 seconds. At Ambedkar Nagar intersection, the frequency is 180 seconds. \"Traffic flow has not been smooth like this for a long time. People just need to learn not to enter the wrong lane, when they have to turn right or left. Other than that, this is the best the corridor has seen in months,\" said a senior traffic police officer managing the Chirag Delhi intersection.\"We conducted a traffic simulation study before we changed the signal timings. We took into account the traffic flow, speed of individual vehicles, saturation at traffic signals, traffic volume and the results of the user opinion survey before coming up with the signal cycle. We will be giving the results of the traffic movement on the stretch before and after the trial and our suggestions in the report,\" said a senior CRRI official associated with the project.Commuters were visibly happy with the trial run. Said Manuj Ailawadhi, a businessman, \"I generally avoid this stretch altogether. It's absolutely horrible. They should have scrapped the corridor long ago. We have to wait for at least eight to nine minutes at each intersection; but today, I just zoomed through. Even the buses were travelling faster.\"\"I was waiting for days for this trial to start. Usually, it's a bad experience to travel on this route but today's trial run has been a much-needed relief. I am usually afraid to pass through this route and I have to travel regularly from Ghaziabad to my Saket office,\" said Ashok Jain, a chartered accountant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114884", "title": "Cellphone mechanic rapes girl, threatens to make her obscene MMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two girls were allegedly raped in the city on Friday. Police said in both cases, the accused were arrested. The first incident occurred in Adarsh Nagar where a 14-year-old Class IX student was raped by a cellphone mechanic. A police source said that the accused forced himself upon the victim by threatening to film her in the nude and make an obscene MMS out of it.In the other incident, a 10-year-old girl was raped near Kashmere Gate by a vagabond. Police later identified him as one Kamal Kant. The girl was later sent to the Naari Niketan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13121367", "title": "Kannada movie 'Katariveera' to be screened in Mangalore, Udupi only after editing", "text": "MANGALORE: The Vishwa Hindu Parishad (VHP) and Bajrang Dal will not allow screening of actor Upendra's 3-D movie 'Katariveera Surasundarangi' ' in the city till the edited version of the movie is released.Dal convener Sharan Pumpwell said: we will not object the movie being screened elsewhere in the state. But in Mangalore and Udupi where screening has been stopped on Saturday, we will allow the movie to run only after certain objectionable scenes in the film which are allegedly \"derogatory in nature\" are edited suitably.Producer of the movie Munirathna said that his discussions with Pejawar seer Vishweshatheertha early on Sunday morning was fruitful. The seer and others, who have objections to certain scenes, will be viewing the edited version of the movie on Thursday at Bangalore. If they are satisfied we will approach the censor board again for certification,'' he said.Munirathna said this exercise will cost them nothing less than Rs 10 lakh. The edited version will then be uploaded to the satellite for theatres to download.Munirathna approached the Seer after t he discussion between him and VHP, Bajrang Dal failed to produce any tangible solution. VHP vice president MB Puranik said that the movie had hurt their sentiments and they would not allow its exhibition without the required cuts being made to their satisfaction.Pejawar seer and Shiroor mutt Laxmivaratheertha seer were not available for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114272", "title": "Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority leases out same land 11 times", "text": "HYDERABAD: The ongoing G S Gupta-DLF controversy has another chapter of illegal dealings to it, this time involving a government body that broke its own rules. In reply to an RTI query, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has revealed that it re-leased an already leased out property (to G S Gupta and DLF) in Moosapet (Kukatpally) to 11 parties and raised a revenue close to Rs 53 lakh. The temporary leases were granted between April 2009 and December 2011.The land measuring up to 24 acres and 23 guntas (it was later remapped to be just about 15 acres) was in August 2008 rented out to DLF SPBL Developers Private Limited, a joint venture between DLF and a G S Gupta firm, by HMDA for the development of an integrated agriculture project. The lease, as per the agreement (a copy of it is in STOI's possession), was for a period of 33 years wherein the lessee would have to pay a monthly rental of Rs 39.64 lakh to HMDA. The joint venture company, however, failed to pay a single penny.\"It could be for this reason that HMDA decided to re-lease the land to other parties. But this is in violation of norms as a land already allotted to one party cannot be leased to a second party without the termination of the first agreement,\" explained an expert from the industry. In this particular case, HMDA terminated the lease only in 2011.The illegal allotments were made for various purposes, including fairs, circuses, exhibitions, school events and other commercial shows. While all the leases were short-term, spanning not more than two months, the HMDA collected rentals ranging anywhere between Rs 10,000 and Rs 8.6 lakh. The temporary lessees were given about three-four acres from within the property allotted to the joint venture. As per the lease deed between HMDA and DLF SPBL Developers, the 'lessor' (HMDA in this case) \"shall not be entitled to assign, sell or convey in any other manner the scheduled property to any third party during the term of the present lease\".M Ashok Kumar, estate officer of HMDA, brushed aside the issue and said that the leases were only \"temporary allotments\". Passing the buck on to the serving commissioners of the development authority, he said, \"Whoever was the head of the department during those years decided to raise revenue through such allotments. We were anyway not receiving any rent from the joint venture.\" The estate officer also added that several official communications demanding the lease amount were sent to the original lessee prior to renting out the space to third parties. The department, that recently got the land, plans to auction it soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114006", "title": "Tushar Khandker has no 'blues' about turf", "text": "NAGPUR: Tushar Khandker isn't an introvert. He fashions his wife's name on his forearm and, despite breathing in a country engulfed in cricket, he proudly chooses Dhyanchand over Sachin Tendulkar for the Bharat Ratna. No wonder, he brings his gritty-best approach on the field too.Blue is the colour for hockey in London and, albeit, there's a whole world of things being said about the same, Khandker isn't losing his sleep on it. \"Why should I? As far as I am concerned, I am absolutely fine with the blue turf. I am not finding any difficulties in spotting the ball and I am sure none of my teammates are either,\" said Khandker while talking to the TOI on the sidelines of BR Ambedkar All India Inter-School Hockey tournament, where he was the chief guest for the prize distribution function, on Saturday.There were also reports of the surface being a bit heavy. Khandker doesn't rule it out completely. \"Of course, the ball bumps a few times and it is a bit heavy. It's slower than the normal green top on which we play on. But that's the beauty of it. You need to adapt to the situation and once you get used to it, it's not unplayable,\" he added.Talking further on the upcoming London Olympics, Khandker, like most others, feels that India's strength lies in its rate to convert penalty corners. \"We are quite lucky to have fierce penalty corner experts in the likes of Sandeep Singh and VR Raghunath, who are in tremendous knick in the last few months. At the moment, our success ratio is really good when it comes to converting short corners. In modern day, you need to be good in short corners and we are hoping big things from out penalty specialists,\" said the Indian ace.Khandker also said that the Indians won't find it that difficult to acclimatize in London. \"We have recently played in France and Spain and there the temperatures were around 15-20 degree celsius. I've heard the weather will be the same in London too. Also, our fitness trainer David John is making sure we don't find it difficult to adapt to the conditions in the UK. John has been working hard in elevating our fitness levels as well,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13118803", "title": "Sarita Devi advances at World Boxing Championships", "text": "India had mixed luck on Day 2 of the 7th AIBA World Women Boxing Championships in progress at Qinhuangdao, China.Asian Championship 2012 Gold Medallist Sarita Devi advanced to the next round in the 60 kgs weight category by defeating Ayzanat Hajiyeva of Azerbaijan on points 27:11.The score line is not indicative of the level of competition as Sarita and Ayzanat were evenly matched at the end of round 1 wherein Sarita had taken a slender lead of 4:3.The Indian Camp was tense as it was anybody's bout with the game equally poised. However in round 2 Sarita changed her game plan and went on the offensive throughout the round, thereby notching up a remarkable lead at 15:12 pts.The Azeri boxer did respond with a couple of brilliant counterpunches but Sarita utilising her vast experience kept her at bay and ended round 3 at 22:8.In the final round both Sarita and Ayzanat fought extremely hard and Sarita romped home the Winner 27:11 pts.On 14 May 2012, Sarita will play against Gulsum Tatar of Turkey who has been seeded World No.2 at this Championships and had hence received a bye to the next round.In the 75 kgs weight category, Pooja Rani was defeated by a dazzling display of youth power, speed and controlled aggression by her opponent Claressa Maria Shields of USA who is just 17 years old and had defeated the World No.1 seed Mary Spencer of Canada last month.Pooja made a strong start in round 1 but yet trailed on points 7:3 at the end of the round. While Pooja did land a couple of telling blows on Claressa's face, the counter punches from the USA boxer were lightning fast and helped her to consolidate the lead to 14:5.By the end of round 3 the score was 21:7 and ended round 4 on points 27:11. The USA Coaches were of the opinion that Claressa would create ripples at this World Championships and may defeat top ranked boxers on her way.On Day 3, 13 May 2012, five Indian boxers will be seen in action. Mary Kom (51 kgs), Sonia Lather (54 kgs), Pinky Jhangra (48 kgs), Meena Rani (64 kgs) and Neetu Chahal (69 kgs) will be vying for a place in the next round.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13125452", "title": "Pinarayi Vijayan hits campaign trail", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A day after V S Achuthanandan fired a salvo at his long-time foe Pinarayi Vijayan in full media glare, the party state secretary reached Neyyattinkara to personally monitor the campaigning for the bypoll. He has decided to camp here for two days and attend 14 regional meetings of the party cadres.The meetings are attended by the booth and regional level leaders of the party. The idea is to bring in confidence among the cadres following the twin controversies caused due to the murder of T.P.Jayachandran and the public outburst made by Achuthanandan against the party secretary.Pinarayi Vijayan accompanied by LDF leaders like C Divakaran from CPI, NK Premachandran from the RSP, NK Saseendran from the NCP, Kadannappally Ramachandran of Congress (S) and V.Suredran Pillai of the Kerala Congress (anti-merger group) attended the meetings.Pinarayi Vijayan addressed the grass root level party leaders at Aralmmoodu, Perumbazhuthur, Chenkal, Udiyankulangara, Kulathoor and Uchakada. On Monday he would be attending the regional meetings at Athiyannoor, Nellimoodu, Neyyattinkara town, Amaravila, Chenkavila, Pazhaya Uchakada and Tirupuram.The party secretary has urged the party leaders here to intensify the campaigning in the bypoll since the party cannot afford to lose the seat. He has urged to go for door-to-door campaigning to explain the present political scenario.He has directed all the leaders not to get carried away with the public statements and media reports coming out against the party.The party top brass will be dissenting in Neyyattinkara in the coming days for strengthening the campaign since VS has given enough damage to the party's prospects in the bypoll here.A day after VS Achuthanandan fired a salvo at his long-time foe Pinarayi Vijayan in full media glare, the party state secretary reached Neyyattinkara to personally monitor the campaigning for the bypoll. He has decided to camp here for two days and attend 14 regional meetings of the party cadres.The meetings are attended by the booth and regional level leaders of the party. The idea is to bring in confidence among the cadres following the twin controversies caused due to the murder of T.P.Jayachandran and the public outburst made by Achuthanandan against the party secretary.Pinarayi Vijayan accompanied by LDF leaders like C Divakaran from CPI, NK Premachandran from the RSP, NK Saseendran from the NCP, Kadannappally Ramachandran of Congress (S) and V.Suredran Pillai of the Kerala Congress (anti-merger group) attended the meetings.Pinarayi Vijayan addressed the grass root level party leaders at Aralmmoodu, Perumbazhuthur, Chenkal, Udiyankulangara, Kulathoor and Uchakada. On Monday he would be attending the regional meetings at Athiyannoor, Nellimoodu, Neyyattinkara town, Amaravila, Chenkavila, Pazhaya Uchakada and Tirupuram.The party secretary has urged the party leaders here to intensify the campaigning in the bypoll since the party cannot afford to lose the seat. He has urged to go for door-to-door campaigning to explain the present political scenario. He has directed all the leaders not to get carried away with the public statements and media reports coming out against the party.All the top party heavy weights will be dissenting in Neyyattinkara in the coming days for strengthening the campaign since Achuthanandan has given enough damage to the party's prospects in the bypoll here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115241", "title": "Pilots blame airline management for \u2018spoiling matters\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Under fire from flyers, the government and the media for their agitation, Air India (AI) pilots on Saturday turned the heat on the airline management by questioning why it was in such a hurry to train Indian Airlines (IA) pilots on the Boeing 787 Dreamliner.In the last one week, six IA pilots have been sent for B787 training. \"The B787 training will cost the airline Rs 1 crore for an IA pilot and Rs 30 lakh for an AI pilot,'' said Capt Tauseef Mukadam, joint secretary of the Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG), the de-recognized union of the agitating lot, in a press conference on Saturday.The management had claimed it was acting on Supreme Court's orders. If AI pilots are to be believed, then the apex court never passed such orders.\"On Friday, the Supreme Court clarified that in its 23 April order, it did not issue any instructions on whom to send for the B787 training,'' Mukadam said. The order only gave the management the freedom to decide on the training till a final verdict is given by the Bombay high court in October.The B787 training for AI pilots, who fly Boeing aircraft, takes 30 days while its 165 days for IA pilots who fly Airbus. \"There is no dearth of Boeing pilots in AI,'' Mukadam added.Pointing out that AI \"pilots have been flying without salary for six months\", IPG president Jitendra Awhad said, \"Isn't it worth asking what happened suddenly that they are protesting?'' He spoke of a \"certain group in the airline management that spoiled matters\" and said the management did a U-turn on the agreement reached after five days of negotiations.Echoing Awhad's views, Mukadam said \"the minister and the airline chairman were being misled by some management officials''.IPG general secretary E A Kapadia said, \"We have no issues with IA pilots being sent on the Dreamliner. All we are asking for is parity in career progression.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13114615", "title": "Housing board slab comes crashing down in Davorlim", "text": "MARGAO: A portion of the concrete roof slab of a second floor flat at the Housing Board colony came down at Davorlim on Saturday morning, exposing the poor quality of the construction. No one was injured.This commercial-cum-residential complex was constructed in 1999 and was inaugurated by the then-chief minister Luizinho Faleiro in the presence of Ravi Naik , the then housing board minister.\"We had purchased this flat on the second floor of the complex in 2004. But to our surprise, the ceiling started leaking in the first rains despite the Mangalore tiles on the sloping slab of the building. Since then, we had been complaining to the housing board but our requests and pleas fell on deaf ears,\" said Sudhaker Naik, owner of the flat.\"After our repetitive efforts yielded no results, we called a private contractor to do the waterproofing of the roof. The contractor started the work today (Saturday). Soon after removing the Mangalore tiles the portion of the slab above the store room in the flat collapsed, showing the sky through the open gap,\" said Naik.Sandesh Kosambe of the Goa Housing Board's Margao office said, \"I have been recently transferred to the Margao office. Upon getting the information I rushed to the spot despite it being a holiday. I have inspected the slab and found that there is only sand in the concrete. Replacing the entire slab is the only remedy.\"\"I will report this matter to my higher-ups so that immediate steps can be taken to rectify the fault,\" added Kosambe.Elvis Gomes , managing director of Goa Housing Board, said, \"I will look into the matter and initiate an inquiry in the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13122111", "title": "Make 100 sittings a year mandatory, MPs demand", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Lok Sabha and Rajya Sabha today met especially to mark 60th anniversary of first sitting of Parliament, some members demanded making 100 working days a year mandatory.CPM leader Sitaram Yechury said in Rajya Sabha that 100 sittings of Parliament were necessary and regretted the fact that during the last two decades Parliament never sat for more than 100 days in a year while the British parliament on the other hand sits for at least 160 days a year.\"We seriously consider, through a constitutional amendment, if necessary, making it mandatory for 100 sittings a year. I think, that is necessary as a corrective step for the future,\" he said.He said the closest the Parliament sat for 100 days was in 1992 with 98 sittings.The 14th Lok Sabha, Yechury observed, was marked by the least in the Parliament history with 332 sittings with an average of 66 a year. \"Worst, 24 per cent of this time was lost due to disruptions and adjournments,\" he said.He held that unless Parliament sits for a longer duration, its vigilance over the government will not be effective.Rewati Raman Singh (SP) expressed similar sentiments in the Lok Sabha when he said that without holding 100 sittings per year, issues which members find necessary cannot be discussed. \"We need the sittings to increase from 70 to 100 per annum,\" he said.He claimed that state legislatures often follow the example set by Lok Sabha and hold not more than 30 sittings per annum.Jaswant Singh (BJP) lamented in Lok Sabha that a similar resolution adopted on September 1, 1997 is now part of the archives and a \"forgotten document\".Singh said the 1997 resolution also dealt with issues like importance of question hour, disruptions due to slogan shouting and interruptions. He hoped that today's resolution does not meet the same fate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13115364", "title": "Government seeks information on land allotment during Mayawati rule", "text": "NOIDA: Further tightening its noose on the 'questionable' actions and deals by the former BSP regime, the SP-led government has asked for details of some key land allotments in Noida during Mayawati's tenure. The Noida Authority has received a letter from the government, asking it to be submit all the particulars by May 16.The UP government plans to take action if any irregularities are found in the allotment of land under different categories like commercial, group housing and others. The recent visit by UP's industrial development commissioner for reviewing various projects has expedited the collection of data. Details of the allotment process and rate have been demanded. Beneficiaries of non-transparent allotment of land in prime locations in Noida are also under the government's scanner. These include a hotel in Sector 37, which has allegedly been built on gram sabha land, besides several other mega-projects involving builders' nexus with the former government.On Friday, the Noida Authority CEO, Sanjeev Saran, had directed that a committee be formed to probe allegations of corruption in sanctioning of nearly 150 projects over Rs 700 crore, which were all cleared during former CM Mayawati's regime.Saran had asked the committee to investigate all the projects worth more than Rs 1 crore, which were sanctioned up to December last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114780", "title": "Merces body is of Taleigao woman: Cops", "text": "PANAJI: The highly decomposed, naked body of a woman found in marshy land at the Merces bypass on Friday was identified to be that of 65-year-old Taleigao resident Maria Fernandes.Fernandes was missing from home since April 25 and a missing complaint was lodged with the Panaji police. \"The description of the victim matched with that of the missing person. Also, the description of the clothes and jewellery also matched,\" police said. Police suspect foul play as the woman was naked and her clothes were lying adjacent to the body. \"A murder case is registered and Old Goa police is investigating the matter from all angles,\" said police spokesperson John Aguiar. A widow, Fernandes, was residing in Taleigao along with her son. \"We are trying to investigate how she reached the spot where her body was found,\" a police official said. The autopsy report submitted by forensic doctors at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, said that the body was highly decomposed, but there appears no sign of earlier injury. The body was found in marshy land by two boys who had gone fishing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13116333", "title": "Ranjitsinh wished Bharat Ratna for Sayajirao III; many vow to work for it", "text": "VADODARA: In a year when the city began celebrations of the 150th birth anniversary of Maharaja Sayajirao Gaekwad III and lost his great grandson and scion of Gaekwad family, Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, a wish by the latter for Sayajirao is gaining prominence. As word spread regarding Ranjitsinh wishing that Sayajirao be honoured with Bharat Ratna, many have vowed to work for its fulfillment.Ranjitsinh had talked about the highest civilian honour for Sayajirao in interactions with prominent citizens of the city. The Federation of Gujarat Industries president Geeta Goradia recalls the scion mentioning this in January.All India Institute of Local Self-Government (AIILSG) that works with civic bodies across the country is also planning to take up the issue. It will use its linkages with these self-government bodies to press for the honour for Sayajirao.\"Ranjitsinh did not want any recognition for himself, but for Sayajirao who was much ahead of his time. Ranjitsinh had mentioned this when he alive and we will try to ensure that his wish is fulfilled,\" said director general of AIILSG Ranjit Chavan.He said Sayajirao's work for welfare of his state was very well-documented. \"He has left behind a legacy not only in Vadodara, but in several cities of Gujarat and outside. His reforms in the field of learning, art and culture as well as administration are exemplary,\" he said.Chavan said even today Sayajirao is known across the country. \"Cities like Aurangabad and Kolhapur are working to honour him in some way or the other. A book on the visionary was recently released in Aurangabad,\" he said.Added that they would try to create a lot of awareness across the nation about Sayajirao and his work, Chavan opined, \"A people's movement will definitely help the cause.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114696", "title": "Female feticide: Rajasthan has maximum cases but no conviction", "text": "JAIPUR: The setting up of a separate fast-track court for cases related to sex selection and other offences under the Pre-Conception, Pre-Natal and Diagnostics Techniques (PCPNDT) Act 1994 is expected to ensure speedy trial in 305 cases, which are still pending in various courts of the state.In the past two years, teams of health department had raided many sonography centres and clinics and filed 254 cases. Before 2010, as many as 54 cases were filed. A total of 308 cases have been filed so far, which are highest in the country.In fact, the state is far ahead of others in taking action against doctors and sonography centres for their alleged involvement in sex selection. Out of the total 18 doctors' licences suspended in the country, 8 of them are in Rajasthan, which is the highest figure.However, figures released till March 2012 by the Union government show no conviction in these cases. In states like Haryana, Maharashtra, Punjab, Gujarat, Madhya Pradesh , Orissa and Chandigarh, the number of convictions are 30, 37, 23, 4, 4, 3 and 1 respectively, but in Rajasthan, which filed the maximum cases in the country, no conviction has been reported till date as cases are pending in the courts. Out of 308 cases, three have been closed or decided but in none of the cases, there was conviction.In the entire country, 1,165 cases have been filed so far against doctors and sonography centres under the PCPNDT Act for allegedly being involved in sex selection and other offences. Out of these, as many as 337 cases have been decided or closed while the number of convictions are 102.Now the health department believes that since chief minister Ashok Gehlot and the high court chief justice have agreed for a separate fast-track court for such cases, more cases would be decided and the accused would be punished. Gehlot on Friday said during a meeting with NGOs that the state government would send a proposal to the chief justice for a fast-track court. He said that chief justice has agreed to set up a fast-track court.A health department official said that major work under the PCPNDT Act was done in the last three years as 308 cases were filed till May 2012. But till March 2009, the state government was almost inactive as upto March 2009, only 54 cases were registered under the PCPNDT Act, which include 50 cases of those which were results of sting operations conducted by a private channel in the state.So far, Maharashtra filed 275 cases, Punjab 117 cases till the end of March 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114718", "title": "Acquitted, but still referred to as 'blast wale'", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite the fact that 11 out of 14 accused were acquitted by a special court hearing the Jaipur blasts case on December 2011, they are yet to overcome the fear and torture they had faced during their jail stay. Even today, when they are free, many people call them \"blast wale\" and people still ostracize them.The 11 accused out of 14 were acquitted by a special court of Jaipur blast case on December, 9, 2011\"We were treated like criminals in jail and were tortured to the extent that we might have gone mad. Everybody in the jail used to call us 'blast wale', recalled Mohammed Sohail, a native of Jodhpur who was among the 11 persons who were acquitted.On the eve of four years from the dreadful day when 70 people lost their lives in the blasts, TOI spoke to all those who were acquitted after they had spent almost three-and-a-half years in jail.Asked how is life after the nightmare, Sohail, said: \"After I returned to Jodhpur, lot of problems were awaiting me. My son and daughter were asked to leave school. Nobody in Jodhpur gave me the work of marble grinding which was the only way to earn my bread and butter.\"\"Despite many bad experiences, some people were good to me and they helped in getting my children admitted back to school and got me the job I needed,\" he said.On a philosophical note, he said, \"Meri zindagi ke woh keemti saal to ab dobara nahin mil saktey (I can't get the precious years of my life back).Life has been a challenge for others too who were ostracized by the society even though they were acquitted by the court.\"Some people in our locality told their kids not to speak to our kids and not to speak to us since we were arrested in connection with the blasts case. Even after our acquittal, people are not ready to accept us as innocent,\" said Munnawar, one of the acquitted among 11 persons.Munnawar runs a tailor shop at Waft Nagar in Kota. \"During my jail stay, my family was running here and there to collect money for the legal process. After I am acquitted, life is full of struggle as I have to work to repay the loans taken by my family,\" he added.Other including Taufiq Qureshi, Ishaq Qureshi, Nadeem Akthar are trying to get their life back to normal.Many of them were also psychologically broken as they still experience the nightmare of being caught again. \"Mukhey to ab bhi kwaab aatey hain ki main jail main baitha hun (I still get dreams that I am in jail),\" Munawar added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115281", "title": "\u2018She takes the pressure off me\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"My mom is the biggest stress-buster in my life,\" quips Shiv Anant Tayal, the local lad who cracked civil services exams this year ranking 68.What makes his bond with mom special is the style in which she has been keeping him away from stress throughout his attempts for the Union Public Service Commission ( UPSC) exam. From \"cracking jokes\" to make him smile in a tense situation to standing with him like a strong pillar, his mother Kamini Tayal, a lecturer at MCM DAV College, has been doing it all.\"Her most innovative ways of making me laugh to beat stress is amazing. I call her the stress buster of my life,\" chuckles Shiv Anant.\"It's amazing to see how she has been juggling between Delhi and Chandigarh since my father was posted there. Moreover, she used to look after my sisters and me effortlessly. My mother's contribution has a lot to do with my success,\" he adds. \"Just her presence and by talking to her about my worries, I used to find a solution to my problems,\" he says. Years into the teaching profession, his mother narrates how she had to get out of the role of a teacher to guide him like a friend.\"Although I have been a teacher, I ensured that I was more of a mentor and guide to my son when it came to his preparation for civil services. The right kind of atmosphere is what a mother is expected to maintain at home,\" says Kamini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13114631", "title": "Siolkars save the day after fire strikes forest", "text": "MAPUSA: A huge fire in a private forest on the hill in Vaddy-Querem of Siolim village destroyed patches of vegetation but was brought under control after villagers alerted the police and fire services.The blaze burnt the grass and dry vegetation in nine patches in an area of about 1,200 sq m under survey No. 306/6. The locals suspect it might have been an intentional act of some vested interests, who are carving out forest land for commercial purposes.The hillside of Vaddy is witnessing rapid development activity and parts of areas under survey No. 306/9 have already been taken up for housing. In TOI's May 12 edition , it was reported that villagers had pointed out some irregularities, including cutting of terraces on the steep hill slope to open more area for housing .According to the villagers, the fire was noticed at around 9pm at night in a property bearing survey no 306, which is being identified as a private forest in Vaddy-Querem in Siolim.The residents called police control room and the fire brigade from Mapusa and the cops from Siolim outpost arrived and managed to douse the fire.The locals suspect it might have been an intentional act and has written to the forest department (RFO Karaswada) to inspect and take necessary action.\"Who else will plan to clear the forest areas, it is obviously the builders who with their vested interest are clearing the forest areas with covert attempts,\" said local Joseph Noronha.\"The forest identification committee of North Goa and village-level committees have conveniently ignored forest areas in Vaddy-Siolim and as a result they have not been identified as forests, thus making it easy for builders and those with vested interests to get licences for commercial constructions without any hassle,\" Noronha added.The villagers are aggrieved with the way commercial projects are planned in the densely-wooded areas of Vaddy-Siolim which have to be identified and notified as forest in order to protect and prevent their destruction by builders.\"We suspect that it was not the natural fire spread out but intentionally done to clear the forest land, we want the forest department to inspect the site and take necessary action,\" said another local Anthony D'Souza.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13115796", "title": "After barring Indian chefs, UK plans own curry colleges", "text": "LONDON: The British government has committed \u00a31.75 million to open five curry colleges to teach Britons how to cook Indian food. This became necessary after it effectively barred entry of chefs from the subcontinent as part of a policy to tighten immigration and reduce the number of settlers from outside the European Union.The colleges are aiming to take in 50 students in the first year, but quickly grow from that base.Suzy Jackson of the Hospitality Guild said, \"If recruits sign up to a curry college, they get six weeks of training which includes working in a kitchen. So it's real hands on stuff.They will then get a guaranteed interview with one of our employers, which could lead to a two-year apprenticeship and they will have then got a real good chance of getting a job.for life.\"But Indian restaurateur Rajesh Suri said it would be impossible to fill the jobs overnight. \"Training people takes three to four years.\"Indian restaurants and takeaways are a \u00a33billion business in Britain. At least 18 tonnes of chicken tikka masala - a British Asian creation - is devoured in about 15,000 such eateries. The chilled or frozen ready meal market is worth another \u00a32billion.Some restaurants have either closed or are in danger of doing so as they are struggling to staff their kitchens. As a solution, the British government wants them to accept graduates from the curry colleges.\"The immigration cap is a big blow to the industry. The local curry house has been hit the hardest. They are disappearing because people cannot get the staff,\" said Suri.Under the new immigration rules, chefs can only be recruited from abroad for posts paying over \u00a328,000 a year, exclusive of accommodation and meals. They must also have five or more year experience. \"We do not need executive head chefs, we need chefs who are going to do practical cooking,\" said Gulu Anand, a restaurant manager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "13114795", "title": "Two die in Ponda road mishaps", "text": "PONDA: Two persons, including a pedestrian, were killed in two separate road accidents in Ponda on Friday and Saturday.In the first mishap, Indrakumar Jadhav, 30, of Tisk-Usgao died on the spot after his truck dashed against a retaining wall at Dharbandora late Friday night. Jadhav was heading to Mollem when he lost control over the vehicle and his truck dashed against a retaining wall near Saraswati garage at Dharbandora.In the second mishap, Somanappa Lamani, 65, a native of Bijapur-Karnataka was fatally knocked down by a car at Curti-Ponda on Saturday afternoon. He was immediately rushed to the Ponda health centre, but died on the way. Ponda police have arrested the car driver Rajesh Kakodkar of Thane-Maharashtra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13125179", "title": "Tributes paid to social activist", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Noted social activist and a close associate of Jawahar Lal Nehru , Babu Gauri Shankar Srivastava was remembered on his death anniversary on Sunday. People paid homage to Gauri Shankar by paying floral tributes and attending an all-religion prayer meeting.Gauri Shankar was instrumental in giving the city MNNIT and MLN Medical College in Moti Lal Nehru birth centenary year programme in 1961. People attending the programme praised the efforts and initiatives taken by him.The speakers lamented that there is not a single memorial in honour of the social worker. It is unfortunate that despite several assurances by the mayor, no memorial has been constructed.The participants passed a resolution, demanding installation of a statue of Gauri Shankar. A delegation will meet the authorities in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13114745", "title": "25 persons, including 10 personnel, injured as groups clash", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Twenty five persons, including an ADSP and nine police personnel, were injured and 10 vehicles damaged in a clash between two communities at Panchalankurichi near here, police said today.More than 20 persons were detained today in connection with the clash which had broken out last night due to stampede in two separate queues during festival celebrations at Veerasakthi and Karuppusamy temples.Some miscreants pelted stones at the devotees in which ADSP Samiduraivelu, Satankulam DSP Rajagopal and eight policemen and 15 persons were injured. Police resorted to lathi-charge to disperse the crowd, sources said.Some festival ceremonies had to be stopped midway. Police are maintaining strict vigil in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115853", "title": "Minor girl, sister abducted, raped; victim still untraceable", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Tension prevailed at Jayantipur village on Friday afternoon when one of the two minor girls of the village, who had gone missing since March 21, returned home and narrated her tale of woes to her parents and neighbours.The girl alleged that she and her elder sister were forcibly taken away by three youths in a jeep and kept at an undisclosed spot for two months. During this period, the youths repeatedly raped them, she alleged.Somehow the younger sister managed to free herself from the clutches of the abductors and reached home. She said her elder is still in the custody of the abductors.The parents then informed the local police who arrived on the spot and recorded the statement of the minor girl and sent her for medical examination on Saturday.When contacted the Station Officer(SO) Tharwai police station, said that \" the medical examination of the victim has been conducted and the report is still awaited.The police are making efforts to trace the elder sister and arrest the abductors on the basis of information provided by the younger one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114585", "title": "Senior cops get lashing from DGP for 'reduced contact' with stations", "text": "PANAJI: Lashing out at his senior police officers, DGP Kishan Kumar said their \"reduced contact with police stations\" had led to \"reduced accountability\" among the stations' staff and a situation where \"there's not enough grassroots intelligence network\".Pointing out that police stations \"are where the public suffer maximum humiliation, harassment and insults\", Kumar stressed that this should change and emphasized that policemen should create an environment where the public feel \"assured, secure and confident\".Kumar was talking to SPs, DySPs and police station in-charges at a meeting at police headquarters on Friday. Sources present at the meeting told STOI that the DGP lashed out at them saying their reduced contact with police stations had led to the staff at the stations acting as per their whims and had reduced accountability among them.\"The DGP further said that intelligence is a major force multiplier but, unfortunately, police here, in general, have not realized this. He said he wants to develop a grassroots-level intelligence network,\" said sources.When contacted, Kumar said, \"I want my men to perform, and to ensure this I will be personally visiting one police station everyday and holding discussions with the staff and looking into the progress of investigations in sensitive cases. I have visited Old Goa and Vasco police stations since Friday.\"Expressing displeasure over the failure to crack down on the gang impersonating policemen and robbing old women of their gold jewellery, Kumar told the meeting that this was a failure of the local intelligence branch (LIB). Every police station has an LIB.\"The DGP called the local intelligence gathering in police stations very poor and said the staff wasn't aware about basic ground realities,\" said sources. Goa police have claimed that an Iranian gang is behind the impersonation-robberies.Sources said that to change Goa's policing scenario, the DGP has set four targets for 2012-2013-community policing, developing grassroots level intelligence network, having people-friendly police stations and integrated patrolling.\"The DGP emphasized the need to draw strength and support from citizens and said that while police are duty-bound to uphold the rule of law this is not possible without the active support and involvement of people. He also asked police station in-charges to ensure their stations are people-friendly. And he asked SPs to closely supervize the integrated patrolling scheme,\" said sources.Times ViewThe police chief's demand of accountability from his senior officers has the potential to improve policing manifold, provided those whose positions are backed by political patronage, too, fall in line. For this the home department has to solidly back the DGP, a situation not always in sync under the previous regime. As for citizen-support, that will automatically follow if the men in khaki respect the law-abiding common man who comes to them for protection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114999", "title": "Officials, ex-students of Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology in slugfest", "text": "BHOPAL: The Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT) authorities and a group of its former students are in a face-off over running the alumni association of the institute. The ex-students group led by a city-based businessman, Bhupendra Gupta, claimed that the alumni coordination cell run by the MANIT is invalid.\"MANIT authorities formed the alumni association, which does not fulfill the criteria to run the association in the institute. They have even involved the present students in the alumni association,\" said Gupta questioning the validity of the alumni association. Talking about the alumni association run by him under the MACT Alumni for Social Initiatives (MACI), Gupta said they organised an on-line poll for electing the office bearers.\"Our on-line election process ended on Saturday. There was an overwhelming response from across the world,\" Gupta claimed. He said it was for the first time that an on-line election was held. Gupta added that several personalities including vice-president of HEG, Mukesh Shrivastava, renowned architect Ajay Singh Chauhan and others are associated with the association run by him.Gupta added that MACI has been involved in several social works whereas the one run by the authorities at the MANIT has hardly done any work in the recent past. \"We helped students and raised voice against the wrongdoings by the MANIT authorities when jaundice broke out in the institute's hostels,\" Gupta claimed. According to sources at the MANIT, director Appu Kuttan also tried to resolve the issues prevailed between the two alumni associations.When contacted, coordinator of the alumni coordination cell and a senior faculty, G Dixit said the alumni run by the institute is the only valid association and official alumni of the MANIT. \"Even in Bhopal, several former students of MANIT have formed their own alumni associations. We can't stop anyone from functioning. However, the one run by the institute is the only valid and official alumni association of the MANIT,\" Dixit claimed. However, he said any alumni wished to join the MANIT's official association was free to join them.MANIT director Dr Appu Kuttan formally inaugurated the alumni co-ordination cell on April 30. Appu Kuttan is the chairman of the cell as well. It was claimed that the cell aims to foster alumni relation with the college and strengthen the alumni-student interaction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115614", "title": "Notice boards about old mayors, civic officials still on display", "text": "NASHIK: Even three months after the municipal polls, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has not only failed to remove notice boards displaying the names and addresses of former civic leaders like the mayor, deputy mayor, and standing committee chairman, but is also ignorant about it.The NMC boards indicating the residences of the former mayor, deputy mayor and standing committee chairman have not been removed by the administration despite the election being over three months back. But the administration is ignorant about it. Ironically, no such boards have been created for the newly elected civic leaders.Two boards at Lam Road point to former mayor Naina Gholap's residence. The board does not mention her name but it has been in existence from the time she was elected as mayor. One board indicates former deputy mayor Devyani Pharande's residence at Gangapur Road, near Chopda Lawns, and one indicates former chairman of the standing committee Ranjit Nagarkar's residence behind Bytco College, off the Nashik-Pune Highway. Most striking, however, is the board near former standing committee chairman Sanjay Chavan's place at Budhwar Peth. Chavan was the chairman of the standing committee in the year 2009.When city engineer Sunil Khune was asked why the boards have not yet been removed, he admitted ignorance about their existence. He did not have an explanation for why the boards still existed but promised to direct his staff to remove the boards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115683", "title": "Restart mining work: Sand mine workers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Hundreds of sand mine workers held a meeting in village Kanjasa to chalk out strategy to fight for restarting sand mining work which has been stopped by Allahabad and Kaushambi administration. Sand workers said they will meet district magistrate Anil Kumar on the issue and if he fails to address their problem, they will hold a public meeting in Ghoorpur on May 15 to press upon the state government not to deprive them of their livelihood, said general secretary, All India Kisan Mazdoor Sabha (AIKMS) Kaushambi Phulchand Nishad.He said more than one lakh sand workers have been rendered jobless and are facing starvation. AIKMS has demanded immediate release of mining permits to boatmen under the UP Minor Minerals Concession Rules 1963 and grant of ravannas to boatmen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13120622", "title": "Sridevi makes Satyamev Jayate special", "text": "While the first episode of Satyamev Jayate dealt with the issue of female foeticide, the second dealt with child abuse.However, there was exceitement on this otherwise hard-hitting show thanks to Sridevi who was present and lent support to the cause being discussed.Harish Aiyer, a victim of child abuse who narrated his tale on Satyamev Jayate, narrated to host Aamir Khan incidents of his unpleasant past, and said how cinema and his pet helped him get over his trauma.When he said that Sridevi was his fevourite actress, Aamir organised for Sridevi to be on the show, and Harish was more than happy about the arrangement. Sridevi chatted with him once the show was over, and Harish hasn't been more thrilled ever since.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114273", "title": "Sharad Pawar slammed for opposing governor's powers", "text": "NAGPUR: A day after the Nationalist Congress Party supremo Sharad Pawar's remarks opposing the creation of statutory development boards Under Article 371(2) of Constitution appeared in the media, leaders cutting party lines in Vidarbha slammed him for it.\"The remarks show Pawar in his true colour. He has always opposed development of Vidarbha and along with other influential leaders of western Maharashtra has been responsible for diversion of funds meant for this region,\" BJP MLA Devendra Fadnavis told TOI.Pawar was quoted in media reports saying that creation of the development boards (some 25 years ago, when he was the state chief minister) was a wrong decision. This was because Art 371 (2) under which boards were set up, bestowed special powers to the governor of the state to allocate on top priority budgetary funds towards measures to remove the developmental backlog. He had also remarked that the then Union minister Shankarrao Chavan had tried his best to stall creation of the boards.Fadnavis said: \"Far from it, Shankarrao had in 2001 welcomed creation of the boards saying it would do good to backward regions like Vidarbha and Marathwada. He had also repented having opposed the move. I have strong suspicions that Pawar is now attacking governor Sankaranarayanan repeatedly because he is not allowing diversion of funds in the name of drought. In 2005 such a diversion was allowed by the then governor who was pliable to powerful leaders from there. Apparently, the current governor is not allowing that and is facing flak from Pawar.\"City MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar stressed that he deferred from Pawar's views on the matter. \"In keeping with the spirit of Nagpur Pact, statutory development boards were created to address the perception of injustice towards Vidarbha which had to merge with Maharashtra in 1960 against the wishes of people of the region. In fact, Vidarbha continued to suffer as governors who succeeded PC Alexander in the 90s were not allowed to implement their special powers because of political pressure from leaders of western Maharashtra,\" said the Congress leader.Expert member of the Vidarbha development board, Madhukar Kimmatkar strongly refuted Pawar's allegations that the governors were doing undue favours to the backward regions. \"It's totally untrue. In fact, Vidarbha and Marathwada have serious grievance that funds allocated under his powers by the governor were wilfully diverted to the more developed western Maharashtra,\" said Kimmatkar.\"If Pawar is pained that irrigation facilities did not come up in Vidarbha despite all the funding, his party (NCP) which has been handling irrigation portfolio is to blame for the shoddy work,\" said the pro-Vidarbha leader. \"I have studied the issue deeply for years and I have no doubt that Pawar's fears that Vidarbha and Marathwada are being given more than their due are ill-founded. These backward regions have been victims of political neglect and need more support to come on par with western Maharashtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115061", "title": "BSP slams govt for scrapping dalit schemes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Slamming chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and the Samajwadi Party government for scrapping schemes launched by the previous Mayawati regime, the opposition Bahujan Samaj Party on Saturday asked it to review its decision.\"Besides cancelling various schemes, the SP government has renamed Dr Ambedkar Samagra Gram Vikas Yojna after socialist thinker Ram Manohar Lohia. \"This is not only unfortunate, but also amounts to showing disrespect to Dr Ambedkar,\" said Swami Prasad Maurya and Naseemuddin Siddiqui at a press conference. The UP cabinet had on Friday decided to discontinue 26 schemes and projects named after dalit icons introduced by the Mayawati government.Maurya and Siddiqui, leaders of the opposition in the Vidhan Sabha and the Vidhan Parishad respectively, said that their party would raise the issue in the upcoming state assembly session. They said that the schemes meant for upliftment of villages had been discontinued. In case, the government does not review its decision and continues to ignore the poor, people would teach it a lesson at an appropriate time, the BSP leaders said.On changing the name of the scheme after Ram Manohar Lohia , they said that the BSP respects Lohia and has no objections, if the SP government wants to start any scheme in his name, but for that it is not necessary to drop name of Ambedkar.Siddiqui alleged that brass gates, sandstone grills and other things, part of various projects of Mayawati, had been found missing.His efforts to draw the attention of senior officials in this regard had proved futile, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115634", "title": "3 killed by lightning in south Tamil Nadu", "text": "MADURAI: Three persons, including two women , were killed when lightning struck them at different places in Madurai and Virudhunagar districts on Friday night, police said.A 50-year old farmer, taking shelter from a hailstorm, was killed on the spot at Chennareddypatti while a 48-year-old woman and four sheep were struck to death by lightning at Salvarpatti in the district.In Narikudi in Virudhunagar district, a woman and 12 goats were killed when lightning struck them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115433", "title": "Birds bear brunt of change in weather", "text": "NASHIK: Heavy rains on Friday evening not just threw life in the city out of gear but also injured some birds. The birds have been rescued by citizens and animal activists and are under treatment. The sudden downpour on Friday shook life out of normalcy for birds. Some birds sustained injuries while some were in a state of shock. The birds are now undergoing treatment and are being cared for by veterinary doctors and animal activists.Two baby sparrow hawks were rescued by animal lovers from the premises of the telephone exchange at Canada Corner after the rains receded on Friday. Animal activists said a big tree these birds had built nests on had fallen due to the storm. The hawks were in a state of shock and one is injured. \"Its legs have been injured and it has become partially paralytic. It is doubtful if it will recover from its injuries. We are doing our best,\" said veterinarian Dr Sanjay Gaikwad., at the veterinary polyclinic, Ashok Stambh.One baby Ibis was rescued by a child, Atharva Kulkarni, and his father, Avinash, outside their house near Prasad Mangal Karyalaya, off Gangapur Road. Dr Gaikwad said the Ibis had a leg injury and is under treatment. One black kite that was in a state of shock near Sadguru Nagar is also recovering. Dr Gaikwad said that the bird was drenched in the rain.Two baby owls, one from Panchvati and one from Ambad, have been rescued and brought to animal shelter, Sharan, where they are recovering. They were displaced from their shelters due to the rains.One cobra was stuck in a hole on Friday evening. Animal activists said the hole was filled with water and the snake got half stuck in the muddy hole while trying to kill a rat. Sarpa Mitra Manish Godbole pulled it out and took it to a veterinary polyclinic immediately, where Dr Gaikwad operated on it late on Friday night and took the rat out of its system. \"Because the cobra got stuck in the hole, the rat had not been completely swallowed. When the snake was pulled out, it had a swelling where the rat was stuck. It was in discomfort. We had to take the rat out,\" said Dr Gaikwad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114097", "title": "Mom gifts a second life to 10-year-old", "text": "BANGALORE: This mother gave not just one life to her child, but two.Ten-year-old Harshita, a Class IV student was diagnosed with jaundice in March this year, following which her liver developed severe complications and was damaged. It required another liver to revive her. Her 35-year-old mother Manjula did not think twice before donating a part of her liver to her daughter.\"The incidence of William's Disease is about 30 per million globally. The liver becomes cirrhotic due to copper deposition, and then, it fails. Harshitha was very sick and required an immediate liver transplant. Cadaver donors are difficult to come by and time was running out for the little girl,\" said Dr Sonal Asthana, chief liver transplant surgeon at BGS Hospital.\"As cadaver donation (organ donated by a brain dead person) would have taken some time, our first option was to get a donation from a family member. We spoke to the parents and explained the procedure to them. We also told them that if a part of the liver is chopped off, it grows back fully within six months. Harshitha's mother immediately agreed to donate her liver,\" said Dr Asthana.Manjula underwent a blood test; her blood group matched with Harshitha. Various tests followed and she was found to be a suitable donor. The government body/committee met in an emergency session to consider and clear the girl's case, as this was the only way she could be saved.\"The procedure of a liver transplant is safe but lengthy. The girl suffered acute failure, so we had to do something in 48 hours. We chopped 40% of the mother's liver and planted it in Harshitha. The mother and daughter are doing fine. About 90% of Manjula's chopped liver would grow back in the next 4 weeks and rest in 6 months,\" explained Dr Asthana.Manjula and Anand R, a travel agent, got two daughters. Their younger daughter Yashshwini is 7 years old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114543", "title": "HC stays dismantling of ships at Sachana yard", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has stayed ship-breaking activity at the Sachana in Jamnagar district over the state forest department's objection that the yards do not have environment clearance.Justice S R Brahmbhatt ordered after the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) failed to satisfactorily reply to certain queries posed by the forest department regarding the location of the yard. The foresters have been maintaining that the ship-breaking activities are taking place not only on forest land, but the newly added three yards fall in the Marine National Park.The ship-breaking business at Sachana port has been going on since 1977. Till 1984, there were only six yards, but thereafter it became15. Recently, it has increased to 18. Addition of these three yards alarmed the forest authorities and they ordered all ship breakers to stop the activity with immediate effect in absence of environment clearance.As the issue reached to the high court, the GMB supported ship breakers and disputed forest department's claims about the limit of the marine park. It also argued that the notification declaring the port limit and ship-breaking yards was issued prior to the declaration of forest area. It also contended that the forest department's claims were not even substantiated by any map, but activities in the three new plots were stopped after the forest department's directives.However, during the proceeding, Justice Brahmbhatt inquired as to why ship-breaking activity was not stopped in all plots. The HC pulled up the GMB officials and took undertaking from the ship breakers that they would stay all work till further orders.Following the dispute between two departments of state government, the HC has also issued notice to the chief secretary to look into the matter, and kept further hearing on the issue on June 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115296", "title": "Right to Information activist gets threat calls", "text": "GURGAON: RTI activist H R Bangia has lodged a complaint with the Gurgaon police saying that he has been getting threatening calls on his mobile. The resident of Ardee City, who is also a former administrative officer, has complained to the National Institute of Public Cooperation and Child Development (NIPCCD) where he used to work. The calls are reportedly being made to him on some earlier cases. \"The police have received such a complaint and action will be taken soon,\" DCP (East) Maheshwar Dayal said.The victim also sent a complaint to Ms Neela Gangadharan, IAS, secretary Women &amp; Child Development (WCD)-cum-Vice Chairperson of NIPCCD. Bangia said in his complaint that on his marriage anniversary day, May 11, when he reached Patiala House Court's Gate No. 4 around 11.28am, he received a call from mobile No. +919991777799. The caller said in Hindi that \"Ardee City is not far from the Hauz Khas and you also have a family\".Bangia mentioned the name of one Dr Dinesh Paul, director of NIPCCD. The caller's mention of Ardee City meant that he was living in Ardee City, Gurgaon. This threatening call was a surprise because he had complained against Dr Dinesh Paul to the National Commission for Scheduled Castes and for allied matters raised certain RTI queries about why he was not promoted even after his junior was promoted.\"The matter was brought to the notice of K K Sindhu, police commissioner of Gurgaon, who had told him to keep Maheshwar Dayal, DCP (East), informed. Accordingly, I sent an SMS to both of them, as desired by Mr Dayal,\" said Bangia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13125560", "title": "Murdered teen's family rejects police theory", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The story that it was a squabble over Rs 100 that resulted in the murder of 17-year-old Shahin Shah of Thirumala on Saturday was one hatched by the police, alleged the family of the teenager. The family has reasons to believe that there has to be a stronger motive, one that police do not want to reveal for dubious reasons, behind the murder.According to the police, it was a squabble over Rs 100 that sparked off a fight between Shahin Shah and Basheer of Laksham veedu Colony at Karumam on Friday. During the fight Basheer stabbed Shahin Shah with a metallic spatula. Shahin Shah succumbed to his injury at a city hospital on the wee hours of Saturday. The police arrested Basheer shortly after the incident.\"Shahin Shah is not a person who would pick a fight with someone, that too for such a paltry amount. The police seemed to be in a bit of a hurry in closing the case,\" said Asfar, the cousin of Shahin Shah.According to Shahin Shah's uncle Ashraf, there were too many loopholes in the police version of the story. He claimed that was he present at the Lakshamveedu Colony on Friday night where Basheer had been brought by the Nemom Police officials for collecting evidence. \"The murder weapon, the metallic spatula, was picked up by the police officers themselves. They did not even ask the accused whether he had used the same weapon. Also, Basheer told the police that he had stabbed Shahin Shah on his abdomen, whereas in reality he was stabbed on his back,\" Ashraf said.He also alleged that the police was reluctant to record the statements of two of Shahin Shah's friends , who had taken him to the hospital after he was stabbed. According to Ashraf one among them is the son of a police officer at Nemom Station.The family is planning to file complaints to the chief minister, home minister and the DGP in this regard.Shahin Shah is survived by his mother Wahida. His father Shahabudeen died five years ago, and has no siblings. His body was buried at Karamana Juma Masjid on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13115374", "title": "17 arrested for gambling in video game parlour", "text": "RAJKOT: A video game parlour on Kuvadava Road was raided for running a gambling den on Friday night. A total of 17 persons were arrested in this regard.The raid was conducted by crime branch officials led by the newly appointed city police commissioner H P Singh.\"The raided shop was Royal Agency near Delux Chowk. Seventeen persons were arrested on the spot and booked for gambling. A total of Rs 2.36 lakh worth goods including video game machines and cash were seized from the spot,\" said a crime branch official.Sources in the crime branch said that the gambling den was allegedly being run under the patronage of the local police for past one year.The arrested include Bharat Triplani, the shop owner and kingpin of the gambling racket, Ashish Shah, Iqbal Parmar, Gopal Khatri, Durgesh Khatri, Tarun Pipalia, Paresh Gosai, Pravin Malakia, Khoda Makwana, Akbar Belim, Kamilkhan Bloch and Vishnu Sindhi.The seized articles include Rs 1.48 lakh cash, 20 video game machines, 21 cell phones and 350 token coins.Crime branch sources added that following the allegation about police-gamblers' nexus, the com-missioner is contemplating departmental inquiry into the role of local police in the racket.Bets made on horse cart, rickshaw races!Apart from the video game parlour raid, police busted a bizarre mode of gambling and arrested five persons in this regard. Officials from the Kuvadava police station who were involved in arresting the accused said that bets were being placed on horse cart and autorickshaw races.\"We received a tip-off that autorickshaw driver Salim Juneja, 26, horse cart driver Sikandar Chauhan, Jayesh Muliyana, Mohit Gadia and Harun Shamdar were gambling on horse cart and rickshaw races. We raided a place on Kuvadava Road and caught the accused red-handed while gambling,\" said a cop involved in the operation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13118415", "title": "Early wickets cost us match: Yogesh Nagar", "text": "CHENNAI: Delhi Daredevils all-rounder Yogesh Nagar blamed the nine-wicket loss to Chennai Super Kings on the loss of early wickets which left his side's bowlers with just 114 runs to defend.\"We lost four wickets in powerplay overs. Despite that our bowlers did well to stretch the match to the 16th over. We will try and win the remaining matches and continue to lead the point table or finish second in the pool,\" Nagar said at the post-match press conference.\"We will focus on the remaining three games and continue our winning ways,\" he added.Asked if the team's middle order is weak, Nagar said, \"The middle order batsmen scored runs. We are not weak in the middle order.\"\"We have taken lessons from this match. Right now the focus is on the remaining three games in the league phase.Today, we wanted to stitch partnerships after having lost four early wickets. They bowled well and our concentration was on partnerships. That is the reason we failed to make more runs,\" he explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13114711", "title": "CBI forms 3 member panel for Bhanwari case trial", "text": "JODHPUR: The CBI has appointed a panel of three lawyers for the trial of the accused in the Bhanwari Devi abduction and murder case, which is scheduled to commence from May 14 in the court of ACJM (SC/ST cases). The decision on the names of the lawyers was taken in a meeting at the CBI headquarters in New Delhi on last Sunday.The panel comprises senior public prosecutor (CBI) from Mumbai Ezaz Khan, senior public prosecutor (CBI) from Jodhpur Shyam Singh Yadav and senior special counsel (CBI) from Jodhpur Ashok Joshi. So far, Yadav and Joshi had been handling the case.Khan has been associated with the CBI since 1992 and is considered a highly experienced lawyer. He has represented the CBI in some very sensational cases, which hit not only national but international head lines also like Soharabuddin encounter case, Tulsi Prajapati encounter case, Adarsh scam, Purulia arms dropping case and the sensational abduction and murder case of Meerut university lecturer Kavita Rani.Yadav is also associated with the CBI for the past 15 years and has represented the agency in court in the infamous Jugta Ram castration case of Barmer leading to conviction of the four accused in 1994.Joshi, a criminal lawyer, has recently been appointed as the senior special counsel and has actively assisted Yadav all throughout the Bhanwari Devi case. He said Khan is arriving in Jodhpur on Sunday, a day in advance to prepare for the trial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13116382", "title": "Students make representation over XII science result blunder", "text": "SURAT: A large number of HSC science students and their parents made a strong representation at the district education office here on Friday against the blunder in their results by Gujarat Secondary and Higher Secondary Education Board. They also demanded a single mark sheet.At least 150 students were shown as failed in the computer subject and were given needs improvement (NI) grade.Students claimed that they had been given different types of answer sheets and question papers during the examination. Even though supervisors had completed formalities to correct the mistake they were declared as having failed in the subject, the students said.Mark sheets will be issued to students on Monday. The affected students will have to apply for reassessment, GSHSEB officials had said earlier.Students are preparing to approach the education minister if the issue is not resolved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "paproudi (samrala)", "code": "13116637", "title": "Another 10 days for Manto daughters to reach India", "text": "PAPROUDI (SAMRALA): India and Pakistan celebrate the birth centenary of the short story writer, Saadat Hasan Manto, but his daughters who live in Pakistan may have to wait another 10 days reach Punjab, Manto's birthplace. The three siblings - Nusrat Jalaal, Nuzhat Arshad and Nigat Patel - were not able to attend the celebrations as their visas were not ready. They told TOI that they would attend a function at Punjabi University in Patiala on May 24.Nusrat Jalaal, 62, is Manto's youngest daughter. Talking to TOI over phone from Lahore , she said, \"We remained busy celebrating our father's centenary in Lahore. The invite reached us late and we didn't submit our visa applications in time, neither could we keep in touch with the authorities. We did miss a huge opportunity.\" Nusrat's mother-in-law Zakia Jalal said: \"They failed to convince the embassy officials but everyone hopes they would be able to reach India and be in Samrala.\"Manto was born in a two-room makeshift house in Paproudi village of Samrala and spent nine years there before moving to Shimla. Primary organizer of the three-day Manto utsav \"Sarmala Lekhak Manch\" had sent special invites to Manto's three daughters. Punjabi Sahitya Academy (Ludhiana) also invited Manto's daughters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114174", "title": "Tourism department hard-sells Kerala in Saudi Arabia", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Tourism launched an aggressive campaign in Saudi Arabia with a series of road shows at Jeddah on May 6, followed by Riyadh on May 7 and Dammam, kick-starting the new drive to focus on future markets.The delegation was led by tourism minister A P Anil Kumar, along with tourism secretary T K Manoj Kumar. As many as 65 leading firms attended the road show at Jeddah where the Consul General of Indian Consulate Faiz Ahmed Kidwai was present.The number swelled to 100 at Riyadh where Indian Ambassador to Saudi Arabia Hamid Ali Rao graced the occasion. At Dammam, 80 trade partners attended the road show.The major attendees of the shows were Kanoo Holidays, DNATA, AlTayyar Travel, Alzouman Travel, GTA, Fursan Travel, Al Fouzan Travel, Al Mojil Travel, Ameco Travel, Al Faisaliah Travel, Destinations of the World, Portfolio Travel, Trans Continent, City Stars, National Travel &amp; Tourism and Elite Holidays etc.\"We had a 125% increase in the flow of tourists from Saudi Arabia during 2011. Arabs who know the Kerala culture closely through our people in the Gulf are now showing greater interest to travel to the state. Thecampaign is to further boost this inflow,\" said Anilkumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13114560", "title": "Tale of two mothers behind bars", "text": "KEONJHAR: The bond between a mother and a child is inseparable. Two jailed women from Keonjhar, who are bringing up their kids inside the district jail, have proved it again.Nitima Munda of Bareigoda village in Harichandanpur police station area and Tulasi Karua of Sadar police station area now have only one goal in life - to see their children well placed in life.Nitima and her husband were arrested a few months back in a murder case. She has seven children, out of which three are girls. Two of them, one-year-old and five-year-old, live with her in the jail.On the other hand, Tulasi, who was also arrested along with her husband in a murder case, has a nine-month-old son, who lives with his parents in the jail.Nitima said, \"I have no one else to look after my children. These two kids cannot live by themselves. The one-year-old girl has to be breastfed. Here in the jail, I take care of them all day and night and feed them whatever available in jail. We are worried about their future.\"Faced with similar problems, Tulasi said, \"I have to breastfeed my boy. My other baby, who is only three-year-old, lives alone. We are always worried about their future. As for this one, he keeps me engaged all daly long. I bathe him, feed him, play with him. I feel extremely dejected when I think how my kids are suffering because of us being in jail.\"Apart from these two women, Sabirti Sabar of Sambalpur, who is five-month pregnant, is also in the jail awaiting bail. Sabitri said, \"The jail authorities have arranged all facilities for me. I get milk, vitamins and medicines from them.\"Amiya Pattnayak, the jail super, said, \"The children are allowed to live with their mothers as per the order of the magistrate. As per Supreme Court guidelines, we provide them facilities like good food and medicines. Regular health checkups are also conducted.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114382", "title": "Notices on seafront business concerns", "text": "HYDERABAD: The high court has issued notices to both the state and Central governments as well as to several star hotels and big business houses with property on the Visakhapatnam beachfront, asking them to explain why they think no action should be taken against them for destroying the ecology.The notice comes in the light of construction of buildings and sinking of borewells leading to indiscriminate drawing of groundwater within the coastal regulatory zone of 500m from sea.Among those served notices are prominent hotels like Taj, Grand Bay, Palm Beach and Jabili as well as several apartment complexes on the beach road.Singamsetty Radha Priya Darshak, an advocate from the port city, along with two associations, filed the plea challenging official inaction in the face of indiscriminate exploitation of groundwater resulting in intrusion of seawater into the coastal soil.Digging of borewells is prohibited along the stretch in question and any construction activity requires a nod from the coastal regulation management authority, Darshak states in his petition.All business houses, without an exception, draw groundwater through borewells connected to electrical motor pumps, the petitioner claimed.As a result, the petitioner alleged, groundwater salinity is rising due to saltwater mixing in it. Although permission from forest and environment authorities and the pollution control office is essential for commercial activities on the beachfront, the rules are not being properly implemented, the petitioner said.The two-judge bench comprising Chief Justice Madan B Lokur and justice PV Sanjay Kumar sought replies from all respondents in the case and posted the matter to July 2 for a further hearing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114965", "title": "25,000 fined for tinted film", "text": "Around 25,000 people were prosecuted in the last nine days for having tinted film on their vehicles despite a Supreme Court order. \"We have gone ahead with prosecution for using dark films in cars and removing these on the spot,\" said Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic).He said nearly 25,000 people were prosecuted since May 4 for not removing the tinted film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115871", "title": "Gang molests woman, beats her up for fighting back", "text": "KOLKATA: A gang of five waylaid a woman in a residential locality in Barrackpore on Friday night and molested her in front of her family members when she tried to fight back. The police have arrested two suspects but the brazenness of the assault and the fact that it is the second such incident in a week indicate that the city's northern outskirts are become increasingly unsafe.Last week, a television actress was stalked and abused by two drunken youths in Ghola. The police had allegedly refused to accept her complaint and took action only after Barrackpore commissioner of police Sanjay Mukherjee intervened.Friday night's incident also happened in Ghola. The woman and some of her relatives - all of them elderly women - had boarded an autorickshaw at Manikdanga on their way to attend a wedding.It was around 10pm and there were few people on the road. Five youngsters, lounging on bikes, targeted the young woman and started following the slow-moving auto, making obscene gestures at her.She protested and warned the miscreants to stop following her. The gang then forced the auto to stop and surrounded it. Undaunted, the woman stepped out to face them. Enraged by her challenge, the five youths grabbed her and molested her. When she tried to fight back, they beat her up and snatched her necklace, an earring and mobile phone. The auto driver did nothing to help the woman as the miscreants went on beating and assaulting her. The ordeal went on for about 10 minutes until the local residents heard the commotion and ran to help. The gang, however, managed to escape.On Saturday morning, the woman lodged a complaint at Sodepur police station. The police conducted raids immediately and arrested Ghola residents Gobinda Das and Banti Dey. Police hope to nab the other suspects after questioning the duo. \"The arrests have been made following the woman's complaint. We are searching for the rest of the gang,\" said a police officer.Locals allege that Ghola, Sodepur and Barrackpore have become a den of criminals and unsafe for women. In April this year, an eve-teasing triggered a clash between two clubs near Barrackpore in which a college girl and four others were injured. And in February, a group of molesters beat up a private tutor when he tried to save a girl from their clutches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114374", "title": "Gandhinagar Urban Development Authority's tech route for garbage collection", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If residential societies in Ahmedabad are grappling with the problem of irregular door-to-door garbage collection for the last five years, Gandhinagar has an answer to a similar problem. The Gandhinagar Urban Development Authority (GUDA) has initiated an Information Communication Technology (ICT) based garbage collection system, which literally keeps track of the garbage collectors and even takes stock of each individual house that the collector may have skipped.At the centre of the project is a barcode sticker that will be pasted on the doors of individual's houses. The person who comes to your house to collect garbage has to swipe an infrared swiping machine on the sticker. The information is immediately relayed to GUDA server that records the data. \"If a family is out on vacation, a contractor cannot claim payment for locked houses as every month a new set of barcode stickers are issued,\" says GUDA chairman Ashok Bhavsar. The system has been jointly developed by Cept university and GUDANot only this, the GPS system has eliminated the necessity of placing large bins on the roadside. \"Each of the garbage container vehicles is connected via GPS and the route matrix is planned in such a manner that each of mini vehicles that collects garbage from individual societies will wait at designated centres to transfer the load to the container vehicle,\" says a senior GUDA official.Interestingly, the new system is implemented outside the Congress-controlled Gandhinagar Municipal Corporation (GMC) limits. GMC is still grappling with the problem of streamlining its garbage collection system.The total area earmarked for the ICT garbage collection facility is 10 sq km, claim GUDA officials. The system has been implemented in 300 houses and will be extended to 4,200 houses in the next fortnight. When asked about the revenue model of the system, officials say that each of the residential houses has to pay Rs 30 every month while that for commercial establishment the fee is Rs 50. \"It will be onus of society chairman to provide us a bulk fee for the entire year for each of individual houses. Each society will be given their set of stickers every month which they would have to paste on their doors,\" says Bhavsar. GUDA is also distributing two bins to each of the houses to separate their wet and dry waste. \"We would encourage people to separate their waste at the source,\" says Bhavsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115591", "title": "Truck carrying 4,000 litres of spirit seized, driver held", "text": "INDORE: Police seized a truck carrying 4,000 litre of spirit on Friday evening on AB Road under the jurisdiction of Manpur police here. The driver of the vehicle has also been arrested.Acting on a tip-off, police chased the truck bearing registration number MP09 GE 8346 and intercepted it on AB Road. The truck carrying the spirit is in police custody now.Manpur police station in-charge Man Singh Thakur said that the driver of the truck identified as Imtiaz Khan, a resident of Khargone, was arrested. Imtiaz named the owner of the truck as Mukhtiyar. The truck was carrying OB Spirit, which is used to make liquor, said Singh adding that permission is mandatory to carry spirit, but the truck driver was not carrying the valid papers to transport spirit.The police officer said that it was still not clear as to where the truck was heading. Mukhtiar reportedly was on the run following the seizure. Both driver and Mukhtiar have been booked under relevant section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115757", "title": "Railways hologram to battle fraudsters", "text": "KOLKATA: Holograms signify authenticity and are usually put on commodities by manufacturers who are concerned about fakes. Bodies like the Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) use them on certificates to prove authenticity. Now, the railways have started using holograms on office orders dealing with appointments, postings and transfers. The step has been taken to prevent illegal recruitment in the railways.\"In spite of our best efforts, fake job rackets are continuing. While we have taken measures to raise awareness about such rackets, certain internal precautions also need to be taken. We are now using special security holograms that have our logo and a special number embedded. Any office order pertaining to appointment, posting or transfer is not considered valid without the hologram,\" an Eastern Railway official said.Though fake recruitment has been going on in the railways for decades, the matter first came to light about 10 years ago. Officials were shocked to learn that thousands of youths are being duped by miscreants claiming to provide jobs in the railways. The unsuspecting youths often took loans to pay the touts. In return, they were given appointment letters on stationery that matched those by the railways.\"By the time the railways became aware of the situation, some people may already have got jobs with fake appointment letters. Trouble is that the railways is such a large organization that it is difficult for one official to cross-check all communication with those sending it. Now, our stationery has a distinctive watermark with the Indian Railways logo and a hologram,\" another official said.Trouble is that the crooks have always managed to stay a step ahead of the railways. Even recently, a racket was busted in which 'candidates' claimed that they were made to sit for written exams at a hotel in the Esplanade area.\"Things have improved since we introduced holograms but we are keeping close watch. We will have to come up with something new if the crooks start replicating the holograms. But, this will be more difficult for them,\" a South Eastern Railway official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13115365", "title": "Eight killed in three accidents in Sabarkantha", "text": "PALANPUR: At least eight people, including an 18-year-old girl, were killed in three separate accidents in Sabakantha district in the past 36 hours until 12:30 pm on Saturday.Three people lost their lives near Tiski village of Malpur taluka on Saturday when their motorcycle rammed into a herd of Nilgai. The deceased were identified as Kadar Mangubhai Thori (22), Rajubhai Thori (32) and Dinesh Dayabhai Thori (20). They were residents of Malpur taluka and were heading to Shamlaji.In the second incident, two people were killed near Pruthvipura village of Megharaj taluka when their motorcycle hit a Nilgai on Friday evening. The deceased have been identified as Arif Nisar Makrani (38) and Rafik Ahmadbhai (34). Both of them hailed from Megharaj taluka, police said.In the third incident, which also took place on Friday, three people, including a girl, lost their lives when their motorcycle hit a jeep coming from the opposite direction on Vijaynagar-Vireshwar road. All three were killed on the spot. The deceased have been identified as Rajubhai Manubhaii Gameti (38), his son Dipak (14) and daughter Priyanka (18). They hailed from Zer village and were on their way back home from Vijaynagar, police added. The jeep driver is on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13120425", "title": "Music, masti and magic", "text": "It was an evening dedicated to hit Tollywood numbers from 2011 and some electrifying dance performances at the Shilpakala Vedika, the venue of the annual music awards show conducted by a radio channel.T-town singers like Geetha Madhuri, Sai Shivani, Karunya, Hemachandra, Sravana Bhargavi and Suchitra performed on stage, much to the audiences' delight. Actresses Shraddha Das, Aksha, Tashu Kaushik and Reshma kept the audience on their feet with their dance moves. Music director Thaman was the star of the evening, bagging a bunch of awards for his compositions in \"Dookudu\". It was Taapsee Pannu however, who was the cynosure of all attention.Lakshmi Manchu, Manchu Manoj, Nandini Reddy, Tammareddy Bharadwaja, Srinu Vaitla, Kodandaram Reddy and many others were spotted at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116049", "title": "Air tickets to get cheaper with new navigation system", "text": "KOLKATA: It promises to be a double bonanza for fliers in Kolkata. Soon after they get to use the swanky new terminal that is nearing completion, flights are expected to get cheaper with the Airports Authority of India (AAI) switching over from a land-based navigation system to a satellite-based one. Kolkata is one of the fifteen locations in the country where an Indian Reference Station (INRES) has been set up to collect measurement data and broadcast messages from all GPS and GEO satellites to the Indian Master Control Centre (INMCC) in Bengaluru.\"Once Gagan - a project undertaken by the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO) in association with AAI - becomes operational, it will free the airspace and flying will become cheaper,\" said Dr B P Sharma, director, Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose International Airport in Kolkata.Gagan, short for GPS Aided GEO Augmented Navigation, is an indigenous system is expected to become functional as soon as the third Gagan payload is launched into space. The timeline for the project is to end in June, 2013, but officials believe that Gagan will become operational before that. Once this happens, India will be the fourth country in the world to have a satellite-based system that will allow seamless navigation over Indian airspace. Once Gagan becomes operational, India will no longer have to be dependent on the US for GPS data.\"Once Gagan is in place, airport Air Traffic Controls (ATCs) will be able to locate an aircraft anywhere with the help of satellites. This is not possible at present and pilots can only communicate with the ATCs when they are within range. Due to this limitation, pilots can't take a linear route from one point to the other but follow one that keeps them within range of one ATC or the other. A round-about route not only leads to more fuel consumption but also added flying time.With Gagan, flights can fly directly from one point to the other. The system will also calculate parameters such as wind speed (from the opposite direction) that can reduce an aircraft's speed and use up more fuel. The new system will allow correction of a flight path accordingly,\" a source in ISRO said.The data collected and transferred to the INMCC by INRES like Kolkata will be worked upon and the end result sent back in nanoseconds. This will ensure no delay in flight movement.\"Airlines will save on fuel and time. The stress will be lower on flight crews and air traffic controllers. As Gagan will provide more accurate co-ordinates, the mandatory separation between two aircraft will also come down substantially (as it is in the US). This will add to capacity. Most importantly, the higher level of accuracy will bring about greater safety for passengers. In a competitive market, airlines will certainly pass down some of their savings to passengers and flights will be cheaper,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114317", "title": "Another goof-up leaves Nagpur University students baffled", "text": "NAGPUR: In yet another goof-up, Nagpur University hit a new low by printing the wrong subject line in the first year paper of MA (economics) on Saturday.Students were left confused for about 20 minutes before examiners informed them about the error which was first detected at the Annasaheb Gundewar College where about 250 students appeared for the exam.Controller of examinations (COE) SS Bharambe who is temporarily in charge, refused to speak to the media.He passed the buck by directing all queries to NU's public relations department which does not function on the second Saturday of the month.Students said that it was their second paper and when they reached the centre, they were shocked to get the paper with a different subject not scheduled for Saturday. The paper was distributed with the subject line 'Micro economic analysis' which was held on May 4. Their subject was 'Macro economic analysis'.College authorities contacted NU's exam section which confirmed the error in the subject line. The examiners then asked students to change the name of the subject as the question paper was correct. Due to the confusion, students lost 20 precious minutes.Academicians blamed the lethargic officials of the exam section. They said such blunders would keep on happening until NU appoints a pro-vice chancellor and a full-time COE to run the show.Present COE Siddarth Kane who has been given temporary charge is unable to do justice to his additional responsibility as he is already burdened as head of the statistics department.Academicians who didn't want to be named as VC Vilas Sapkal has issued gag orders against talking to the media, stated that the university would have been better off had it invested the Rs 50 lakh that it spent on purchasing luxury cars for top officials to revamp the exam section.WHAT A SHAME!April 16: BEd paper changed after it was allegedly leaked from one of the centresApril 21: BCCA final year paper leaked 12 hours before the actual oneApril 25: First year BA (compulsory Marathi) paper was also allegedly leakedMay 5: BFA Marathi medium students given English question paperMay 12: Name of MA (Economics) paper was erroneously changed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115846", "title": "District authorities gear up for civic elections", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The district administration has geared up to conduct nagar panchayat and Allahabad Municipal Corporation elections. District election officer/district magistrate Anil Kumar has given instructions for completing all the preparations.He has given instructions to district and police officials to initiate preventive measures against anti-social elements. If any officer or an employee is found careless in his assigned work, then strict action will be taken.There are 10 urban local bodies in the district, including nine nagar panchayats and one municipal corporation. According to the census figures of 2011, total number of voters are 11,24,108 in which male voters are 6,35,403 and number of female voters is 4,88,705.The total number of polling booths in the district is 1086. The district has been divided into 23 zones and 46 sectors. Around 10,000 employees and 109 officers and assistant election officers would conduct the civic elections.The number of sensitive polling centres is 80 while the number of sensitive polling booths is 341. There are 74 highly sensitive polling centres and 334 highly sensitive polling booths.In Allahabad Municipal Corporation, there are 80 wards. According to the census figures of 2011, total number of voters is 10,00,398 and the voters list published on April 10, 2012 put the number at 10,41,415. Thus, the number of voters that have increased within AMC limits is 41,017. The total number of polling centres is 159 while total number of polling booths is 947. The number of sectors is 27. The number of polling personnel who would be deployed is 5,682.Similarly, there are 116 wards in nine nagar panchayats. According to the census figures of 2011, total number of voters is 1,23,710 and the voter list published on April 10, 2012 puts the number at around 1,28,079. Thus, the number of voters that have increased is 4,369. There would be 64 polling centres and 139 polling booths.There are 10 urban local bodies in the district, including nine nagar panchayats and one municipal corporation. According to the census figures of 2011, total number of voters are 11,24,108 in which male voters are 6,35,403 and number of female voters is 4,88,705.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115658", "title": "Three flee Chandwad jail, one re-arrested", "text": "NASHIK: Three prisoners, Ashiraf Hamid Shaikh, Sarfaraj Gulam Chaudhari and Khurshid Hamid Shaikh, escaped from a sub-jail in Chandwad tehsil around 3am on Saturday.Of the three, Ashiraf Shaikh was arrested on Saturday evening, while the other two accused, Sarfaraj and Khurshid, are still absconding.The three made their escape by cutting through the iron bars of the jail door.The trio had been remanded in police custody since May 7. Their remand term was to end on May 12 following which they were going to be produced in court.The three prisoners, in course of their escape, also allegedly stole a Hero Honda motorcycle worth Rs 35,000, owned by police constable R K Navade.The bike had been parked in the premises of the Chandwad tehsil office.A case, concerning the escape was registered with the Chandwad police. Police inspector Shailesh Jadhav has been assigned further investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116292", "title": "Vineet keen to pay back to his home state", "text": "PATNA: Bihar gives a number of civil services officers every year, but what is of greater importance is the fact that these young, dynamic successful candidates want to come back to their state and serve it in the best possible manner. This year's Bihar topper of the Civil Services examination, Vineet Kumar, who secured 19th rank in the prestigious competition, is one of this young tribe.\"I want to pay back to my state where my roots lie, so I chose the Bihar cadre. I shall try my best that every scheme of the government is properly implemented and reaches the last person,\" Vineet told TOI over phone from Faridabad. He had done his primary schooling in Govindpur village of Patna district. He added, \"Good governance is the buzzword in the state now. I shall like to contribute to this phase of 'Changing Bihar'.\" He further said, \"I shall like to be known as an honest, straightforward officer accepting every day as a new challenge.\"An alumnus of Chail Military School, Shimla , Vineet completed his engineering from IIT-Roorkee in 2006. He worked with Accenture as a software engineer for about three years and quit it in 2009 to prepare for the Civil Services examination. \"I always wanted to pursue a career in Civil Services. I secured 268th rank in my second attempt last year and qualified for the revenue services. I was not satisfied and decided to take the plunge again.\"He feels that Civil Services examination is not that tough to crack. \"One has to overcome the hype surrounding it, because the examination is designed in such a pattern that even a so-called average student can definitely qualify.\" Vineet, who had opted for sociology and psychology as his subjects, adds, \"The Mains' subject should be chosen only on the basis of interest. Making a proper strategy to study them is the key to success.\"Vineet adds, \"The relatively new CSAT format for the Prelims examination is also not that tough. Students from Hindi-speaking states like Bihar may find it difficult to answer the English questions of the paper. However, if basics are properly taken care of, they can be easily answered.\"He gives credit to his parents and God for his success. His parents are also overjoyed. \"I am very proud of my son. Once he quit his Accenture job on my advice, he left no stone unturned to crack the examination, and his hard work has paid off, as always,\" says Vineet's father, Ram Vinay Sharma, an ex-armyman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mansa", "code": "13121378", "title": "MP, Rajasthan residents arrested with smuggled poppy worth Rs 9L", "text": "MANSA: Mansa police has recovered poppy husk worth about Rs 9 lakh and has arrested six persons from Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan. The smuggled poppy was being sold at Mansa, Bathinda, Moga and Faridkot after being brought from Rajasthan.Mansa SSP Sukhdev Singh Chahal said \"police got a tip off that certain persons from MP and Rajasthan are involved in selling the poppy husk in the area Rs 30,000 for a bag of 30 kg poppy husk\".After conducting some investigations into the matter, the police trapped two vehicles and recovered 29 bags of poppy husk from two vehicles. Police first intercepted Bolero car at village Dhingana and recovered 25 bags and arrested Rafiq, Farooq of district Mandsor in MP and Suresh Kumar of Jhunjhunu in Rajasthan. Another police party stopped an Indigo car at village Heerke and recovered 4 bags of poppy husk and arrested Iqbal, Akram and Tayab of Mandor in MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madhyamgram (wb)", "code": "13125687", "title": "Trinamool minister renews call for boycott of CPM leaders", "text": "MADHYAMGRAM (WB): A senior minister in the Mamata Banerjee government, who had recently stirred a hornet's nest by asking people to boycott CPM leaders, today renewed his call.\"Don't keep any relation with those CPI(M) leaders who were involved in the killing of Trinamool Congress workers or such a conspiracy directly or indirectly during their rule,\" food and supply minister Jyotipriyo Mallick said at a rally here in the North 24-Parganas district.His earlier boycott call was made in the same district. \"Don't keep in touch with those CPM leaders who murdered Trinamool Congress workers in connivance with the anti-socials and hardcore criminals like Majid Master, Hatkata Dilip, Bulton and Babu Master. Their offence is unpardonable,\" Mallick said.\"Keep safe distance from these culprit CPI(M) leaders everywhere,\" he told party workers.To a question if his directive to the party workers was to boycott the CPM socially, the minister repeatedly said, \"This is not a call for social boycott to the CPM. Some quarters explained it wrongly and deliberately earlier too.\"\"Why should we keep in touch with those who killed our workers and supporters? No compromise with their misdeed and anti-social activities ... \" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115638", "title": "Student back from international dancer event", "text": "NASHIK: On the occasion of the International Day for Dance, 12 students of Nritya Kala Mandir were invited to a dance event organized by Modern International School, Bangkok on April 18.Bhavisha Kalani (12), the only participant from Nashik among the group of invitees, returned recently to the city after what she termed a 'memorable' performance. The 12-year-old presented Odissi, Bharatnatyam and Bhangra at the event that was termed , 'Bharat mera rangrangila'.\"The experience was very good. The people there appreciated our Indian dance forms,\" Bhavisha said.The dances presented were representational of Indian culture and tradition. The group was guided by dance guru Tejashree Adoge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13114637", "title": "Berhampur wants water project soon", "text": "BERHAMPUR: People of Berhampur have demanded early implementation of the proposed Janibili project to mitigate the drinking water crisis of the town. People led by former deputy speaker of the assembly Ram Chandra Panda submitted a memorandum to the executive engineer, urban water supply, Berhampur, threatening to launch an agitation if their demands were not met soon.They also demanded implementation of new treatment plant at Dakhinapur reservoir, a drinking water source to the town, and pipe water supply in many areas.Executive engineer D S Mohapatra assured the agitators that the department was preparing a project report for Janibili. He said work on the 20 million litre new treatment plant was almost over and it would start functioning soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13114569", "title": "Eight held for clash involving sarpanch", "text": "KEONJHAR: Tension spread in Keonjhar as police arrested eight persons including a former sarapanch after a group clash on Friday. The clash took place on Thusrday night at Roida village in Rugudi police station area, about 90 km from here.It all started when the husband of the present sarapanch of Roida gram panchayat and two of her supporters were allegedly attacked by goons employed by the former sarpanch. During the clash, the former sarpanch and his supporters allegedly attacked the gram panchayat office and damaged a car.The injured persons, Sanjay Patra, Som Munda and Sankarshan Pradhan were admitted to Tisco hospital at Joda. Based on a complaint lodged by Tulasi Bobanga, the present sarpanch and wife of Patra, police arrested former sarapanch Manabodh Oram, Saroj Oram, Ranjan Munda, Avinash Soe, Md. Ratik, Ranjan Munda and Dasarath Oram. A counter complaint was also lodged, but no body was arrested on the basis of that, villgers said.According to sources, contractual work in a mine was the bone of contention. The injured persons alleged hired goons from Jharkhand were engaged in this attack. Police are yet to arrest them.P Biswal, an SI of Rugudi police station, said, \"Two complaints have been received regarding this incident. On the basis of one of them, eight persons of one group were arrested and sent to court. We are looking into the second complaint. Others involved in the case will also be arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13122182", "title": "KXIP vs DC: Kings XI Punjab beat Deccan Chargers by 4 wickets", "text": "NEW DELHI: Late charge by David Hussey (65 not out) and Gurkeerat Singh (29 not out) helped Kings XI Punjab snatch 4-wicket victory over Deccan Chargers in a crucial Indian Premier League match at PCA stadium, Mohali on Sunday.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsSkipper Hussey and Singh put on quick-fire unbeaten 45 runs for the seventh wicket to keep themselves in contention for the playoffs spot. Gurkeerat hit last ball four to win the match.Young Gurkeerat played a gem of an innings with 241.66 strike-rate as he smashed a six and four boundaries in his 12-ball 29 whirlwind knock.Hussey played a captain's knock as he whacked five sixes and four fours in his 35-ball blitzkrieg.Chasing a massive 191-run target, Punjab were in trouble when they lost two wickets in the Dale Steyn's seventeenth over as they were reduced to 149/6 in 16.4 overs.Steyn struck twice in an over to dismiss Piyush Chawla (8) and Siddharth Chitnis (11) to put Deccan on top for a while but it turned out to be in vain.Punjab lost Azhar Mahmood (31) after he revive their run chase with Hussey in the middle overs.Leg-spinner Amit Mishra struck in the thirteenth over to dismiss Mahmood. Mahmood hit a six and two boundaries in his 20-ball rapid knock and added 44 runs for the fourth wicket with Hussey.Punjab lost three top-order batsmen inside eight overs against Deccan.Manpreet Gony got rid of in-form Punjab batsman Mandeep Singh (28) in the eighth over to reduce the hosts to 56/3 in 7.2 overs. Mandeep hit five boundaries in his quick-fire 20 balls innings.Punjab lost Shaun Marsh (11) and Nitin Saini (3) inside five overs as they started their run chase on the wrong foot.Pacer Dan Christian struck twice in two overs to dismiss Marsh and Saini and reduced Punjab to 26/2 in 4.4 overs.Electing to bat, Shikhar Dhawan (71) and Cameron White (67 not out) shared quick 96-run stand to help Deccan Chargers post 190/4 against Kings XI Punjab.Dhawan continued his good run in this season as he smashed three huge sixes and four boundaries in his quick-fire 50 balls innings. Praveen Kumar dismissed Dhawan in the seventeenth over to halt the Dhawan-White juggernaut.White hit a six and eight boundaries in his whirlwind 41-ball knock as he also added 44 runs for the fourth wicket with Dan Christian (24) to push the score further. Christian smacked two sixes and a four in his 10-ball blitzkrieg.Dhawan and White resurrected Deccan innings after early blows. Dhawan raced to his fifty in just 36 balls, which included two sixes and three boundaries, to lead the Deccan run charge. Dhawan and White take Chargers' score to 100 in 12 overs.Deccan lost Kumar Sangakkara (1) and Parthiv Patel (19) in successive overs after a good start.Parvinder Awana dismissed Sangakkara in the seventh over to reduce Deccan to 49/2 soon after Azhar Mahmood got better of Patel in the previous over.Shikhar Dhawan and Patel started Deccan innings aggressively as they added 47 runs for the opening wicket in six overs.Earlier, Deccan skipper Kumar Sangakkara won the toss and decided to bat against Punjab.\"I think it (Mohali) is one of the best wickets in India. Dale Steyn is back after a sore foot. We have Manpreet Gony and Jhunjhunwala coming in,\" said Sangakkara after winning the toss.\"We would have batted first as well. David Miller misses out for Ryan Harris, bit of pace upfront. Gurkeerat comes in as well,\" David Hussey said.Teams:Kings XI Punjab: Siddharth Chitnis, Piyush Chawla, Parvinder Awana, Azhar Mahmood, Ryan Harris, Nitin Saini (wk), Mandeep Singh, Praveen Kumar, Shaun Marsh, David Hussey (capt), Gurkeerat Singh.Deccan Chargers: Kumar Sangakkara (capt.), Parthiv Patel (wk), Shikhar Dhawan, Cameron White, Dan Christian, Ashish Reddy, Amit Mishra, Manpreet Gony, Abhishek Jhunjhunwala, TP Sudhindra, Dale Steyn.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13114591", "title": "Chikungunya 'resurfaces' in Ganjam, many affected", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Chikungunya is suspected to have resurfaced in Ganjam district with many persons in Boxipalli village exhibiting symptoms of the mosquito-borne viral disease. It will be confirmed after medical tests, doctors said on Saturday.\"Doctors and para-medical staff led by district malaria officer (DLO) went to the affected village on Saturday. They treated patients and collected blood samples for diagnostic tests,\" said S K Patnaik, chief district medical officer of Ganjam. MLA (Gopalpur) Pradip Panigrahi asked the CDMO to deploy a medical team in the affected village till the disease is controlled.The disease was reported from this fishermen village two days ago. The number of those affected has increased to a dozen with two more suffering from fever on Saturday, the CDMO said.Last month, nine chikungunya cases were confirmed in Golabandh. \"Out of the 22 blood samples tested in Golabandh last month, nine were found to be positive,\" the CDMO said. The situation in Golabandh is now normal, he added.Chikungunya, malaria, dengue and Japanese encephalitis spreads because of stagnant water as the mosquito larva survives in it, a medical officer of social medicine department, MKCG Medical College and Hospital, said. People should prevent water from stagnating, he added.The CDMO said health personnel would create awareness to destroy the stagnant water sources and to dry the water-logging spots in the village. He also said that there is no need to panic as the number of affected persons in the village was very small compared to the population of 2,100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116246", "title": "Patna University Teachers' Association hails Raghuvansh's plea on converting Patna University into central varsity", "text": "PATNA: Hailing RJD MP Raghuvansh Prasad Singh's plea for converting Patna University (PU) into a Central university, Patna University Teachers' Association (Puta) has urged both the Centre and state government to initiate necessary steps for fulfilment of this demand.Puta general secretary S B Lall said the Centre would not have to invest much on conversion of PU into a central university as it already has the basic infrastructure. Several old universities, including Guru Ghasidas University, Chhattisgarh , and H S Gaur Sagar University (MP), have been converted into Central universities. Hence, the Centre should have no problem in upgrading PU as a central university.Conversion of PU, the seventh oldest university of the Indian sub-continent into Central university has remained a long-cherished dream of most intellectuals, academics and politicians of the state and even present chief minister Nitish Kumar has backed this demand on several occasions in the past, he said.Puta has also expressed concern over the non-payment of remuneration to teachers who have evaluated answer-books of degree Part-III honours examinations of PU under centralized evaluation recently. Several teachers from other universities returned to their respective headquarters without receiving the remuneration for evaluation work. The university must release necessary funds for expediting payment of remuneration to the examiners, it said.The association has also resented the inordinate delay in payment of arrears of five months' salaries in the revised UGC scale and 7 per cent enhanced DA to the teachers despite the fact that the government had already released necessary funds for the purpose.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13114958", "title": "\u2018Even the Taliban have watched our plays\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: In August 2011, the Taliban attacked the British Council in Kabul. A suicide bomber detonated a vehicle and gunmen engaged security forces in a six-hour siege. Twelve people were killed, scores more traumatised. And a group of Afghan theatre actors lost a place to rehearse.The group, Rah-e-Sabz, had been gearing up for a Dari production of Shakespeare's The Comedy of Errors. \"We were supposed to rehearse that day,\" says Corinne Jaber, the play's director in a phone interview. \"I had asked the actors to come after their morning prayer. They wanted to come later in the day. Had they agreed, they would probably not be here now.\"The troupe changed its rehearsal space to a rather unusual venue-Nrityagram, the dance gurukul near Bangalore. The cast and crew have been rehearsing here since April and will soon participate in Globe To Globe, a festival of Shakespearean plays from across the world that is currently under way at the Globe Theatre in London. Before leaving for UK, the group will perform in Rangashankara in Bangalore and Prithvi Theatre in Mumbai.Jaber chose to relocate to India in order to rehearse peacefully. \"In Afghanistan, you're always on edge,\" she says. \"It's not a condition you'd like for your actors.\" An actor and director, this German-Canadian played Amba and Shikhandi in Peter Brook's 1989 film version of the Mahabharata. She first visited Kabul in 2005 and during her stay directed Shakespeare's Love's Labour Lost. \"The Afghans wanted a comedy,\" she says tellingly. \"They don't want tragedy.\"Jaber found Shakespeare apt for Afghan audiences as \"Elizabethan England and contemporary Afghanistan resemble each other much more than Elizabethan England and Europe today\".\"A lot of customs and ways of being correspond,\" she says. She has situated The Comedy of Errors in war-torn Kabul-in this adaptation, an expatriate Afghan returns to Kabul after a war to search for his twin sons who were separated in the desert during a sandstorm. \"Someone looking for lost family members is very Afghan,\" Jaber says.All the cast members, even the women, are professional actors. Being in the television or film industry is particularly hard for women in a conservative society that's perennially on edge because of the threat of physical danger posed by the Taliban. \"Some of the women actors in the play entered the entertainment business because they needed money,\" says Jaber.Despite the peace of Nrityagram, Jaber says, her female actors are yet to loosen up. One of the challenges has been to get them to utter obscenities. While this might not have been permissible in Afghanistan-Jaber says she was compelled to direct a bowdlerised version of Love's Labour Lost-it would be acceptable before foreign audiences. \"Twice in the play, a character says: 'You son of a hoar',\" Jaber says. \"They said, 'We can't say that. It's a bad word.' They are confronted with huge freedom here, and they don't know how to deal with it.\"The actors consider The Comedy of Errors a means of reviving interest in theatre in Afghanistan and, in the process, recovering from the trauma that began in 1979 with the proxy war fought between the Soviet Union and the US and continued with the battle against Islamic fundamentalists that started in 2001. Mamnoon Maqsoody, the actor who plays the father in The Comedy of Errors, teaches acting in Kabul University and is a production manager at a radio station. The 46-year-old has performed at the famous Kabul National Theatre that was destroyed during the war in the 1990s and never rebuilt. \"We had a culture of going to the theatre and making theatre before the war,\" Maqsoody says in a phone interview. \"We had a theatre called the Kabul National Theatre. Technically speaking, I haven't seen such a fantastic theatre even in Bangalore.\" Maqsoody believes that theatre has the power to persuade even the Taliban to forsake violence. \"I have been in so many plays in Helmand, Heart and Kandahar, where many members of the Taliban watched our plays,\" he says. \"We've talked and they have treated me well. We need people to speak to them and bring peace.\"Shakoor Shamshad, who plays one of the twins, was a student of Maqsoody in Kabul. The 33-year-old television actor has been living in London for ten years. He says he visits Kabul occasionally to act in Afghan films. \"For me it is safer to live in London,\" he says. \"But you have to be brave to do something to bring about a revolution.\"(The Comedy Of Errors will be performed in Dari with English subtitles at Prithvi Theatre on May 19 at 6 pm &amp; 9 pm)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115139", "title": "4 Indian films to premiere at Cannes this year", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian entourage at this year's Cannes Film Festival will be a mix of glamour and cinema. Four Indian films will be premiered at Cannes this year and three Indian beauties will walk the red carpet.Anurag Kashyap's directorial venture Gangs of Wasseypur will premiere in the non-competitive Directors' Fortnight section of the fest. The film Peddlers and Ashim Ahluwalia's Miss Lovely will also be screened. \"I think it's important that India is seen as a country that produces different kinds of cinema, not just Bollywood films,\" Alhuwalia said. A short film, Chana, directed by Nikhil Pherwani, will also be screened.Actor Aishwarya Rai will be walking the red carpet for the eleventh time this year. The actress will attend the dinner hosted by the American Foundation for AIDS Research with other Hollywood celebrities. Sources said actor Frieda Pinto will be present at the opening ceremony and Sonam Kapoor will walk the red carpet at the closing ceremony of the fest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115408", "title": "\u2018Is this how cheap life is in Gurgaon?\u2019", "text": "GURGAON: Shailesh Shetye saw his wife Kshama Chopra Shetye die in front of him in a gruesome accident near IFFCO Chowk in Gurgaon a week ago. She was pregnant. He was in the same car when a speeding BMW rammed into them, also killing the driver.Till Friday evening, the police hadn't made any headway, with the injured occupant of the BMW (Dakhsh Jaiswal) in ICU and unable to give a statement. The same night they had, however, managed to question the BMW's owner, Devender Sehrawat.On Saturday, the case took a new turn with a person claiming to be Rajesh, the driver of the BMW, moving a bail plea in court.Shailesh, who was in the ICU for two days undergoing pelvic surgery, has been shifted to a private room now. In a heart-rending email to a friend, which TOI got access to on Saturday, he talks about what it feels like to lose a wife along with an unborn child. He also talks about how he believes in his heart that India and its people will give him justice. Excerpts from the email:\"My heart was ripped open on May 5th 2012 in agony; I was told that my wife Kshama had passed away with our unborn child... You will have to stand in front of a speeding BMW to feel what I felt when I saw her. Twelve beautiful years, from college to UK and back to India, and this is where we are. Who would have thought that the decision to come to Gurgaon for two to three days to get my father-in-law treated for his heart condition would end up like this. My wife is no more, my mother-in-law has multiple fractures and is critical, my father-in-law has a broken backbone and I have a fractured pelvis. There is disbelief, there is anger and then there is frustration - is this what Gurgaon is all about? Is this how cheap life is to people... Will Kshama get justice? Of course, she will. I believe this and so do more than 20,000 other people in and around Gurgaon and across India who have joined the movement to support us. I don't even know who started the Facebook page and petition... I just know that they are all around us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hisar", "code": "13116688", "title": "Youth held for murder bid on his father over land dispute", "text": "HISAR: A Hisar village youth has been arrested on attempt to murder charges, after he shot his father over a land dispute.The bullet hit Balwant Singh, 59, on his hand and according to doctors at the hospital, Singh is out of danger.Kuldeep Singh, 25, a resident of Sandlana under the Narnaund police jurisdiction, who works as a mechanic in Jind, had come to his house on Friday and asked his father to transfer one acre agriculture land to him.When his father refused to give the share from the land, he started thrashing his father and shot at him.Police officials said they were investigating from where the accused got the pistol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13115566", "title": "Maoists will be dealt with firmly: Chidambaram", "text": "ITANAGAR: Union home minister P Chidambaram on Saturday said unlawful activities of Maoists will not be tolerated in the northeast. State governments in the region have been instructed to deal with such elements firmly.\"There will be no compromise with Maoists trying to destabilize peace in the region and police have been instructed to take action,\" Chidambaram told reporters in Itanagar. There was minimal presence of Maoists in the region, he said while lauding the efforts of Assam and Arunachal Pradesh governments for dealing with the Maoists firmly.\"There is no reason to allow such elements in the region to create disturbance,\" he said, appealing to people not to encourage such elements. Chidambaram and Union minister of state for home Jitendra Singh were in Itanagar on a day-long visit. They reviewed the security in Arunachal Pradesh .\"I am satisfied with the security system of the state but much more needs to be done. Efforts will continue as per plan,\" Chidambaram said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125338", "title": "Rajkot boy reaches Godhra, sent to remand home", "text": "VADODARA: Godhra police have sent a six-year-old boy to a remand home after it failed to trace his family. The boy was found from Godhra railway station late on Saturday night.The boy had accidentally reached Godhra railway station after boarding a train from Rajkot.\"The boy, named Jitesh Demabhai Koli, had boarded Somnath-Jabalpur train on Saturday from Rajkot. He informed us that he was a resident of Rajkot but he does not have any contact numbers of his parents,\" said F L Vasava, a police inspector with Godhra's B division police station.After he was handed over by vendors of the Godhra railway station, Godhra police had kept the boy at the police station till Sunday noon.\"We had contacted Rajkot police to locate the boy's family but we could not trace his family. Now we have handed over the boy to the remand home while we are further investigating the matter,\" said Vasava.According to cops at Godhra, the Rajkot police hasn't received any missing child's complaint. \"We are further trying to ascertain all the details and cross checking whether the boy is providing us the right details,\" added Vasava. Cops are even trying to find the whereabouts of his parents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114679", "title": "Ole! Its the Spanish inquisition", "text": "You walk in not knowing what to expect. There's hardly anything to give it away, just a sign along the NH 17 announcing its presence. And then it hits you; right in the middle of busy, noisy Porvorim is this slice of serenity. Dressed in pristine white and shadowed by mango trees is Maracas.A tapas bar that promises soul-satisfying food is not an everyday endeavour in Goa. Few can perhaps claim to successfully run such a venture so far away from where the original concept began. But Ralph Pinto is one of the brave ones. He came down from Canada and saw potential in a Spanish-style dining experience. The restaurant has just a few months under its belt but has already got people talking about it.The decor and ambience aside, the one aspect that sticks, and perhaps the only one that matters, is the food. With an exceptionally large variety of 'bite size' portions, the menu is dotted with dishes that draw inspiration from all around the world.Start your meal with a light, fresh bruchetta. The flavours of the spicy tomato, salty feta and crunch of garlic toast explode in your mouth and prepare you for the next round.Perhaps if dates are to your liking, the Goan chorice-stuffed dates will be right up your alley. Who would have thought the marriage of spicy, tangy Goan sausage and sweet, succulent Middle Eastern dates would be one made in heaven? But it is, and it's dishes like these that have you scouring the menu and wanting to sample more.And that's just what Maracas anticipates from its guests. Which is why all the tapas have an option of a smaller portion and a slightly larger one for those who need a little more to hit the spot.Everything on offer comes either in twos or sixes. Another must-try is the self-explanatory bloody Mary prawns. And you can't go home without picking on one of their 'sliders'. There are at least five combinations of toppings that top your mini burger. So depending on your taste buds or even your mood that day you have plenty to choose from.And surprisingly, in the utmost pleasant way, is the variety of vegetarian options. The poached pears with cream cheese filling is unusually delicious. The combination of the sweet pear and luxuriant cheese topped with the crunchy walnuts works wonderfully. And if you still have room after sampling the myriad morsels on offer, wade over to the main course section and take your pick between the tender Mediterranean beef tenderloin and the Maracas-special baked potato melt.Currently ongoing, is a two-day grill food special ending on Sunday. There are wings, chops, steaks and seafood on offer, apart from the usual menu.At Maracas, they encourage you to take your time with your food. Intersperse it with a drink or two and lots of conversation. It's not unusual to see people come in here at 7pm for a drink and end up staying back till 12am for \"just one more for the road\".It is open six days a week, from 11am till midnight, with Tuesday being their day off.++++What to eatSLIDERSPhiladelphia rollsCost factorA meal for two without alcohol would cost rs 1500", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13114588", "title": "Just another day of toil for bedridden son's mother", "text": "KEONJHAR: Mother's Day has little meaning for 45-year-old Padmabati Nayak of Dhenkikote village under Ghatagaon block, about 35 km from here. It's just another day of toil for the tribal woman, who has been tending ceaselessly to her 18-year-old son, bedridden since birth owing to an unknown disease. Her struggle compounded after she lost her husband in a road accident four years ago.\"It is a great example of a mother's perseverance and affection. At an age when a boy is ready to take on the responsibility of his family, he is still completely dependent on his mother. Due to poverty his mother can not arrange proper medical care for him. She has already spent a huge amount of money on his treatment, but to no avail,\" said a villager.A distressed Padmabati, who has three daughters too, said, \"If further medical treatment is not provided to my son he will die. We have no money to spend for his treatment anymore.\"Her 15-year-old elder daughter has had to leave school to work as a labourer to provide financial support to the family. The other two daughters attend a local school, only because they get the mid-day meal there, often their only source of sustenance.\"The government has constituted funds for free treatment of poor people. If they apply for help, we will extend all support for the boy's treatment,\" said additional district magistrate Braja Kishore Nayak.\"The government has several funds like the Red Cross, Odisha state treatment fund, chief minister's relief fund, etc., for free treatment of the poor suffering from various diseases. But this tribal boy has so far not received any help,\" said Nrusingh Singh, a social worker in Dhenkikote. \"There are many companies conducting profitable business in the district, but none of them extend support to such poor people though they claim to be conducting several social activities and free health facilities. They should come forward to help people like Padmabati,\" Singh added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115320", "title": "Soon, Volvo buses to Jaipur, Agra", "text": "GURGAON: After the success of super-luxury Volvo buses to Chandigarh, the Haryana Roadways is planning to start Volvo bus service from Gurgaon to Jaipur and Agra. Depending upon the number of passengers to these cities, the bus service will be first started to any one of the two cities, Agra or Jaipur, on a trial basis.This was stated by the Haryana state transport director general, Arun Kumar, who was in town to launch new city bus service in Gurgaon on Saturday.He also announced the induction of five new buses into the fleet of Volvo buses run between Gurgaon and Chandigarh. Now the number of AC Volvo buses operating between Gurgaon and Chandigarh has increased from nine to 15. Kumar said that from next month after every hour Volvo bus from Gurgaon to Chandigarh would be available for the passengers.He said that for the convenience of the passengers, Volvo bus service from Gurgaon to Chandigarh was started in the year 2008 and daily, about 1,200 passengers are travelling in these buses. As compared to regular buses, the Volvo ones are equipped with comfortable 49 seats and for the convenience of the passengers, it is embedded with big LCD screen. The passengers travelling in these buses are provided drinking water and free newspapers. The passengers could also book their tickets online from Transport Department's website.He also said that the Haryana Roadways would soon start the construction of two new bus stands at Gurgaon. These bus stands would be constructed in three acres of land in Sector 29 and in five acres of land near Rajiv Chowk. Also, inter-state bus stand would be constructed in the district and the old bus stands would be renovated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116136", "title": "\u2018Many pluses in our Parliament, but disruptions a big worry\u2019", "text": "There was a big change in our Parliament from the fourth Lok Sabha (1967 to 1971) onwards. Since 1952, the first three Lok Sabhas had an overwhelming Congress majority. There were more than 350 party MPs in the first three Houses.Things changed from the fourth. Those days, general elections and polls in the states were held simultaneously. For the first time in 1967, many states, including Bengal, Tamil Nadu , Punjab, UP, Bihar and MP voted non-Congress governments and it had an impact in the LS. Congress seats came down to 282.This Parliament has witnessed extraordinary occasions. Many things have changed. There are so many good, young members. The Rajya Sabha has functioned well.It suffered a terror strike in 2001, and yet transacted business the very next day after the attack. When the 1971 war was raging, the House sat daily.I first became a member of Rajya Sabha in 1969. Since then, we've come a long way. But, there are certain things I find worrisome. In the earlier days, this was the forum for great debates, when foreign policy, the international situation and Plan allocations were keenly discussed. Standards were high. Though, I must add here that the budget discussions continue to be of high standard. There were far fewer disruptions then. This is a recent trend. Between December 3 and 16, 1971, when the Indo-Pak war was on, Parliament sat every day. Sometimes , there was a curfew and the lights would be out by the time we left the House. I remember members holding candles on their way back from Parliament.The speech Indira Gandhi made in Parliament after the war got over rings in my ears. It was stirring. The address wasn't long, but it had a great impact. One standout feature of that speech was that it didn't say anything against Pakistan . I remember every word.There were some extraordinary occasions. I remember the day the ESMA Bill (1981) was passed. I was leader of the Rajya Sabha. Proceedings began at 11am and ended at 6am next day. Members sat through without a break. The opposition had brought many amendments, for all of which voting had to be conducted. Piloo Modi, I recollect, asked if he could sit in his seat and vote. In those days, members had to walk across the hall to vote.As told to Mohua Chatterjee", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13123406", "title": "Crisis in Karnataka BJP would be resolved: Sadananda Gowda", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the crisis in Karnataka BJP deepened with former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa calling him a \"betrayer\" and likened him to the \"devil\", Karnataka CM Sadananda Gowda has expressed hope that the current crisis would be resolved as they have been in the past.Gowda, who is in Delhi to meet BJP president and senior leaders to discuss the party's current crisis in Karnataka, told newsmen that he has not received any resignation letter either from the ministers or the MLAs.\"I read about it (resignation letters) through the newspapers that about 7 ministers, 17 MLAs have submitted their resignation to Yeddyurappa. I can only react when I get their resignations in my hand. We have had so many tussles earlier also. We have solved everything. I hope everything will be resolved,\" he told reporters.Earlier, in unusually sharp remarks, Yeddyurappa vented his anger over BJP not being supportive of him after the Supreme Court ordered a CBI probe into his alleged involvement in illegal mining during his tenure, saying he was \"deeply pained\" at the attitude of party leaers.\"In Congress whenever a prominent leader faces allegations, that party rises to protect him and tell people that law will take its own course.\"In further embarrassment to BJP, the sulking leader praised Congress president Sonia Gandhi and her party for being supportive of leaders facing trouble \"unlike\" his own party.\"I have to praise Sonia Gandhi. I noticed that Congress party and its people are united and supportive if any one of their party members gets into trouble. They help each other and resolve the problems,\" he said.\"But in BJP, people will be waiting for a person to get into problems and to sideline him. In BJP, people try to pull the chair and grab someone else's position also,\" he added.Yeddyurappa was also critical of Gowda's comments that a politician cannot expect God to wash off his sins by making offerings in remarks seen as a dig at him.He likened the chief minister's remarks to \"devil quoting the scriptures\".The 70-year old Lingayat strongman, who is entangled in a spate of corruption cases, has made repeated attempts to regain chief ministership but the central leadership had made it clear that he has to come clean in the charges levelled against him for his reinstatment.Ignoring the reported directive by BJP high command to him not to precipitate the crisis, Yeddyurappa continued to hold discussions with his loyalists over their future action.He persisted with the demand that a meeting of the legislature party be convened to discuss party affairs and other issues. Last week, a group of MLAs had demanded an emergency legislature party meeting.Yeddyurappa claimed nine ministers and about 15 MLAs handed over their letters of resignation to him yesterday and more are likely to follow by tomorrow.They were upset over the chief minister's letter to BJP President Nitin Gadkari seeking disciplinary action against them because \"they were close to me\", he said.In the 225-member Karnataka Assembly, BJP has a strength of 120. Yeddyurappa claims to have the support of at least nine ministers and 45 MLAs.Asked if he would resign from the party, Yeddyurappa said \"I have not taken any decision. I will take a decision at an appropriate time after consulting my ministers, leaders\".(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13125427", "title": "Pregnant women, lactating moms neglected in Kerala", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Though Mother's Day was observed on Sunday, hardly few anganwadis support pregnant women, lactating mothers and ensure proper nutrition and care.Of the 4.36 lakh pregnant women and lactating mothers, around 2.1 lakh receive support at 33,115 anganwadis across the state.Anganwadis give supplementary nutrition, health care and referral services with immunization and infant care under the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS) to pregnant women and lactating mothers. Records available with the Social Welfare Department (SWD) indicate that over the past five years, the number of pregnant women and lactating mothers, who approached anganwadis for support, fell from 2.27 lakh in 2008 to 1.97 lakh in 2012.\"This decline over the last five years could be attributed to better living standards in Kerala which prevents them from seeking such benefits or may be it fails to meet their expectations,\" said SWD joint director Dr P Prathapan. The supplementary nutrition chart for pregnant women and lactating mothers, prescribes 150 gram of upma made of broken wheat, groundnut oil and vegetables, 190 gram of payasam, a 180 gram mixture made of green gram, jaggery and grated coconut and 200 gram mixture of aval with jaggery, grated coconut and groundnuts. However, SWD officials say at least one of these items totalling above 775 kilo calories need to be offered to pregnant women and lactating mothers.The functioning of panchayat's anganwadis is far better than those in corporation and municipality limits across the state. \"Panchayats offer wheat upma breakfast, a rice porridge lunch and evening snacks. Though supplementary nutrition must be given to pregnant women and lactating mothers 300 days a year, it is provide on all working days. Monthly meetings are necessary to raise awareness among them,\" said SWD additional director Jayashree.But many anganwadis mostly in corporation limits have stopped providing supplementary nutrition though some offer medicines and vitamin tablets.\"Earlier, a glass of milk andwheat based upma was offered at anganwadis, but they stopped supplying supplementary nutrition five years ago,\" said Omana, a mother of two from Chengalchoola colony.Karamana resident and mother Shanthakumari said, \"Earlier some medicines were offered to pregnant women and lactating mothers, but they stopped that also.\"\"This is happening even after SWD has set aside Rs 60 crore for providing supplementary nutrition under ICDS in 2010-11 and Rs 37.78 crore in 2011-12. These funds were distributed to local bodies to implement the scheme, but only a few have utilised it properly, said a SWD official on condition of anonymity.Thiruvananthapuram: Even as the Mother's Day is ceremoniously observed on Sunday, there is a huge gap in offering support to the Pregnant Women and Lactating Mothers at the care giving institutions such as Anganwadis across the state. The stark reality is that except on paper, hardly few Anganwadis support these mothers, by ensuring proper nutrition and health care.Of the 4.36 lakh pregnant women and lactating mothers (PW and LMs) who form beneficiaries at the 33,115 Anganwadis across the state, about 2.1 lakh are covered, with a huge gap of 2.25 lakh PW and LMs left uncovered as per the records. Coverage means offering support to the needy pregnant women and lactating mothers with supplementary nutrition, health care and referral services with immunisation and infant care under the Integrated Child Development Services (ICDS).The records available with the Social Welfare Department (SWD) also indicates a drastic decline in the number of PW and LM beneficiaries obtaining Supplementary Nutrition in the last five years from 2.27 lakh in 2008 to 1.97 lakh in 2012. \"This drastic decline in the number of pregnant women and lactating mothers who depend on care giving institutions such as Anganwadis in the state over the last five years, could be attributed to better living standards in Kerala which prevents them from seeking these benefits or may be that it fails to meet their expectations,\" says Dr. P Prathapan, SWD joint director.The Supplementary Nutrition chart for Pregnant Women and Lactating Mothers in Kerala, prescribes 150 grams of Uppuma made of broken wheat, groundnut oil and vegetables, 190 grams of Payasam, a sweet delicacy, a 180 gm mixture made of green gram, jaggery and grated coconut and 200 gram mixture of Aval with jaggery, grated coconut and groundnuts. However, the SWD officials say that not all these need to be given on a single day, at least one of these components totalling above 775 kilo calories need to be offered to the PW and LM beneficiaries at Anganwadis across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13114763", "title": "Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education results declared, girls outshine boys", "text": "AJMER: Girls students again outshone boys in the Class XII commerce result of the Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education which was declared on Saturday. The overall pass result remained at 80.55 per cent in which 89.29 per cent were girls and 77.62 per cent boys. In comparison to last year, the result of Class XII commerce remained less this year.Chairman of the board Subash Garg announced the result by clicking a button on his laptop. For the second time, board has released the results before CBSE. \"We wanted that the students who passed Class XII can prepare for entrance tests in various institutions and still get enough time, hence the early announcement of result,\" Garg said. He added that this time the girls' students have done comparatively better in the exams than the boys.\"This shows that girls of the state are now coming up to the standard,\" he said. Garg also called the top three students of the examination and congratulated them and even asked about their future plans and wish them success in future.According to the board, total 93,883 students registered for the Class XII commerce exams from the state in which 70,410 were boys and 23,473 were girls. A total 92,819 candidates appeared of whom 69,496 were boys and 23,323 were girls. Altogether 16,819 boys passed with first division and 11,711 girls were in the first division.Overall, 74,764 students passed in the exam of whom 53,940 are boys and 20,824 are girls. A total 28,536 students passed with first division, 41,433 in second division and 4,779 in third division. Also, 16 students passed in the exam on margin and 7,824 students got supplementary in the exam.Last year, 92.67 per cent students passed in the exam and in 2010, the pass percentage was 93.37. Similarly in 2009, it was 94.01, in 2008 it was only 79.23, and in 2007, the overall pass percentage was 80.04.Garg said the result was released on different websites when he clicked the button and there were heavy rush seen on most cyber cafes in different parts of the state. Mostly students who pass with merit were happy and the board also released a separate district-wise merit list stating roll numbers, marks scored and name of students who got positions at the district level.InfografixClass XII commerce result at a glanceTotal candidates appeared - 92819Total passed students - 74764Total girls passed - 89.29%Total boys passed - 77.62%Overall result - 80.55%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114473", "title": "Ambedkar toon triggers protest in Osmania University", "text": "HYDERABAD: The heat of the controversial cartoon on Dr B R Ambedkar was felt in the city with students of Osmania University taking out a rally against the Union human resource development (HRD) ministry here on Saturday. Around 100 students belonging to various organizations took out a rally from the Arts College to NCC Gate demanding resignation of Kapil Sibal for allowing NCERT officials to include the \"derogatory\" cartoon in the textbook. When stopped at the NCC Gate, the students entered into a heated argument with police. The students burnt the effigy of Kapil Sibal at around 11.30 am and disbursed peacefully. \"The central government should understand that insulting a national leader whose popularity is increasing by the day will not be tolerated,\" said M Krishank, a student leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13121717", "title": "Om Prakash shatters 12-year-old shot put national record", "text": "NEW DELHI: Om Prakash Karhana on Sunday shattered Shakti Singh's 12-year-old national record in shot put on his way to achieving London Olympics qualification 'A' standard in a meet at Szombathely, Hungary .Om Prakash, who has already crossed the London Games 'B' standard, tossed the iron ball to 20.69m in the Su-Di-Ka Kupa meet. His effort eclipsed the previous national record of 20.42m held by Shakti Singh since 2000, one of the longest national records in Indian athletics.The ONGC employee has been training at the IAAF High Performance Centre at the Hungarian town of Szombathely.His Sunday's efforts bettered London Olympic Games 'A' standard of 20.50m, besides placing him on ninth spot in the current world rankings.Om Prakash, currently training under Anil Kumar , recalled with gratitude his short stints under Shakti Singh long ago.\"The weather suddenly plunged below 15 degree Celsius from the previous day's 33 degree and that affected me and other throwers heavily in returning our best. Besides this there was a gusty wind followed by heavy rain that prevented further ambitions in this regard,\" Om Prakash said.His series read as 20.09, 20.60, Foul, 20.40, 20.63, 20.69. It meant he improved the national record at least three times during his throw.It was only a second competition for the Indian this season after he touched 19.86 on April 14.Om Prakash is planning to take part in one of the Diamond League meets in July in Europe before the London Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125317", "title": "It's raining jobs at Parul Group campus", "text": "VADODARA: Shailendra Prasad, a city-based electrical engineering student, is the only one from Gujarat, who has been selected from among 1,000-odd aspirants by the Indian Army. As placement season is in full swing at Parul Group of Institutes, it is the likes of Prasad who are coming out with flying colours.Over 124 industries have visited the city-based education institute offering jobs to over 490 students this year. If Prasad, a student of Parul Institutes of Engineering and Technology (PIET), will be joining Indian Military Academy in July, Divyesh Davis, a mechanical engineering student, has bagged the highest salary package - Rs 4.50 lakh per annum offered by SRF Limited.\"This year, information technology (IT) industries were the biggest recruiters in terms of bulk recruitments. Heavy engineering and infrastructure industries offered the best packages for the students of our institute,\" professor Amod Kolte, training and placement officer at PIET told media persons here on Sunday.\"Fifty one industries have offered over 310 jobs to our engineering students. This translates into more than 75 percent placement of the total interested candidates this academic year,\" said managing trustee of Parul Group of Institutes Dr Devanshu Patel, adding that the average package of engineering students is Rs 2.60 lakh per annum and TCS has selected 34 students.In management stream, the highest package stands at Rs 3.01 lakh per annum which has been offered by US auto giant General Motors Limited.\"Nine of our students have also been short-listed for the final round by Federal Bank which has offered Rs 6 lakh per annum package,\" said Patel, adding that average salary package of MBA and post graduate diploma in management students is Rs 2.17 lakh per annum.Both HDFC and ICICI banks have picked up 17 and 16 students, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13118359", "title": "Mumbai Indians no cakewalk for Royal Challengers Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: The ease with which the Royal Challengers Bangalore won their last two encounters has brought them closer to playoffs but a tough challenge awaits them on Monday in Mumbai Indians who have lost just one away game in IPL 5 so far.Except for the loss against table-toppers Delhi Daredevils at Ferozeshah Kotla, Mumbai have won all their away matches this year with ease.Mumbai thrashed Chennai in the inaugural match at Chepauk by eight wickets, trounced Deccan Chargers in Visakhapatnam by five wickets, Kings XI Punjab by four wickets, Pune Warriors India by one run and Kolkata Knight Riders by 27 runs.Other than the matches in Pune and Mohali, which were decided on the last ball, the rest were comfortable wins.The win against Knight Riders' on Saturday has brought Mumbai Indians to third in the table with 16 points, one less than second-placed Kolkata.They would like to jump to number one spot on the table while the RCB would be eager to join the top-four as they are at number five and locked with Chennai Super Kings with 15 points.With a convincing win against Knight Riders on Saturday in the away game, Mumbai seem to be on a roll and will be quite eager to avenge the drubbing they received at RCB's hands.One thing that separates the two teams though is bowling. Mumbai have perhaps the best Twenty20 bowler in Lasith Malinga.With 20 wickets from just eight games, the Sri Lankan slinger has made batsmen struggle for runs against him. He has an astonishing economy rate of 5.36 per over in a form of game where seven runs per over is the normal scoring rate.Skipper Harbhajan Singh is also back in form claiming two wickets for 18 runs against Pune and Munaf Patel, RP Singh and Kieron Pollard have been among the wickets in patches.Pragyan Ojha has been blocking up the flow of runs at the other end with his tidy bowling.RCB batsmen Chris Gayle , Tillakaratne Dilshan, Virat Kohli and AB de Villiers would be up against Mumbai's strong bowling line-up and the home fans would be eager to watch the battle between Gayle and Malinga.RCB have been well-served by left-handed West Indian powerhouse Gayle (490 runs from 11 games) at the top and de Villiers (301 from 12 games), who can switch-hit powerfully to spoil the bowlers' plan.Dilshan has settled in the top-order well and RCB would be depending a lot on this overseas trio and Kohli in batting. However, Mayank Agarwal and Saurabh Tiwary have not come to the party.Even Mumbai have depended too much on classy right-hander Rohit Sharma and Ambati Rayudu, who have been simply superb in scripting unbelievable heists.Sharma, who hammered a stunning unbeaten 108 against Kolkata last evening, took his tally to 401 runs in 13 games. Rayudu, on the other hand has amassed 230 runs from 12 innings.The team has also struggled to find a partner for Sachin Tendulkar at the top. With Herschelle Gibbs scoring an unbeaten 66 against Kolkata, it would have given the management some hope against Bangalore.An interesting battle is awaited when Sri Lankan tweaker Muttiah Muralitharan would look to get Tendulkar out cheaply.The tales of both captains in respective field of their expertise have been sour. Harbhajan Singh has claimed five wickets from 13 games and Kohli has scored 246 runs from 13 games. They, however, have been marshalling their resources thoughtfully and successfully.Teams (from):Royal Challengers Bangalore: Daniel Vettori (Capt.), Mayank Agarwal, KP Appanna, Prashanth Parameswaran, Arun Karthik, Raju Bhatkal, AB de Villiers, Tillakaratne Dilshan, Chris Gayle, Mohammad Kaif , Abrar Kazi, Zaheer Khan , Virat Kohli, Charl Langeveldt, Andrew McDonald , Abhimanyu Mithun, Muttiah Muralitharan, Karun Nair, Dirk Nannes, M Gautam, Ryan Ninan , Asad Pathan , Luke Pomerscback, Harshal Patel, Asad Pathan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rilee Rossouw , Jamaluddin Syed Mohammad, S Thiyagarajan, Saurabh Tiwary, R Vinay Kumar, Vijay Zol.Mumbai Indians: Harbhajan Singh (Capt.), Sachin Tendulkar, Abu Nechim , Amitize Singh, Aiden Blizzard, James Franklin , Kieron Pollard, Ambati Rayudu, Y Chahal, Clint McKay , Herschelle Gibbs, Davy Jacobs , Richard Levi, Dwayne Smith , Dinesh Karthik, Dhawal Kulkarni, K Yadav, Lasith Malinga, Sushant Marathe, Pragyan Ojha, Munaf Patel, Robin Peterson , Sujit Nayak, Rohit Sharma, Suryakumar Yadav, Jaydev Shah , Rudra Pratap Singh, T Suman, Pawan Suyal, Aditya Tare, Apporva Wankhede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "konnagar (hooghly)", "code": "13116036", "title": "Pilgrims die in Hooghly river tragedy", "text": "KONNAGAR (HOOGHLY): Festivities turned into mourning when a country boat carrying 19 pilgrims from Sukchar in North 24-Parganas to the Shakuntala Kali Temple in Konnagar, about 25 km from Kolkata, capsized in the Hooghly around 1am on Saturday.Luckily, a police launch was moored nearby. Policemen and locals managed to rescue 12 people from the river in the dead of night. Two bodies were found after sunrise. But the fate of the rest, including a two-year-old child, was not known till late Saturday evening. Officials feel that the bodies may have been carried away by the tide and an alert has been sounded at all ferry ghats.Every year, lakhs of pilgrims from Kolkata and the districts of Hooghly, Howrah, North and South 24-Parganas and Budwan flock to the temple in Konnagar for the annual festival. The boat was near Baromandir Ghat in Konnagar when disaster struck. When the boat started rocking, the boatman jumped into the river, leaving his passengers to fend for themselves.On seeing the boat overturn, constable Biswajit Mondal jumped into the water before the police launch could even start for the spot. Ferry workers Tarun Roy and Aurobinda Santra, who were resting at the ghat, heard the screams and cobbled together a rescue party of pilgrims and locals. Twelve survivors were picked up by the police launch.\"It was dark and there was little else we could do,\" said one of the rescuers. After sunrise, people in Khardah, North 24-Parganas, spotted a body near the local ghat. It was identified as that of 33-year-old Pompa Mondal. Some time later, the body of 20-year-old Tusi Sardar was spotted near Kotrung Battala Ghat in Uttarpara.The families of those missing went from ghat to ghat hoping for a miracle. Shampa Mondal hasn't left the riverbank since the wee hours of Saturday. \"Please look for my son. I clutched him to my chest when the boat capsized but he was swept away,\" she pleaded. There was no trace of Kankon, her two-year-old son, till Saturday evening.According to another survivor , Rama Bhowmik, all was well till the boat neared the riverbank. \"Suddenly, there were gusts of wind and the boat began to sway. But instead of helping us, the boatman jumped into the river and swam away. The water was very choppy and people panicked. Within minutes, the boat capsized,\" she said.Civil defence personnel also joined the search but it was not until 1pm - 12 hours after the sinking - that professional divers arrived from Kolkata. They entered the water around 3pm.The accident has brought to light the absence of any monitoring at the ferry ghats on either bank of the Hooghly. Most of the jetties in the districts are dilapidated structures that have no specified load mark. This is the nor'wester season and the wind tends to pick up speed abruptly, resulting in more water bounce, said an expert. Boats plying across the river are not monitored. The ferry ghats lack even basic rescue equipment like life jackets and buoys. Every day, thousands of commuters risk their lives by crossing the river on mechanized boats that are little more than flimsy wooden structures.\"We had no equipment to carry out a rescue operation. It is sheer luck that the police launch was nearby, otherwise many more lives would have been lost,\" said Tarun Roy, the ferry ghat worker. Hooghly SP Tanmoy Roy Chowdhury said that his men were alert and this made a major difference.Trinamool Congress MLA Tapan Dasgupta said that the government is treating the accident with \"due seriousness\". \"This is a tragedy and the government will decide how to help the affected families,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114939", "title": "CCTV footage helps nab two suspects in Hauz Khas robbery", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi police is close to cracking the Hauz Khas robbery in which a car of a leading IT broker and restaurateur was looted three days ago. Two persons, including a former driver of the IT broker, have been detained, a police source said.The robbery took place in the Hauz Khas area around 5:30pm on Thursday. Though the source said Rs 2.48 crore was looted too, the FIR had no mention of it.A source in the special cell said they were detained after a tip-off and analysis of CCTV footage from the BRT corridor.The former driver of the IT broker had resigned a few days back and was being probed for his role in the incident, police said. \"We have found the former driver was present at both places - Lajpat Nagar from where the four accused had started trailing the victim in their Corolla car and at the Panchsheel flyover where the robbery took place. CCTV camera footage at the BRT intersections - like the Archana crossing - has also helped us locate the Corolla,'' said the source, adding that raids across the NCR were being carried out to nab the accused. Cops were tightlipped on whether any cash was recovered from those being questioned.Preliminary investigations have revealed that the victim's accountant, Sukanto Roy, was trailed from Lajpat Nagar. The miscreants knew the route the accountant would take.Roy told police a person came out of the car and identified himself as an income-tax officer. He sat with Roy on the rear seat while another person got in and sat next to his driver, Sanjay.Police said Sanjay was told to drive on while the Corolla continued to trail the vehicle. Soon, the two men in Roy's car whipped out guns and asked Sanjay to drive towards Vasant Vihar where they robbed Roy's briefcase that allegedly contained cash. Roy and Sanjay were made to get off at Munirka, as the miscreants fled, taking away the Chevrolet and the money, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13116230", "title": "Pre-monsoon health drive from May 16", "text": "KOCHI: A pre-monsoon sanitation and disease prevention drive will be launched in the district on May 16. At a meeting held on Saturday to evaluate the measures taken to check the spread of contagious diseases before the onset of monsoon, food and civil supplies minister Anoop Jacob said that all officials concerned should focus on preventive measures, especially in areas where migrant workers had set up their camps.\"Extreme care should be taken to ensure that these areas are not turned into slums. Hygiene and garbage management here should be given due importance,\" he said.\"The district health department has been supplied with required quantity of medicines. Special teams have been deployed in various wards to ensure sanitation. Moreover, special attention will be given to ensure hygiene while manufacturing soft drinks and sodas. Cleansing of water bodies and canals and waste disposal in coastal areas will be taken care of,\" the minister said.Instructions have been given to the district administration to ensure drinking water in Piravom which will further undergo quality tests.District medical officer Dr R Sudhakaran said that Rs 1.74 crore had been allotted for the district as part of the pre-monsoon cleaning drive.The meeting was attended by Pambakuda block panchayat president Sherly Stephen, Elanji grama panchayat president Annamma Andrews, Koothat tukulam grama panchayt president Seena Johnson, Muvattupuzha RDO S Shanavas and tahsildar T S Swarnamma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13115576", "title": "Iran pitches cleric as next Shia leader", "text": "NEW YORK: Iran, the world's largest Shia nation, is pushing a Tehran-based hard-line cleric Ayatollah Mahmoud Hashemi Shahroudi to become Iraq's next supreme spiritual leader, heightening fears in the Gulf.Shahroudi, 63, is being positioned to succeed Iraq's top spiritual leader Grand Ayatollah Ali al-Sistani, triggering fears in an already shaky region that Iran's long-term goal is to transplant its Islamic Revolution to Iraq, New York Times reported.Iraqi-born Shahroudi has spent most of career leading the Iranian judiciary and remains a top government official.The Times said with Iranian financing, Shahroudi for has for months been building a patronage network across Iraq, underwriting scholarships for students and distributing information.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114452", "title": "Ladakh clash: CO relieved of charge, unit to be disbanded", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shaken by the violent clash between officers and jawans of an artillery regiment at Nyoma in eastern Ladakh, the Army on Saturday started a court of inquiry (CoI) into the breach of discipline and \"relieved\" the commanding officer of his charge.The Army also began to \"move back\" the 226 Field Artillery Regiment to its \"permanent location\" at Durbuk from the Mahe field firing range, where the brawl on Thursday evening had led to Colonel Prasad Kadam, Major A K Sharma and sepoy Suman Ghosh, among others, being hospitalized with fractures, bruises and other injuries.Sources said Colonel Yatinder Nandal has been temporarily given the command of the artillery unit in place of Colonel Kadam.The CoI, headed by a brigadier, will establish the chain of events and the \"complicity\" of the officers and jawans involved, who would then face a court-martial and dismissal from service. The 226 Field Regiment itself will be \"disbanded\" at a later stage, with the around 550 soldiers being posted to different units.All this came amid defence minister A K Antony directing the Army to present a \"detailed report\".Clash was an act of indiscipline, not a mutiny: ArmyThe Army on Saturday continued to maintain that the Ladakh clash on Thursday evening was \"an isolated act of indiscipline\", insisting it could \"in no way be termed a mutiny\". \"Neither were any arms and ammunition used during the incident, nor did the jawans capture the armoury,\" said a senior officer.The Army also denied that the stand-off was still in progress with the jawans, who got agitated after sepoy Suman Ghosh was mercilessly thrashed by young officers for daring to complain about the behaviour of a major's wife during the firing training camp at the Mahe ranges.\"The situation was defused on Friday itself after 3 Division commander Major General A L Chavan and the artillery brigade commander rushed to the spot and interacted with the troops,\" said the officer.The startling free-for-all in the highly disciplined environs of the Army has sent shock waves down the ranks, with the episode being viewed as \"a complete failure of command and control\" in the unit.Earlier, an extensive study conducted into the high suicide rate in the 1.13-million-strong Army by the Defence Institute of Psychological Research had held that \"perceived humiliation and harassment\" at the hands of their superiors often served as the final \"trigger\" for jawans to take their own lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "everything begins and ends with my mother", "code": "13118926", "title": "Like mother, like son", "text": "Everything begins and ends with my mother: Abir. A strict disciplinarian, who scolded me often - that's what my mother RumkiChatterjee used to mean to me. It was only in the first year of college that we struck up a close friendship.Apart from the natural camaraderie between us, there is also a healthy respect for each other as professionals in the same field. As a person, she is honest, straightforward and no-nonsense. She is a tough critic and never praises me in front of others. Her simplicity is most valuable to me and she is the medium through whom I have learnt all about life. Everything begins and ends with her and trying to acknowledge her contribution would be a futile exercise. When it comes to acting, I prefer to see her on stage and she likes to see me in films that are 'different'. My mother is excellent on stage and I would give her a 9.5 on 10 but she is also very natural in front of the camera. When I started out, a lot of directors who had worked with her used to say that my acting style was akin to my mother's, which was a huge compliment. This year, Mother's Day will mean a rare holiday for me with the family, though I do not believe in any kind of special days. Sharing screen space with Abir in Kahaani was an interesting experience : Rumki. Though Abir never expressed an interest to work in films, growing up in a family so much involved with acting must have influenced him somewhere. I think he is developing with each of his works and I have liked his choices so far. Bomkesh is a favourite but I also appreciate his work in comedies which is a difficult genre. Sharing screen space with Abir in Kahaani was an interesting experience. My new-found fame as 'Abir's mother' has been the best gift that Abir could have given me for Mother's Day. It makes me very happy when he is recognised for his work and I feel proud of him as my son. - Motherson duo Abir and Rumki Chatterjee are actors", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116189", "title": "CIC says Vohra report annexures be made public", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the pre-RTI era, the Supreme Court had ruled that it would be \"severely and detrimentally injurious\" to public interest if annexures to the N N Vohra Committee report, containing details of the alleged nexus between politicians, bureaucrats and criminals, were disclosed.But the Central Information Commission (CIC) has now directed that these annexures be made public because the government had not bothered to explain its failure to disclose them in response to an RTI application.The order passed by information commissioner Sushma Singh on May 10 directed the home ministry to provide the annexures to RTI activist Subhash Chandra Agrawal within two weeks.Since the government had only provided the already-public main report of 12 pages, the CIC warned the government that the government's refusal to disclose its annexures spread over 100 pages could invite penal proceedings under RTI for giving incomplete information.Given the probability of the annexures to the Vohra report naming political leaders who still wield clout, the government is more likely to appeal against the CIC order than to comply with it. Though it would be hard pressed to justify the cavalier manner in which it had withheld the annexures in its RTI reply without any explanation, the government's best bet for letting them remain under wraps is the SC judgment of 1997 on a petition filed by MP Dinesh Trivedi .Though based merely on the technicality of an omission in the RTI reply, the CIC order has for the first time raised the larger question whether the statutory immunity provided to intelligence agencies could be penetrated when their inputs had been annexed to the report of a high-powered body like the Vohra committee.The Vohra committee submitted its report in 1993 in the wake of the Bombay blasts taking off all the available information about \"the activities of crime syndicates/mafia organizations which had developed links with and were being protected by governmentfunctionaries and political personalities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13116492", "title": "Katariveera runs into saffron brigade in Dakshina Kannada", "text": "MANGALORE: Kannada actor Upendra's 3-D movie Katariveera Surasundarangi has run into trouble with the saffron brigade here.The screening of the 3-D film was stopped in Dakshina Kannada, Udupi and Chikmagalur districts, with activists terming scenes in the film as derogatory and hurting religious sentiments.Sharan Pumpwell, convener of Bajrang Dal , who stopped the screening of the film here on Saturday, said: \"The depiction of Hindu Gods in the movie is derogatory in nature. The producer says it is entertainment. But we fail to see what is entertaining. What message will it send to the society, particularly children, who may believe the absurd depiction of Gods in that movie.''Sharan said unless and until all objectionable scenes are deleted, they will not allow the movie to run in the three districts.In Udupi, Shiroor Mutt seer Laxmivara Theertha led the protest and saw to it that the screening was stopped in a theatre.Actor Upendra told STOI that he had heard about the protests from producer Munirathna. \"He told me that he will sit with them and see to it that the scenes they deem objectionable or derogatory are removed,'' he added.Sharan said the protests will not stop till their demands are met and protests will be held in Bangalore on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13125197", "title": "Railway exam aspirants throng Allahabad junction", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Group D railway examination was conducted at different centres across the city on Sunday. There was heavy rush at Allahabad junction as scores of candidates arrived to appear in the exam. Security personnel comprising Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force had a tough time managing the crowds.The examination was conducted in two meetings. In the first meeting, about 23,652 candidates were present while 35,388 candidates were absent. The first meeting started at 9:30am and ended at 11:30am while the second meeting commenced at 2:30pm and ended at 4:30pm.There was heavy rush of candidates at the different examination centres since morning. The candidates hailing from other places arrived in the city on Saturday night itself and were camping at the Allahabad railway junction and other places. There was about 150 multiple choice questions in the examination paper.The examination was conducted at 76 centres. The group D examination is being conducted for selecting candidates for the posts of assistant pointsman, gateman, porter, box porter, helper trackman, parcel porter office peons and peons.Meanwhile, heavy rush of candidates was witnessed at the Allahabad junction after the exam. The regular passengers had to suffer on account of the rush of candidates.On account of the heavy rush of the candidates, an extra sleeper coach was attached in train number 15159 Sarnath Express. Further, an additional sleeper coach was augmented in train number 15003/15004 Chauri Chaura Express. In addition, Allahabad-Chunar passenger was extended upto Mughalsarai. The train halted at the stations of Kailahut, Ahraura Road and Jeonathpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116272", "title": "Norway minister meets Montek, lobbies to protect Telenor interest", "text": "NEW DELHI: India's reputation as a destination for foreign investment could be dented if telecom operator Telenor quits India due to licensing and regulatory issues, Norway's trade and industry minister Trond Giske said on Saturday as he launched a bid to urge the government to solve the impasse.Telenor holds 67.25% stake in Uninor, and the remaining is held by Unitech. Unitech Wireless' 22 licences were among the 122 cancelled by the Supreme Court in February on grounds that former telecom minister A Raja ignored norms while issuing them. The SC has ordered a fresh auction and operators whose licences were cancelled have till September 7.\"If a company like Telenor can lose $3 billion in India, it has an effect on other foreign investors. They ask if your (state-run) company can lose that money, how will private companies be treated?\" Giske asked referring to its investment in India.He also said if Telenor's investment in India fails it would probably be the biggest loss in foreign investment for a Norwegian firm. Giske said this would have an impact on other investors but added it was possible to find a solution. He said he discussion with Indian policymakers was fruitful and was hopeful of a resolution.\"I think it is possible to strike a balance and find a common ground where both Supreme Court decisions are fully respected, revenues to the Indian government is secure and competition and good service are provided to customers through participation of Telenor,\" Giske said.Telenor has also said the recommendation of the telecom regulator TRAI on spectrum auction is \"out of proportion\" and the firm has said it would explore options if the proposals go through. The Norwegian company is looking at severing ties with its Unitech, but on Saturday the CEO of Telenor said currently the firm's focus is on the regulatory aspect.The Norwegian firm had earlier threatened to exit India, saying it will be tough to meet the spectrum auction norms and Trai obligations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115257", "title": "Man promised job, duped of Rs 15 lakh", "text": "GURGAON: A Gurgaon resident's son was allegedly duped of Rs 15 lakh by a Delhi-based couple, who had made false promises of procuring a job for the latter, a trained pilot, in a leading airlines company.The Sadar police have lodged an FIR against the couple and are investigating the case. According to the police, Rajendra Gahlot, a resident of Sector 34 have lodged a complaint with the Sadar police station against a Delhi-based couple. In his complaint, he told the police that his son Rahul had recently come back from the United States after a pilot's training's course. The family came to know about a placement agency that provides job for pilots from their friends.They approached the placement agency, BPGA placement, situated in Sector 11, Dwarka, Delhi. They met the agency operator O P Malhotra and his wife Mohini Malhotra and they promised them that they will get a job for Rajendra, for which the family was supposed to pay Rs 25 lakh.\"We gave them Rs 15 lakh as advance on the very day. But even after several days had lapsed, Rahul didn't get a call for job. When we contacted the couple, they did not give us any satisfactory answer and also refused t give the money back,\" said Rajendra Gahlot. \"We have lodged an FIR against OP Malhotra and Mohini Malhotra,\" said Yashwant Yadav, SHO, Sadar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13118605", "title": "British PM David Cameron auctions Sachin Tendulkar's 'most valuable' bat", "text": "LONDON: British Prime Minister David Cameron , who considered a bat signed by Indian cricket icon Sachin Tendulkar as one of his 'most valuable possessions', has donated it to raise money for a cricket stadium in Rwanda .The bat fetched 3,400 pounds (approx Rs 3 lakh) at an auction at the Lord's to raise funds for the stadium project, the Daily Telegraph reported.Some days ago, at an event of the Conservative Friends of India, Cameron had spoken how he cherished the bat and Tendulkar's signature during his visit to India in 2010.He told the Indian audience that he was horrified when he saw his wife Samantha play French cricket with the same bat at the Chequers, the Prime Minister's country residence, adding: \"I said, 'No, darling, put it down, this is probably the most valuable possession I have.'\"The auction, held in the Long Room at Lord's, was to commemorate the life of Christopher Shale, Cameron's constituency chairman, who was found dead at the Glastonbury festival last summer.Shale's son, Edo, said the event raised almost 130,000 pounds for the project.He told the daily: \"We are all delighted and a little exhausted. These funds are the springboard this charity needs to take us into the construction phase of the cricket stadium.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115604", "title": "Nursing students sick; hostel food suspected", "text": "MADURAI: Ninety-six nursing students of the Madurai Medical College have been hospitalised after reporting vomiting and diarrhea. More than 60 students were admitted to the government hospital on Friday night and the remaining got sick on Saturday, allegedly due to food poisoning in the hostel mess.Hospital sources said the students were recuperating, and would be discharged when healthy. The girl students said they started vomiting, hours after lunch at the hostel. Meanwhile, hospital authorities have collected food samples and sent them for analysis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114236", "title": "Park to open gates this monsoon", "text": "NAGPUR: If wildlife wing of the state forest department is to be believed, this year's rain will not play a spoil sport for wildlife lovers as you may get the chance to visit the jungles.The department is examining the possibilities to keep national parks and sanctuaries open during monsoon, when generally the park remains closed. The issue was discussed during the meeting of high ranking officials of forest department with the principal secretary of the department Pravin Pardeshi. The principal secretary, who was in the city for a two-day review meeting of forest department officials, has asked PCCF wildlife (Maharashtra) SWH Naqvi to find out the feasibility of the proposal.Till a couple of years ago, Tadoba Andheri Tiger Reserve (TATR) was the only national park which remained open during monsoon. However, sources said, only the Moharli gate of TATR was kept open as the distance between the gate and the lake was only 20km and since it is tarred road it was easily accessible. But, for the first time in 15 years of its creation, TATR closed its gates for tourists during the 2011 monsoon.Speaking to TOI, Naqvi said that if the national parks and sanctuaries are kept open during monsoon it will help the forest department to protect wild animals in the entire state.Moreover, it will also help in providing employment to villagers residing near these parks and sanctuaries, said Naqvi. Nevertheless, sources clarified that if the proposal is implemented the private vehicles will not be allowed inside any sanctuary and national park. For example, in Nagzira's Pitezari Gate and Chorkhamara, there are around 25 gypsys owned by locals and they can get employment during the rainy season.Naqvi further said that a visit to the forest during the season would be a different experience altogether and tourists can enjoy its rich biodiversity. Besides greenery, different species of reptiles and birds can be seen inside national parks and sanctuaries, he said. \"Navegaon national park is an ideal place for bird watching,\" he added.The move will also help in monitoring poaching activities inside protected forests. Even tourists can inform the guards about it. Besides, caseslike Palasgaon, where two tigers got trapped, can also be avoided, said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116101", "title": "Luxury eyewear makes way into Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Here's your chance to look at the world through the same frames as Angelina Jolie and Matthew Bellamy or, closer home, Shah Rukh Khan and Sushmita Sen. Tom Davies or TD - the designer eyewear that is sported by many celebrities all over the world - has arrived in Kolkata and will be available at a city-based optical store.'TD' spectacles and sunglasses are all made-to-order and it is this bespoke attribute that makes them so exclusive. Naturally, they don't come cheap-spectacle frames cost a minimum of Rs 25,000 and sunglasses much more. All frames are handcrafted with titanium and Japanese cotton acetate. And if the customer expresses desire, even Indian buffalo horns can be put to use. The frames are occasionally embellished with gold or diamond leaf. What's more, a customer's name is engraved discreetly on the inside of the frame's arms.\"How big or successful is my business varies from place to place. It is very important for me to work with the right kind of partner. Also, I think this price point is acceptable to the Indian people as they have already resorted to brands like Prada and Armani,\" Tom Davies said.Although the business elites and the silver-screen celebrities have been using the brand since long but Davies always wanted to expand his business to India. It is hard to import frames and shades in bulk and that was the precise reason of tying up with the city-based optical which will be the sole store in India who will stock TD brand, said Davies.Davies, who himself designs 40 frames a month, has tied up with 1,200 optical stores worldwide spreading across 24 countries. \"I am careful about my business partners. I am not in a hurry.\" Out of these 1,200 partners, 800 are doing good business while 400 are just pulling through.Davies is now eyeing markets in China, Korea and Japan. He has his studio and designing hub in London and another studio in Chicago , while the workshop is in China. \"I hope to have my own shop in London in 4 to 5 years,\" Davies said with a smile on his face.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114444", "title": "Rajasthan aim to win against Pune to keep playoff hopes alive", "text": "JAIPUR: Out of the reckoning for a place in the playoffs, a demoralized Team Pune will look to salvage some pride when they take on Team Rajasthan at the SMS on Sunday. Pune's inconsistency has been a major concern for them as they have not been able to build a winning momentum.Following their seventh straight defeat against Bangalore on Friday, sans regular skipper Sourav Ganguly, Pune are in tatters. Rahul Dravid's men are hoping to exploit the opportunity in his backyard. On paper, Rajasthan certainly have an edge and will go all out for a victory.But that would not be enough as they will have to win all remaining three matches to keep their playoff hopes alive. Rajasthan are lying sixth with 12 points from 13 matches.On the other hand, Pune are in eighth position with just eight points from 14 matches.The season began well for Pune, with three wins in their first four games. Then the slide began. Pune have struggled as a batting unit, with Robin Uthappa, Manish Pandey and Mithun Manhas having failed to impress. Their bowlers too struggled to deliver at crunch situations.They will need Jesse Ryder and Uthappa, to fire at the top. Even after Ganguly decided to sit out, Pune couldn't stop their miserable run. Their Australian import Michael Clarke hasn't really fired the way it was expected. The only saving grace is the bowling of pace duo Angelo Mathews and Wayne Parnell.Although Ganguly claimed that he had taken a break against Bangalore, it seems unlikely that the former India skipper will be back on the field on Sunday. The team has been hit by a leadership crisis, which might have affected the team's morale.As a veteran, Dravid is well aware of how to handle the situation when the opponents are going through a bad patch. With Australian all-rounder Shane Watson and pacer Shaun Tait in the side, Rajasthan would certainly have a vice-like grip over the visitors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13114881", "title": "YMCA\u2019s pool plan keeps basketball players on edge", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncertainty looms large over practice sessions at Andheri's YMCA basketball court as talented children dribble in a synchronized fashion, painting a promising picture for a sport that barely receives attention. The court at YMCA Boys Hostel in D N Nagar is a favourite ground for hundreds, including national level players and coaches.Anxious players are wondering how long the court will be available for them as they fear the YMCA may close down the facility in order to make space for a swimming pool.\"Basketball was invented at the YMCA in Springfield, Massachusetts,\" says former India captain Rajesh Srivastav. \"There are many swimming pools in the city but very few basketball courts, and this is the cheapest and best one between Bandra and Borivli. The YMCA charges around Rs 250 as annual fee. We hope it remains this way,\" he added.Of the 200-odd children who practice here every day stay in the Andheri-Juhu belt. If the court closes, they will have to travel to YMCA's other court, located in faraway Dahisar.\"Two years ago, the lawn tennis facility was closed down for the swimming pool, but work is yet to start. Basketball could fall by the wayside too,\" says a state champion, who is barely 14 years old and has been playing for eight years already. Her teammate points out that Bollywood actors, CEOs, businessmen and expats frequent the court.However, the YMCA clarifies that the shutdown will be temporary and is part of a complete overhaul of the Andheri branch. The basketball court will be back in a new and improved form.\"The squat structure will make way for a vertical building that will enable us to utilize the open ground for more activities including swimming. The basketball area will be shifted to the front portion of the compound. In fact, once it is shifted, it will be visible from the road and will draw more players as people will know that the facility exists,\" says a YMCA spokesperson.The YMCA has additional FSI and wants to use the extra space to accommodate the poor orphans who live in its Andheri hostel.The players and the YMCA home in to the argument that it was the YMCA where the game originated and it must be preserved. Clearly, they may yet come to a common ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115876", "title": "General aviation gets own flight inspectors", "text": "NEW DELHI: Taking into account the fast-growing general aviation (GA) sector and to ensure the safety of Indian skies, the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA) has in a radical move decided to appoint dedicated Flight Operations Inspectors (FOIs) on secondment from it. Till recently, FOIs were examiners - senior and experienced pilots - who were either government employees or from private airlines. But with this move, FOIs are being selected from GA too. GA, incidentally, includes flying for recreation, personal transport and business and includes small helicopters to corporate jets.According to the Business Aircraft Operators' Association, India has some 550 general aviation planes. But often, companies owning them had to wait for already over-worked FOIs from airlines to decide when they were free to do the checks of their planes. DGCA Bharat Bhushan said that he had come across the ludicrous situation of a 777 commander checking a Gulfstream, a vastly different plane from what he had been trained on. \"Already, four FOIs have been selected for GA and more are in the offing. They will only check planes of GA. Companies send in the names of pilots whom they deem fit and we select them after seeing their availability for us, quality of checks done and their paperwork,\" he says.FOIs are the eyes and ears of the DGCA and are attached to the Flight Standard Directorate of the DGCA. They do regular inspections of scheduled airlines, proficiency checks of pilots, approve documentation, etc. Presently, there are 22 FOIs for aircraft.However, this new move hasn't gone down well with pilots of scheduled airlines as they feel that GA pilots don't have much flying experience and therefore shouldn't be included.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114925", "title": "Woman among 4 held for robbing tourist", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four people, including a woman, have been arrested by the central district police for robbing three people in central Delhi, including a Japanese tourist, police said.The accused, Ashok Kumar , Ravi, Arjun and Sonam, committed the crimes earlier this month.Complainant Yuka Umakoshi's (a Japanese national) passport, $43, Rs 2,930, one ATM card, 2,000 yen have been recovered by the police. Apart from that, complainant Uttam Bera's PAN card, Rs 440 cash and complainant Santosh Kumar Jha's voter I Card of, one country made pistol and two live cartridges have also been recovered.\"The known criminals of the area were interrogated. It was then revealed that Satish could have been involved in the case. A tip-off was received and the accused persons were apprehended,'' said Devesh Srivastav, additional CP (central).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13114109", "title": "Table toppers Delhi crash to nine-wicket loss against Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The smiles are back and the whistle podu is finally loud and clear at the Chepauk. It's still not known whether Chennai will be in the playoffs in a week's time, but they have finally made a statement of intent, that too against the hottest team in the competition.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in Pics | Top performers of IPLTheir emphatic nine-wicket win over Delhi on Saturday night has taken Dhoni's boys to 15 points and they are still in a sudden-death situation as they approach the last two games in Kolkata and Mohali over the next one week.Delhi, of course, have all but sealed one of the top-two slots, and they lacked the intensity that is so crucial in this format. With the wicket not exactly conducive for stand-and-deliver strokeplay, it needed one among the top-four to stick around for a while.But the likes of Virender Sehwag (4), David Warner (8) and Mahela Jaywardene (8) couldn't quite do that and the Chennai spearhead Ben Hilfenhaus (3-27) deserves all the credit for restricting Delhi to a paltry 114-5. The Aussie paceman removed Sehwag with a beautiful outswinger that knocked the skipper's off stump in the very first over.Warner was again looking in ominous touch, but he wasn't too keen to allow the initial Hilfenhaus storm to blow over. With the ball stopping just a bit after pitching, Warner went for an expansive-drive and gave a simple catch to mid-off. Hilfenhaus was again in the thick of action when he got the glove of the in-form Naman Ojha and Dhoni, diving to his left, completed the catch after a bit of fumble.All eyes were on Jayawardene at that stage and the Delhi fans were hoping that the Sri Lankan captain will make perfect use of the stage tailor-made for his kind of batting. But he, too, kept looking for the big shots and perished, leaving his team in doldrums.Venugopala Rao (27 off 24 balls) and Yogesh Nagar (44 off 47 balls) tried to do the repair job, but Chennai, by then, had assumed control. Dhoni changed his bowlers around, tightened the noose, and it was difficult for the lower-order to find the big shots against canny bowlers like R Ashwin and Dwayne Bravo.From there, it was an absolute cakewalk for the Chennai batsmen and the opening pair of M Vijay and Mike Hussey put on 75 runs off the first 10 overs to make it a completely one-sided affair. While Vijay found his touch, playing some lovely shots both off the front and backfoot, Hussey looked the perfect accumulator, making maximum use of every opportunity that came his way.He also ensured that the Chennai top order didn't miss Faf Du Plessis, who was still recovering from fever and couldn't take part in the game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114216", "title": "Infighting among Nationalist Congress Party workers comes to fore", "text": "NAGPUR: The infighting between Nationalist Congress Party (NCP) workers has escalated with senior party leader Dilip Pankule lodging a complaint with Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel alleging irregularities in party's internal elections.A delegation of NCP activists led by Pankule met Patel at the airport and submitted a memorandum in this regard. The senior leader pointed out that during the internal elections of the NCP, there was a total chaos. Active office-bearers and members were ignored. \"Observer Dhananjay Dalal should verify the facts and then conduct the polls,\" demanded Pankule.Moreover, factionalism has increased within the party and the present city president had not invited any active members of the party. In his memorandum, Pankule alleged that the party faced humiliating defeat in the recent Nagpur civic elections due to weak leadership.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115684", "title": "A company grows if its people grow: Subhash Dharkar", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) recently conducted a human resources (HR) training workshop for HR managers and officials from private companies across Nashik.The skill of HR managers depends on how they approach the union and its workers, and steers them in the right win-win direction, said Subhash Dharkar, director of Subhash Dharkar &amp; Associate, a speaker at the event.Addressing the workshop, Dharkar emphasized the importance of good personnel management. \"Human resource management is key to a company's growth. The responsibility of monitoring company disputes is part of challenges faced in HR. These problems can be handled and sorted out properly only if the HR manager has adequate knowledge and is well- prepared in advance,\" Dharkar said.Suresh Ogale of Kalp Consultants spoke on HR law and answered audience queries on legal issues that emerge in personnel management.HR managers and officials from companies in Satpur, Ambad, Sinnar and Dindori industrial areas, including corporations such as Mahindra &amp; Mahindra, Coca Cola Kirloskar, Epcos, Hindustan Unilever Ltd, and General Mills, participated in the training programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114520", "title": "HC orders 3% Vidya Sahayak seats for disabled people", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court (HC) has asked the state government not to fill three per cent of total posts of Vidya Sahayak for the physically challenged people.The Blind People's Association (BPA) had filed a PIL challenging the state government's decision of not keeping three per cent of posts reserved for physically challenged and visually challenged persons as per the provisions of the Persons with Disabilities (equal opportunities, protection of rights and full participation) Act, 1995.BPA moved HC contending that the state government was denying teacher's jobs to physically handicap persons claiming that there are various tasks that cannot be properly performed by challenged people. HC sought explanation from the government. However, the state government did not submit its reply on various pretexts and tried to skirt the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114849", "title": "Pune produces 10% of state's e-waste", "text": "PUNE: The Centre has made it compulsory for manufacturers of electronic and electrical equipment to collect e-waste generated from their products. In Pune, such a step is likely to reduce the burden on the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) which is finding it difficult to manage its e-waste (waste generated by improper disposal of electronic/electrical equipment).The concept of Extended Producer Responsibility under the E-waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011, makes it mandatory for manufacturers of electronic and electrical equipment to collect e-waste generated after the expiry of their products. This could be done by setting up collection centres or by taking back systems either individually or collectively. The Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF) has notified the Hazardous Wastes (Management, Handling and Transboundary Movement) Rules, 2008, for proper management and handling of hazardous waste in the country. E-waste (Management and Handling) Rules, 2011 were notified on May 12, 2011 and have come into effect from May 2012.Collection centers are required to obtain authorization from the respective state pollution control board within three months from the date of commencement of rules. Similarly, dismantlers and recyclers are required to obtain authorization and registration from the state pollution control board. E-waste generated is required to be sent to authorized and registered recyclers for environmentally sound disposal. The respective state pollution control board can take action as per the provisions of the Environment (Protection) Act, 1986 (29 of 1986) in case of a violation.The Centre's move has come as a breather for the PMC. Repeated orders by the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) notwithstanding, the PMC has failed to make a substantial provision for collecting and disposing of e-waste generated in the city.The MPCB report had pointed out that the total Waste Electrical and Electronic Equipment (WEE) in Maharashtra amounts to 20,270.6 tonnes, out of which Pune contributes 2,584.21 tonnes and Pimpri Chinchwad area contributes 1,032.37 tonnes. The MPCB report says that the obsolescence rate of cellphones in the city is two years, computers five years, TVs fifteen years and refrigerators seventeen years. This means, cellphones sold in Pune today will be e-waste only after two years. It is not a surprise that the Central Pollution Control Board has identified Pune as one of the top 10 cities generating e-waste.\"It is a fact the despite all efforts we have failed to manage our e-waste. Daily we collect all kinds of batteries, electric bulb, CFL lights, computers, handsets, mobile phone accessories, batteries, circuit boards and switches. We don't have a proper mechanism to dispose of e-waste. It is good that the government has now made producers accountable,\" said a senior PMC health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13114611", "title": "Rosogollas &amp; gold coins for Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "KOLKATA: The sense of occasion has never escaped the Eden Gardens crowd.In a 15-minute slot before the toss, Sachin Tendulkar was to be felicitated by the state government and the CAB for his hundred international hundreds.Chief minister Mamata Banerjee and CAB president Jagmohan Dalmiya took turns to present him with a gold-plated trophy of bat and ball, a painting, an English translation of 'Geetabitan', Rabindranath Tagore's book of musical compilation, 100 gold guineas, 100 'Rajbhogs' (magnum-sized rosogollas) in a huge bat-shaped container, dhuti-punjabi (dhoti-kurta), a shawl and a saree for wife Anjali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "13120071", "title": "Jilted youth lynched for killing ladylove's father", "text": "BURDWAN: A jilted youth gunned down the father of his lady love and was in turn lynched by locals at Mangalkote in Wet Bengal's Burdwan district.Superintendent of police S M H Mirza today said the 32 year-old youth, employed by a private telecom company, had entered the girl's house at Eta village with a pistol last night.Finding the girl sleeping with her mother, he shot her in her hand and hips injuring her critically.Hearing the noise of the firing, the girl's father rushed into the room and was shot at fatally in his forehead and heart and he died on the spot, Mirza said.Neighbours rushed out and caught the youth who tried to train the pistol on himself and commit suicide. His pistol was, however, snatched away and he was lynched.The girl was later rushed to hospital, where her condition was stated to be critical.Mirza said the girl, an undergraduate, had been in a relationship with the youth, who is a resident of a near-by village for the past three years but had stopped communications with him since March.Some letters written by her and some photos of her and the youth were found on the person of the youth.Police registered two FIRs in connection with the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115114", "title": "Portals expect big bash, join Mother's Day bandwagon", "text": "LUCKNOW: From flower baskets and fancy jewellery to attractive apparels and specially designed mugs for your mother, the choice of gifts seems to be simply endless. In addition to the above fancy items, there are regular gift items such as cards and the trendy collection of footwear and dresses. Interestingly saree, which is considered as an item of daily usage or used on special occasions, has also made it to the list of gift items.And, what seems to the best part is that many shops in the city are offering discounts and schemes for the occasion.There are also various schemes this time for online shoppers also. A popular online shopping portal has come with affordable range of jewellery starting from Rs 135 and with that they are also giving a free gift. Another portal is also a number of freebies along with the purchase.Sunil Rajpal, a manager of a prominent retail store said, \"We have 'buy one get one free' offer on jewellery items for Mother's Day . We have another new offer that is if one shops for Rs 3,000 or more, he gets a voucher worth Rs 500 free.\" Shops are drawing huge crowds. \"Many people add value to our lives, but mother is undoubtedly the most special person. I am looking for a special gift for my mother,\" said Ambika Pandey, a student of class 10{+t}{+h}. Rita Sehgal, a B Com student says, \"This year I am planning to gift my mother a purse and a pair of gold earrings.\"Another leading gift store has come up with a range of gift items like new burger shaped jars, candle stands, trays, teddies, variety of new cards, photo frames dedicated to the Mothers. It is also offering 30% discount on jewelleries. \"In the last two days, I have sold more than 50 sarees to young girls who wanted a gift for their mother,\" said Ramesh Gupta, a shopkeeper of a city-based store. Salwar kurtas are also on demand. \"My mother loves chikan kurtas and Lucknow is famous for chikan work. I am gifting four kurtas to her on this day,\" says Richa Arora, a BTech student.Poems go perfectly with flowers and gifts. They give a personal touch to gifts. \"I have written some poems for my mother to make her realise that she is indeed very special. I have also ordered a bunch of flowers. In the morning when she'll see flowers in front of her, I am sure she'll be surprised, and then in the evening I'll take her for a movie,\" said Pooja Shukla, a college goer.Florists are also in demand for Mother's Day. \"I have 50 home delivery bookings in advance and the number will go up further. We have also received special demands for flowers like Carnations, Lilies, Gladiolus,\" said Sahir, a florist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13116370", "title": "When wrong number emits right signals", "text": "SURAT: Their story even amazed the crime branch team. Police had earlier detained a couple from Vapi on Friday on suspicion of involvement in a human-trafficking racket. However, when police got to know how a wrong number played cupid between the lovers, they were amused and decided not to arrest them.Sumitra alias Nandini Naik was living with Sarbeshwar Shetty. On a tip-off from Orissa police, she was rescued by police from Vapi. However, Naik told police that she and Shetty were married. She said that two years ago she had dialed a number to speak to her friend but by mistake got connected to Shetty. As Shetty was busy then he did not pick up the call on his mobile. However, he called back after a while on seeing the missed-call and both talked for a while. Thereafter, they started calling each other regularly and became friends.Naik is a resident of Sikoda village in Nayagadh district of Orissa while Shetty belongs to Bharisol village in Orissa.Shetty then went to work in Goa for sometime and later got a job in Vapi. However, their friendship continued. They then decided to meet at Bhubaneswar where they subsequently got married in a temple.After marriage, the couple settled down in Vapi. Naik's family approached police whose investigation revealed that she was located in south Gujarat.Sumitra has been sent to a shelter for women and Shetty allowed to go home. Now, Orissa police will question her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13121558", "title": "Khushbir fails after Irfan qualifies for Olympics in 20km walk", "text": "NEW DELHI: Young Khushbir Kaur finished a disappointing 71st in women's 20km race walk after Irfan Kolothum Thodi qualified for London Olympics in men's 20km competition on the second and final day of the IAAF World Race Walking Cup at Saransk, Russia on Sunday.Khushbir, who had bettered the Olympics qualification 'B' standard of 1:38.00 last month in the Federation Cup which was not a London Games qualifying event, clocked 1:44:07 to finish 71st. She had clocked 1:37.28 in Federation Cup at Patiala.The other Indian who made entry in the event, Deepmala Devi did not start. Eightysix athletes completed the race.On the first day on Saturday, Irfan became the third Indian to qualify for Olympics men's 20km race walk as he crossed the London Games 'A' standard of 1:22.30 in his 19th place finish.Irfan, who made waves with an outstanding performance in the recent Federation Cup at Patiala, clocked a personal best of 1:22:09. The 22-year-old Keralite, who has been training at high altitude Madras Regimental Centre in Wellington, Nilgiris, joins Gurmeet Singh and Baljinder Singh for London Olympics.Senior teammate Babu Bhai Panucha finished 24th, clocking a personal best time of 1:22:56 but was just outside the London Olympics 'A' standard.Surender Singh finished 34th at 1:24:05 while young Maniram Patel was disqualified.In the team standings, the men's 20km race walk team finished a creditable fifth. It is indeed a great achievement as they fought with the elite teams from around the World.The Russian team finished on top while China were second. Ukraine and Australia took the next two places in the prestigious event which served as a qualifier for London Olympic Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13114658", "title": "Relief for Rachel Faleiro as graft case is withdrawn", "text": "MARGAO: The special court, North Goa, has allowed an application filed by the prosecution to withdraw a corruption case against wife of former chief minister Luizinho Faleiro Rachel Faleiro and two others in a land purchase case.The other accused in the 11-year-old case were Mukta Ganesh Daivajna and former talathi of Cortalim-Quelossim panchayat Ravindra Pandit.Public prosecutor Pramod Hede moved an application for withdrawal of the case while Ashwin Bhobe defended the accused. The order was passed by special judge Nutan Sardesai of the special court, North Goa, Panaji , on Friday. The crime branch had on September 13 filed the chargesheet in the sessions court against the trio under the Prevention of Corruption Act and the Indian Penal Code.The chargesheet filed by the Crime branch stated that then-Cortalim talathi Ravindra Pandit and Mukta and Rachel in furtherance of common intention allegedly hatched a criminal conspiracy. The charge was that the three allegedly committed forgery of documents in respect of survey number and used the same as genuine for their personal benefit and committed offences under sections 120-B, 417, 420, 466 and 471 of the IPC and under section 13(1)(d) read with section 13(2) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara/anand", "code": "13116335", "title": "Modi attacks Centre for not helping Indians in Angola", "text": "VADODARA/ANAND: Chief Minister Narendra Modi attacked the Centre for remaining silent on the issue of Indian workers trapped at Sumbe cement plant near Sumbe town in Angola, Africa. There are many people from south Gujarat working in Angola.Addressing a gathering at the inauguration ceremony of Krishi Mahotsav in Petlad taluka of Anand district on Saturday, Modi said despite repeated attempts from his side, Union government has not taken any steps to help these workers.\"Across the globe, there would be no country, which is not worried about its citizens. In the last 24 hours, I have made constant efforts, approached the Prime Minister's office but there is no response. What is their situation, what is the government doing to help those trapped at Angola? The Centre has neither taken any steps nor is it giving any response,\" he said.On Friday, Modi had written to Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh expressing concern over the safety of industrial workers and appealed to ensure safety of Gujarati and youths of other states trapped there. At Petlad, Modi also met Chiman Valmik, father of Gujarati youth Vijay Valmik, who is among the 35 workers from Gujarat, who have reportedly taken shelter in the forests.Earlier on Friday, leader of opposition in Gujarat assembly Shaktisinh Gohil had also visited the Valmik family. He wrote to foreign minister and the Indian embassy in Angola asking that the stranded youths be helped immediately.Gohil in his letter had said that a Chennai-based firm had lured the Indian youths to Angola with promise of high salaries. Workers of the cement plant went on a strike recently as they had not been given salaries. Following the strike, police fired bullets and also beat them up while some workers were put in jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13114300", "title": "Anna Hazare to raise ryots' issue next", "text": "YAVATMAL: Along with corruption Anna Hazare is planning to take up farmers issues next.Addressing a mammoth rally in Yavatmal on Friday, the anti-corruption crusader hinted that he would launch an agitation from New Delhi to take up the farmers' issues. \"I have held a joint meeting of the farm activists of Haryana, Punjab, and Delhi and they are ready for any such agitation forwarding their cause,\" Anna said.\"On the one hand, farmers are being denied the privilege of finalizing the market price of their own produce, on the other, the powerful industrialists and manufacturers freely spell out prices of their product. This is planned exploitation and it should be stopped,\" he said.Anna also expressed his willingness to work with yoga guru Baba Ramdev in the fight against corruption and to bring back country's wealth stashed in foreign banks as black money. \"I and Baba Ramdev will travel through the states to create a mass awareness about the impending threat to Indian democracy from the tainted political leaders. Due to corruption for the last 65 years the common man has been at the receiving end,\" said the octogenarian activist.\"People run from pillar to post seeking solutions for their problems but nobody listens to their grievances,\" Anna said. The amount looted by these corrupt politicians was 'hijacked' to the foreign banks and the promises made by the government to bring black money back don't seem to be turning fruitful.Currently, the veteran activist is on a statewide public awareness campaign in favour of a robust Jan Lokpal for the country and powerful Lokayukta for the states. Kick-started in Shirdi on May 1, the campaign that seeks autonomy for the Jan Lokpal on par with election commission, would conclude on June 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114379", "title": "TRS boycotts T-JAC meet as BJP stands firm on contest", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Telangana Rashtra Samiti (TRS) has made it quite clear that it would not give up its stake in the Parkal Assembly seat to the BJP after boycotting the meeting called by the Telangana Political JAC (T-JAC) on Saturday.The meeting, to which BJP, too, had been invited, was meant to work out a consensus between the two parties which have both declared their intention to contest the Parkat bypoll.With TRS staying away, BJP leaders had nothing much to do but leave the meeting midway. Sources said that T-JAC tried to prevail upon BJP to withdraw from the bypolls but was unsuccessful in its bid. \"We are going to contest the Parkal bypoll by all means. We requested T-JAC's support and are hopeful of a grand victory in Parkal. We assured T-JAC that our party would continue as part of the alliance but reiterated our stand of there being no second thoughts about contesting the seat,\" said BJP state president G Kishan Reddy.Caught between the TRS and BJP, T-JAC is now trying to pacify both parties to ensure there is no split in votes.The TRS, meanwhile, is wasting no time to get into the gear and held an election strategy meeting at Parkal on Saturday chaired by former minister N Narsimha Reddy. The opinion in the party is that BJP is contesting the Parkal seat only to benefit the YSR Congress candidate, Konda Sureka, as a split in the pro-Telangana votes would benefit the third candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13114880", "title": "Siddiqui took bomb to Mumbai in a cab", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the arrest of Pune time-bomb planter, Qateel Siddqiui, revealed that he had shared a cab with three other persons while travelling to Mumbai from Pune with the bomb. He came to Mumbai and disposed of the bomb into the sea off Worli in February 2010.Siddiqui (27), said police, was an active member of Indian Mujahideen. \"He was to plant the bomb outside the Shrimant Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010. However, a flower vendor did not allow him to keep his bag containing the bomb there. This forced Siddiqui to leave the place. He then went to a secluded place and first removed the detonators from the bomb and took a share cab to go to Mumbai,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. He added that there were three more passengers in the cab while Siddqiui was travelling in the cab. During his 180 km journey, Siddiqui kept the bomb bag on his lap, police said. He was produced before JMFC Swarup Bose's court in Pune and remanded in police custody till May 21. He was taken into custody in this case on May 2. The police said the bomb was assembled by Siddiqui and his mentor, Yasin Bhatkal, a wanted IM operative.The police said Siddiqui had shown them the place where he had lived in Pune on rent and the route taken to reach the temple on the day of the German Bakery blast on February 13, 2010. The blast killed 17 people and injured 64. Siddiqui and Bhatkal had planned to trigger the blast using a cellphone, said police. After disposing the bomb, Siddiqui fled to Delhi. Bhatkal also left Pune and went to Delhi.Meanwhile, Siddiqui's counsel A Rehman and his junior Kainath Shaikh argued that the alleged incident took place on February 13, 2010, but the FIR was registered after a delay of 22 months. They said the temple had round-the-clock security and CCTV cameras making it difficult for anyone to attempt to plant a bomb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13114652", "title": "'Baga, Sinquerim need water sports jetties'", "text": "CALANGUTE: Fisheries minister Avertano Furtado on Friday visited the Sinquerim and Baga fishing jetties. He was accompanied by Calangute MLA Michael Lobo who informed the minister about the need to extend and expand the fishing jetties so as to enable more fishermen to berth their boats there and also provide berthing facilities for water sports operators.Speaking to STOI, Lobo said that the water sports issue is one of the biggest problems in Calangute due to the proliferation of a large number of water sports operators and consequently a large number of boats. At the moment, the fishing jetties are only allowed for fishermen. But, with the water sports boats also being operated by fishermen, the jetty at Sinquerim is being used by some tourist boat operators.Lobo said that since the jetties are under the fisheries department and the water sports and tourism cruise boat operators are under the jurisdiction of the tourism department, he was trying to find a solution to the problem by bringing the concerned ministers to the jetties and explaining the situation.He said a beginning will be made by extending the fishing jetty at Baga by 50 m. \"Next to the fishing jetty, the tourism department will be given space to operate the water sports activities,\" he said.He said there is an urgent need to provide facilities like a jetty to water sports operators because of the large number of water sports operators on the Calangute and Candolim beaches who operate in a haphazard manner. He cited an incident on Thursday, where a 35-year-old woman from Pune, Kalpana Sonawane, was hit by a jet-ski, and suffered multiple fractures on her right leg. Such incidents are a common occurrence on Calangute beach. Lobo said there is a need to regulate water sports and cruise boat activities apart by demarcating the zones where they can operate. \"I have asked Parrikar to create a new force to regulate this activity. The government is going to frame a policy whereby booths will be set up on the beach to regulate the water sports operators, instead of continuing with the present arrangement which generate chaos. There can be a number of such booths on the beaches, wherever there are water sports operators, and these booths will be operated by the village panchayats concerned. This will also provide employment to the local youth,\" he said.Apart from traditional fishermen who own water sports and cruise boats, it is learnt that many shack operators too have invested in water sports activities because of the lucrative returns, leading to congestion of the beaches, specially on the Calangute-Candolim stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116471", "title": "RAW begins probe to fix blame in Pak terror goof-up", "text": "NEW DELHI: Research &amp; Analysis Wing (RAW), the external intelligence agency, which passed on photographs of Pakistani traders as that of terror suspects planning to attack India, has sought explanations from its handler who generated the alert and his contact about the goof-up.Sources disclosed the move to TOI on Saturday, a day after RAW chief S K Tripathi held a meeting with home minister P Chidambaram on the issue. The bid to fix responsibility in the embarrassing episode comes even as Pakistani media continued to report that it has identified all the five men, whose photographs were issued to various state polices as suspects, who are in India to carry out terror strikes.The Multi Agency Centre (MAC), which coordinates counter-terror intelligence, had on May 6 issued the alert and photographs after RAW had passed them on. Sources said RAW has also introduced a new practice to ensure that all alerts and images are verified and \"double checked\" before they are passed on to MAC.The photos have been an embarrassment after Pakistani media exposed that of the three suspected terrorists - two are local traders and another works as a security guard in Lahore. On Saturday, Pakistani media reports identified the remaining two too as well. Amjad Ali Khan works at a cellphone shop in Lahore's Hafeez Centre, while Nadeem Malik runs a cell phone business in the same city.Sources said, Tripathi had explained exact sequence of incidents to Chidambaram on Friday.\"No intelligence agency in the world can sit on any intelligence input relating to terrorism and will definitely share with other agencies for further course of action,\" said a senior RAW official.Lamenting that the episode has been blown out of proportion, the official said: \"In the past, there have been hundreds of inputs, which have been converted into successful detection, but unfortunately no one talks about them.\"The official cited that RAW input was flawless in uncovering a terror plot in Delhi, where inputs had led to the arrest of Lashkar terrorist Ahtesham Malik, who was planning a blast at Chandni Chowk.On being asked about what action is being planned, the official said \"All the input received from him are being checked and no photograph-based information will be passed on further until a through cross-check is done,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13114566", "title": "348kg man dies 10 days after surgery", "text": "CHENNAI: A 348kg man from Assam, who was going home nearly 10 days after a weight-loss surgery in a city hospital, died in a train at a railway station in Assam on Friday. Doctors here suspect he may have suffered a heart attack due to the strain of the long journey.Sanjay Dey (28), who had been rejected by several hospitals before coming to Chennai, underwent a robotic bariatric surgery at Apollo Hospitals on April 30. Doctors who operated on him had told him that he was at risk of heart attacks and strokes with or without surgery. \"Obesity can cause a series of problems, including heart attacks. Even after the surgery, Dey was at risk because it would take months before he would lose a considerable amount of weight,\" said his surgeon Dr Rajkumar Palaniappan.Doctors say Dey was one of the heaviest patients in Asia to undergo bariatric surgery. They reduced his stomach into a small pouch. The patient was advised not to travel by train after the surgery as it could be stressful. \"We gave a letter of reference to travel by air ,\" he said.Reports from Assam said Dey, who had boarded the Guwahati-bound Ernakulam Express, suffered a heart attack near Barpeta Road station. At Rangiya station, 20 porters took more than four hours to get the body off the train. Dey was accompanied by his brother Tapan. The family members could not be contacted. Doctors say it could be challenging to evaluate risk factors for obese patients ahead of surgeries because they often have unique complaints. For instance, most morbidly obese people complain of breathlessness and chest discomfort that could be a sign of a heart problem or just a symptom of obesity. Morbid or severe obesity is a term used on people whose body mass index is higher than 40. In Dey's case, it was more than 100. \"He hadn't got out of bed for several months,\" said Dr Palaniappan. Before bariatric surgeries, doctors evaluate age, gender, cardio respiratory fitness and electrolyte disorders. Doctors said Dey was checked into the hospital nearly a week before the surgery. \"Despite all this, we lost the patient,\" said Dr Palaniappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116269", "title": "Suruchi, Raju steal the show at Indian Institute of Business Management farewell", "text": "PATNA: Suruchi Suman was crowned Ms IIBM and Raju Kumar was declared Mr IIBM at the farewell function of the 2010-12 PGDM batch of Indian Institute of Business Management (IIBM) here on Saturday. The questions posed by the juniors made the seniors sweat though they answered them with a smile on their faces. Finally, on the basis of their intellect and personality, Suruchi and Raju were declared the winners.While the outgoing seniors enjoyed the bash organized by their juniors, they also felt nostalgic about the place. Over 20 students of the batch of 45 were placed with various companies.The juniors brought live the memories of seniors through a video featuring the activities of the last two years.Founder director of the institution, Prof. U K Singh, wished them luck in all their future endeavours. Rohit Kumar, executive director of IIBM, told TOI, \"So far 20 students of his batch have been placed with corporate houses. They would work in Bihar and Jharkhand. The campus selection is still going on.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13115451", "title": "Cycle race, stunts to promote pedalling", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a view to promote cycling in the city, a slow cycle race and cycle stunt show was organized by a city-based cycle company at GMT Public School near Jalandhar Bypass on Saturday. Nittin Ghai, assistant sales manager of the bicycle company, said, ''We aim to promote cycling in city with this event. It was fun seeing riders trying hard to balance themselves on a cycle. It was a fun event with a cause to promote green living.''Over 100 school children participated in this slow cycle race, which was organized according to their classes. In the slow cycle race, Class II students Gaurav, Ishmeet and Ekjot notched the first three places. In the race that saw the participation of Class III students, Shantanu, Abhijeet, Hemant, Harjot and Muskan won the prizes. Among the Class IV students, Sumit Moong, Aman Nanda and Amanpreet Singh won the race. Next in senior category. Class V students Anmol, Kashish, Tanisha and Priyanka were declared the winners. And for Class VI, Reva, Chandan, Gautam and Hardik bagged the top positions.The second part of the event was a cycle stunt show performed by a group of stuntmen from Chandigarh, who not only enthralled the students by their performance but also taught them a few tricks for stunts. Nitish Majitha, a student of Class IV, said, ''It was a great show and I have learnt rotating the front wheel and lifting the rear from these stunt men.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114564", "title": "Irked NCP may take on Cong at bypoll", "text": "PANAJI: Smarting over its pre-poll alliance partner, Congress, not taking it into confidence over the Cortalim bypoll, the NCP on Saturday said it would contest the byelection on its own.Post its state executive committee meeting, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhonsle told STOI, \"We have informed the party high command about the decision and the high command has given us the green signal to contest the byelection.\"He said NCP will also write to Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar reminding the party about the pre-poll alliance. \"We will demand that NCP should be allowed to field a candidate for the bypoll, and if Congress does not agree, we will contest on our own,\" said Bhonsle.Pointing out that the Congress candidate in Cortalim had bagged the fourth position at the general elections, Bhonsle said the potential NCP candidate, Ramakant Borkar, who finally contested under a UGDP ticket, had stood third. \"Had he contested under an NCP ticket, things would have been different,\" said Bhonsle.On former PWD minister Churchill Alemao figuring as a Congress candidate for the bypoll, Bhonsle said the party appeared confused. \"While Churchill has threatened to quit the Congress, the Congress is considering his name!\"He said NCP will not fight the bypoll on the issues of Mopa airport or medium of instruction, but the fight will be between communal and secular forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114521", "title": "HC stays govt ban on fishing in Amreli reservoir", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat high court has stayed a state government's order prohibiting fishing in a water body in Amreli district. An officer of the fisheries department had prohibited fishing in a lake at Kariyana village on the ground that the \"religious feelings of the villagers were hurt due to fishing in lake.\"An assistant director of fisheries at Jafrabad had asked fishermen to stop fishing and had suspended their license to fish in Kalubhar Minor Reservoir. Left jobless, a group of fishermen had moved the HC submitting that the government's decision to snatch their livelihood citing religious feelings of villagers was illegal and it was required to be set aside.In this case, the fisheries department in November last ordered the fishermen to stop fishing in the lake after the villagers from a nearby Kariyana raised objection to fishing activity because a temple was situated on one bank and they did not want fishing to take place near the religious place. The fishermen agreed on not fishing in the waters near the temple and began their activity at the other end of the reservoir upon restoration of their licenses.However, in February this year, the department once again issued prohibitory orders and suspended their licenses after it received objection from the sarpanch of the village that the business hurts their religious feelings.Before the HC, the fishermen's counsel S H Iyer contended that the fishermen belonged to BPL group and they were awarded contract for fishing for five years. And when a contract is signed, it becomes fundamental right of the fishermen to carry out their business, and on a vague ground of religious sentiments being hurt, the government cannot deprive poor fishermen of their livelihood.After hearing the case, a division bench of justices D H Waghela and Mohinder Pal stayed the fisheries department's decision and ordered to permit the fishermen to carry on with their activity on the other side of the lake till June 19, when further hearing is kept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115650", "title": "Violence at Kattabomman fest, 2 arrested", "text": "MADURAI: Violence that broke out between two communities at Panchalankurichi in Tuticorin district on Friday, has led to the annual Kattabomman festival being cancelled. Two persons have been arrested while 39 others have been taken in for questioning by the police.The annual Kattabomman festival and the Chithirai festival of the deity Veera Sakkadevi of the temple which is situated inside the Kattabomman fort in Panchalankurichi is held for two days beginning on May 11 every year. Descendants of Veerapandian Kattabomman, the local chieftain who was one of the first to oppose the British and did so until he was hanged in 1799, gather inside the fort every year to participate in this festival.Meanwhile, another group of people who claim to be descendants of freedom fighter Veeran Sundaralingam celebrate a similar ritual for their deity Karuppasamy in the temple situated opposite to the Kattabomman fort. As tension prevails during this festival between the two communities, police is always deployed in large numbers in this region in Panchalankurichi during the festival.People from many southern districts including Kamudhi in Ramanathapuram, Kayatharu, Virudhunagar, Sivakasi and Tiruchendur come for this festival.Around midnight on Friday, some miscreants stoned a vehicle at Avaraikulam near Panchalankurichi in which some devotees from Sivakasi were proceeding to the Karuppasamy festival. Immediately, violence broke out with mobs from both sides attacking each other. The van was attacked and set on fire. Rioters also attacked over 23 vehicles, included two TNSTC buses, and attempted to set fire to them.Police led by Tuticorin SP Rajendran who had been deployed in the region had to use lathi charge to disperse the mob and bring the situation under control. They also ordered people to leave the Kattabomman fort immediately and locked the gates. All festivities were cancelled bringing the 156th year celebrations of the Kattabomman annual festival to a standstill.Police personnel were also injured in the riots. Two persons have been arrested and a posse of policemen has been pressed into service near the fort to prevent any untoward incident. South zone IG Rajesh Das and Tirunelveli DIG Varadaraju visited the region at 2 am and reviewed the arrangements to bring the situation under control.Over 20 persons who were injured in the violence were treated at the Panchalankurichi and Oddapidram government hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13116633", "title": "Pollution control board draws HC flak", "text": "SHIMLA: Functioning of the Himachal Pradesh Pollution Control Board is now under the scanner on the issue of setting up of a thermal plant by Jai Prakash Associates Limited (JAL) at Bagheri in Solan district.Ordering the dismantling of this plant, division bench of the Himachal Pradesh high court pointed out that the plant was set up without any valid approval, and construction was carried out even after consent to establish was withdrawn. \"In fact, the pollution control board was negligent in not withdrawing consent to establish the thermal plant earlier,\" the court said.The division bench comprising Justice Deepak Gupta and Justice Sanjay Karol observed, \"We had asked the state to produce record to show in what circumstances was the earlier decision taken about not to entertain such proposals for setting up thermal plants in the future and why did the government change this policy on November 10, 2008, within a short period of only one year. We find that some complaints were received against S P Vasudeva, the then member secretary of the pollution control board, wherein it was alleged that he granted consent to establish thermal power plants without following the policy and norms.\"The court added that the department of environment, science and technology was directed to examine this aspect of the matter. \"The note shows that the consent to establish was accorded without any proper scrutiny of the extent of air pollution these thermal plants would cause. It was also pointed out that no regard was paid to the fact that the thermal plants fall under the negative list of industries in the state's industrial policy. It was specifically pointed out that thermal plants generate carbon dioxide and sulphur dioxide and cause very high level of pollution. It was clearly pointed out that the pollution control board had not properly examined these proposals,\" the court said.The court further observed that setting up of the thermal plant was in total violation of the EIA notification of 2006 which had come into force at the time when consent to establish this plant was given. \"The draft EIA report prepared in the 2007 is absolutely a sham report. It purports to be based on baseline data collected during the summer of 2004 that is April-June 2004. At that time, there was not even a proposal to set up a captive power plant. We fail to understand how the consultants could have collected data in the 2004 before the signing of the MoU, much before the site had been selected or approved and much before there was any proposal to set up a captive power plant,\" court said in its judgment.The court in the judgment directed the pollution control board to ensure that consent to establish is not granted. It further directed the board to ensure that whenever any public hearing is held, people of the area are well-informed about the benefits and the ill-effects of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13115434", "title": "Knitwear club elects its office-bearers", "text": "LUDHIANA: The Ludhiana Knitwear Club elections concluded without any formal voting process as the members unanimously decided the office bearers for the next term on Friday night.Vinod Thapar and Darshan Dawer had been previously announced as the association chairman and president respectively. The entire team was announced at a general body meeting-cum-party organized in a marriage palace on Ludhiana-Jalandhar National Highway 1.Thapar said, the former association chairman Suraj Bhan Jain has been given the post of chief patron, Narinder Miglani is the new general secretary, Harish Kairpal is treasurer and Rajinder Bhushan Maini and Jaswant Takkar are senior vice-presidents.The new VPs of the association are Jagmohan Singh, Pankaj Behal (Rocky), Rohit Rampal, Sanjay Kapoor, Ashok Makkar, Harish Chabbra, Ramesh Garg, Dinesh Bajaj, Mohinder Narang, Vipan Vinayak, Kamal Setia and Lakshmi Gupta. Charanjeev Singh, Kewal Krishan, Sanjeev Jain, Ranbeer Sharma are the new secretaries while Bahadur Singh Cheema, Balbir Singh, Manmohan Kaura and Ashok Pople are joint secretaries.Madan Kapoor, Mahesh Pruthi, Varinder King and Mahesh Uppal have been made the secretary, public relations.Thapar said, ''Our objective will be to address the problems faced by hosiery industry, which hinder our growth. We need a textile park and many research and development programmes in order to tackle the labour problems.''Club president Dawer said, ''The unanimous election of office bearers is an example of our unity, which we would use to fight the odds faced by the industry in the city. Tackling problems like power shortage and fluctuation in prices of raw materials would be on priority.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115275", "title": "Mother\u2019s Day: School holds programme, makes mothers feel special", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Mothers were appreciated and honoured at Gurukul Global School, Manimajra, on Saturday, a day ahead of Mother's Day with great enthusiasm and zeal.Giving mothers an opportunity to get a break from mundane chores, a fun-filled programme was organized on the school premises where over 100 mothers came to participate and showcase their talent in various competitions. To make this day a special one, the school organized various competitions for mothers like rangoli-making, vase decoration, appetizer and healthy snack-making. Besides a catwalk on the themes, \"Jatti Punjab Di\" and \"Mutiyaar Punjab Di\" was also held.Ashima was declared the winner in rangoli-making, Alka Bhagat in vase decoration and Kanchan Chugh and Tina Chauhan in healthy snack-making. A heart-stirring play portraying the relationship a mother shares with her child was enacted by teachers to salute mothers. A party was organized later on where the students' mothers jived to foot-tapping numbers.The Stepping Stones' Senior Secondary School, Sector 37, too organized various activities to mark the occasion and highlight the importance of a mother in one's life. The whole school pitched in doing some community service and helped orphaned kids of the Mother Teresa Home by donating powdered milk boxes, biscuits, sweets, fruits and some stationary items. The school council members distributed the items among the inmates. They also presented a musical and rock band performance.A special assembly was held in the school on the occasion where the importance of a mother in one's life was emphasized. The junior school children were not far behind in celebrating the occasion. They made cards and collages for their mothers to show their love and gratitude for them. The tiny-tots sang songs and rhymes and carried home cards made by them for their mothers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13125596", "title": "Statistical highlights of Rajasthan Royals-Pune Warriors IPL match", "text": "JAIPUR: Statistical highlights of the Indian Premier League match between Rajasthan Royals and Pune Warriors on Sunday.# Pune Warriors have lost 20 out of 29 contested in the IPL (Won 8 and No Result 1) - winning % 28.57.# Pune Warriors have lost eight games in a row between April 24, 2012 and May 13, 2012 - their worst sequence of defeats in the IPL.# Kolkata Knight Riders (between April 27, 2009 and May 16, 2009) and Pune Warriors are the two teams to have lost eight consecutive games in the IPL history.# The first team to have lost eleven games in the IPL 2012 (Lost 4) is Pune Warriors.# Ashish Nehra (3/23) has registered his best bowling performance in the present competition.# Nehra took his wickets tally to eleven at 33.36 runs apiece in 12 matches - the most by a Pune bowler in the IPL 5.# Shane Watson received his 12th Man of the Match award for his excellent all-round performance in Twenty20 - his eighth in the IPL (third in the present tournament).# Shane Watson (58 off 31 balls) has registered his second fifty in the present edition of the IPL.# Watson's superb match-winning fifty is his ninth in 37 matches,# Watson has posted a half-century and bagged two wickets or more in the same game six times in the IPL.# Rajasthan have won seven and lost seven out of 14 played in the current tournament.# Rajasthan Royals have won all three games against Pune Warriors in the IPL.# Rajasthan Royals (170/4) have recorded their highest total against Pune Warriors in the IPL.# Ajinkya Rahane, with eleven catches in 14 matches, is the top fielder in the 2012 edition of the IPL.# Rahane's magnificent 61 off 47 balls is his sixth half-century in the IPL.# The second batsman to aggregate 500 runs or more in the present tournament is Rahane - 541 at an average of 45.08 in 14 matches.# Chris Gayle (572) is the top run-scorer in the present tournament, followed by Ajinkya Rahane (541), Virender Sehwag (476), Shikhar Dhawan (467), Gautam Gambhir (457), Rahul Dravid (418), Cameron White (410) and Rohit Sharma (402).# Ajit Chandila has registered his first instance of four wickets in an innings in Twenty20.# Ajit's outstanding figures of 4 for 13 are the second best by a bowler from Rajasthan Royals in the IPL, next only to Sohail Tanvir's 6 for 14 against Chennai Super Kings at Jaipur on May 4, 2008.# Rahul Dravid (418 at an average of 29.85 in 14 matches) became the second batsman to total 400 runs or more for Rajasthan in the IPL 5.# Murali Kartik has continued his flop show in the IPL 5, claiming only four wickets at an average of 66.50 in eleven matches for Pune Warriors.# Ajit Chandila is the first bowler to register a hat-trick for Rajasthan in the IPL. Yuvraj Singh and Amit Mishra are the only two bowlers to have recorded the feat twice in the IPL.# Mishra (twice) and Yuvraj (twice), Lakshmipathy Balaji, Makhaya Ntini, Rohit Sharma, Praveen Kumar and Ajit Chandila are the bowlers recording the hat-tricks in the IPL.# Robin Uthappa (397 at 28.35), Steven Smith (362 at 40.22) and Sourav Ganguly (263 at 18.78) are the top run-getters for Pune in the IPL 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13115421", "title": "Finding joy in simple things", "text": "Ludhianvi boy goes to Surat, meets a south Indian girl from Bangalore, living in the same apartment complex, falls in love with her and they get married. Well it's a perfect script for a ''happily ever after\" Bollywood movie.Meet 45-year-old Sunil Chaudhary, a hosiery business owner and 42-year-old Pinky Chaudhary, originally hailing from Bangalore, working as a dance teacher in Sacred Heart Convent School, Sarabha Nagar, and the owner of a dance school, Nrutya Bharati School of Dance.The couple first met in 1985 while Sunil was pursuing engineering from Surat, and was living with his grandparents, Late Dinanath Bandhu and Late Prem Lata, at Gyandeep Society in Athwa Gate area of Surat, whereas Pinky was pursuing Diploma in Bharat Natyam and was living with her aunt Yogini Behen in the same apartment complex. Their eyes first met at the badminton court where Pinky was playing badminton and Sunil was playing cricket. And from here started the story of forever. The couple would meet often and have long discussions, without even realizing that they had fallen in love.After months of talking to each other, Sunil discussed his willingness to marry Pinky with his parents. Though, Pinky faced some opposition from her parents, but she managed to convince them. The couple got married in January 1991.Recalling a funny incident during their courtship, Pinky said, ''While Sunil used to play cricket in the parking, I would secretly throw water on him from the window. One day he found out and came to fight, but when he saw me he forgot that he came to fight!''Sunil, said, ''My 18-year-old daughter Ganga and 14-year-old son Keshav are the testimony of our love and the deep emotional bond we share.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114264", "title": "Student nurses gear up to convert evidence to action", "text": "NAGPUR: It was believed that applying kajal to the eyes of newborn children would make their eyes beautiful. Newborns were not fed with their mothers' milk for the first three days of their lives as this milk was thought to be unfit for consumption. Immediately after being born, children were bathed which caused hypothermia in several neonates.After observing the harmful effects of some such traditional practices, health care professionals have been able to ward them off. Nurses have played a big part in convincing people and making them aware of these things. Even as the world moves forward rapidly, the International Council of Nurses has called out to nursing professionals throughout the world to close the gap between evidence and action.On World Nurses' Day, students and teachers of the school of nursing at Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital discussed how nurses have been responsible for several changes in people's attitudes and the role they need to play in the changing world.\"In recent times, the role of nurses in research and clinical testing has acquired greater importance. So, it is better if we start such activities at an institutional level to introduce our students to the various avenues that have opened up for them,\" said Alka Jog, principal of the school.It has been with the help of nurses that it has become possible to have the participation of the patient as well as their families in the process of healing, she added.\"It is not always that all the work that we set out to do gets done. A few months ago, we conducted a camp to make poor patients aware of their nutritional requirements. One of the women came up to me and told me that since she didn't have enough money for clothes, how was she supposed to get all the nutritious food for her children,\" recalled tutor Bharti Batra saying that the instance made their team realize that several factors governing people's health were beyond their control.Still, the student nurses of the school said they were all geared up to play the role required in the changing the present medical scenario of the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13121473", "title": "Mild tremors measuring 3.2 felt in Kutch, no loss reported", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mild tremors measuring 3.2 on the Richter scale were felt on Sunday in Kutch district, officials said here.The earthquake had its epicentre at 34 km northwest of Khavada village in Kutch, officials at the Institute of Seismological Research (ISR) said.Aftershocks measuring 2.3 on the Richter scale were felt in the afternoon around 3 pm, they said, adding that the aftershocks had the epicentre at 30 km northwest of Dudhai village in Kutch.According to the officials, no loss of life or damage to property was reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115091", "title": "Govt to pursue ongoing cases", "text": "LUCKNOW: In order to ensure speedy disposal of criminal cases, the Uttar Pradesh government has decided to effectively pursue various ongoing court cases. According to state home department officials, principal secretary, home, R M Srivasata has issued directives in this regard and asked officials to ensure speedy delivery of justice, he said. Officials were also asked to hold regular meetings of the monitoring cells regarding these cases at the district level and update the government regularly, he said. The officials also discussed the problem of staff crunch in the prosecution department and stressed on filling up the vacant posts at the earliest, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "13114170", "title": "Fake cop robs woman in Gondia", "text": "GONDIA: A fake police sub-inspector (PSI) robbed a woman off gold bangles worth Rs 70,000 in the lane adjacent to City police station recently. Najmaben Pothiyanwala (50) was returning home after buying some medicines when a youth, wearing white shirt and khaki pant, came rushing to him and said that a police checking is going on in the same lane regarding a theft of bangles.Police are checking everyone going through the lane. So he advised Najmaben to keep her bangles in her purse instead of putting them on.She agreed and while she was doing so he smartly removed them and kept them in his pocket. When the Najmaben reached home she found the bangles missing. Her son Firoz filed a complaint on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125200", "title": "Samarjitsinh immerses father's ashes in Narmada", "text": "VADODARA: The ashes of Ranjitsinh Gaekwad, scion of royal Gaekwad family, were immersed in Narmada River at Chanod in Bharuch on Sunday. Breaking away from the royal family tradition, Ranjitsinh's son Samarjitsinh Gaekwad himself went to Chanod to immerse his father's ashes.According to the Gaekwad family tradition, the immediate family member of the deceased never immerses the ashes. Members of the deceased's extended family usually travel to the river and immerse them.\"It is for the first time that any immediate royal family member has immersed ashes. Samarjitsinh decided to visit Chanod and carry out the final ceremony himself. The royal priest said that it was Samarjitsinh's individual decision,\" said a Gaekwad family member and added that he did so out of love for his father.Samarjitsinh was accompanied by Devendrasinh Gaekwad, Shalivahan Gaekwad, Ajay Gaekwad and Prasanna Gaekwad. A 45-minute ritual 'Raksha Saravni' was carried out at Kirti Mandir on Sunday morning to cool down the ashes.The ashes were then put in two copper pots. One was immersed in Chanod while another was taken to Haridwar by royal scion of erstwhile Jasdan state, Satyajit Khachar who is the son-in-law of Ranjitsinh. Khachar was accompanied by his two sons.About 130 persons including Gaekwad family members and Sardars attended the ritual at Kirti Mandir where Ranjitsinh was cremated on Friday.Also dignitaries have been visiting the Gaekwad family to offer condolences. On Sunday morning, Yashodhararaje Scindia, BJP MP from Gwalior and late Madhavrao Scindia's sister met the Gaekwad family at Laxmi Vilas Palace. She spent about two hours with them and left by 1.30 pm.Ranjitsinh, who had been suffering from renal cancer , breathed his last in a city-based hospital on the night of May 9.He will now be succeeded by his son Samarjitsinh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115512", "title": "District health office finds 12 quacks in rural areas", "text": "NASHIK: At a time when the Nashik zilla parishad's district health committee chairperson Jyoti Mali has ordered health officers and employees to stay put in their jurisdictions, the district health office (DHO) has found 12 quacks during its drive in rural areas.Considering the scarcity-hit situation in the district and with the rainy season set to begin within a month, the health committee chairperson has ordered medicos to pay attention towards areas under their jurisdiction. \"Scarcity is known to raise the chances of diseases because of contaminated water. It is, therefore, important to ensure that medicos stay in their areas to ensure that the health issues of the citizens are given proper attention,\" Mali said.Meanwhile, the DHO as part of its drive has found 12 quacks in the district. \"There are standing instructions to medicos, anganwadi sevikas and everybody in the field to keep a close watch over the private medicos practicing in the district. The taluka level teams headed by block development officer and the taluka health officer had been told to act on any complaints received, even if they were anonymous. It was as part of this drive that the health department has been able to identify the quacks, all of whom have been given closure notices and have been asked to send their papers for verification, as and when required,\" Sale said.Four quacks were found in Chandwad tehsil, while eight quacks were found in Nashik tehsil, the official said, pointing out that strict action would be taken against the quacks, whose business would also be winded up.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "as more and more people connect to the web, governments across the world are looking to regulate and control the virtual world. in india too there is a growing debate on whether the web, especially social networking sites, should be regulated or not. in an exclusive article for the times of india, vint cerf , considered one of the fathers of the internet along with bob kahn, says the beauty of the web is that there are no gatekeepers and it must stay that way", "code": "13114369", "title": "Web should remain without regulation: Vint Cerf", "text": "As more and more people connect to the web, governments across the world are looking to regulate and control the virtual world. In India too there is a growing debate on whether the web, especially social networking sites, should be regulated or not. In an exclusive article for The Times of India, Vint Cerf , considered one of the fathers of the internet along with Bob Kahn, says the beauty of the web is that there are no gatekeepers and it must stay that way:In a very short period of time the internet has had a profound impact on the way we live. Since the Internet was made operational in 1983, it has lowered both the costs of communication and the barriers to creative expression. It has challenged old business models and enabled new ones. It has provided access to information on a scale never before achievable.It succeeded because we designed it to be flexible and open. These two features have allowed it to accommodate innovation without massive changes to its infrastructure. An open, borderless and standardized platform means that barriers to entry are low, competition is high, interoperability is assured and innovation is rapid.The beauty of an open platform is that there are no gatekeepers. For centuries, access to and creation of information was controlled by the few. The internet has changed that --and is rapidly becoming the platform for everyone, by everyone.Of course, it still has a ways to go. Today there are only about 2.3 billion internet users, representing roughly 30% of the world's population. Much of the information that they can access online is in English, but this is changing rapidly. There are 500 million users in China and they access and create information in Chinese. By design, the internet's World Wide Web application makes use of the Unicode character set, capable of representing most of the world's written languages. The Domain Name System that allows us to create signposts in cyberspace has been adapted to the use of Unicode rather than a small set of Latin characters. These features facilitate creating, finding and using content in most of the world's written languages.As more diverse content comes online, so does the need for tools that allow us to jump over linguistic barriers. This is why I'm excited about the progress of automatic language translation tools -- and in particular the field that we call machine learning. The technology isn't perfect yet, but one can imagine a day when two people can experience a conversation as if it were conducted in their respective, different tongues.The main driver of this increase in multilingual content will be increased access to the Internet itself. And one key to that access will be mobiles.A few years ago everyone speculated about the promises mobiles would fulfill. Now they've truly delivered. We are already seeing the differences mobile internet connectivity has made in Africa , Latin America , and the Indian subcontinent. In developing economies, in addition to adopting applications popular around the world, people are finding other innovative ways to use mobile technology, from Grameen's microfinance and village phone programmes in Bangladesh to innovative SMS services providing farmers with crop and weather updates. Cheap smartphones, meanwhile, are bringing the processing power of the internet's servers into urban India on a grand scale.The combined power of the internet and mobile, wireless and broadband services is producing an information and application cornucopia. How often do you hear \"there's an app for that\"?The technological progress of the internet has also set social change in motion. As with other enabling inventions before it, from the telegraph to television, some will worry about the effects of broader access to information -- the printing press and the rise in literacy that it effected were, after all, long seen as destabilising.Similar concerns about the internet are occasionally raised, but if we take a long view, I'm confident that its benefits far outweigh the discomforts of learning to integrate it into our lives. The internet and the World Wide Web are what they are because literally millions of people have made it so. It is a grand collaboration.It would be foolish not to acknowledge that the openness of the internet has had a price. Security is an increasingly important issue and cannot be ignored. If there is an area of vital research and development for the internet, this is one of them. I am increasingly confident, however, that techniques and practices exist to make the internet safer and more secure while retaining its essentially open quality.After working on the internet and its predecessors for over four decades, I'm more optimistic about its promise than I have ever been. We are all free to innovate on the net every day. The internet is a tool of the people, built by the people for the people and it must stay that way.(In 1970s Vint Cerf and Bob Kahn worked on TCP/IP protocol, which powers the internet. In early 1980s he developed MCI Mail, considered the world's first commercial email service. He has worked with, as well as helped set up, a number of crucial regulatory bodies, including ICANN, that promote and develop standards related to the internet. He is recipient of several awards, including Turing Award which is considered Nobel Prize of Computing. Currently, Cerf is the chief internet evangelist at Google)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119055", "title": "I'm not an underdog of the industry: Emraan Hashmi", "text": "Actor Emraan Hashmi, who will be seen displaying a paunch and buck tooth in his upcoming film \" Shanghai \", says he does not like being judged for his roles.\"People in Bollywood criticised me when I started the trend of erotica with 'Murder'. I just did my own thing without paying attention to them. I am happy today to witness that such content has become an integral part of mainstream cinema. \"I have never given the industry any right to rate me or criticise me. Their criticism never bothered me. I am not an underdog. I have been fairly well rated by the audience,\" Hashmi said. Hashmi, who started his Bollywood journey at the age of 18 as an assistant director on Mahesh Bhatt's \"Raaz\", has become one of the bankable stars in the industry by delivering hits like \"Once Upon a Time in Mumbai\", \"Murder 2\", \"The Dirty Picture\" and \"Jannat 2\". The 33-year-actor's latest film \"Jannat 2\" has raked in 58 cores in just 10 days, according to producer Mahesh Bhatt. \"I am ecstatic not only for Emraan but also for Randeep Hooda. He has been a great discovery in 'Jannat 2' as ACP Pratap Raghuvanshi. I am happy that the film which was made on a budget of 9 crores has earned more than 58 crores within 10 days of its release. Its overall box office collection is 45 crore and we have earned another 15 crore through satellite and music rights,\" Bhatt said.Hashmi, on his part, is hoping to score another hit with Dibakar Banerjee's \"Shanghai\". \"Shanghai is a commercial film. It's not niche cinema anymore. It's a fantastic film and I signed it without hearing the script. I am playing a rustic character for the first time,\" Hashmi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13115033", "title": "Asked to quit drink, man kills wife in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Infuriated over the objection to booze, a man slit his wife's throat in Gas Rahat Colony here on Saturday. He was arrested soon after the incident.Police said the drinking habits of the accused would often lead to scuffle between the husband and the wife. According to the police, the deceased Farzana and Faheem got married around five years back and they have two kids. On Saturday morning, the duo again had an argument over the same issue.The deceased's aunt, Sajida who reside in the ground floor of the same building tried to pacify the situation and urged Faheem to give up the habit. The accused, an auto driver, then went out but returned soon only to attack her with a sharp-edged weapon. Faheem inflicted several stab wounds on Farzana's throat and back leading to death on-the-spot. The accused then went straight to his father's place taking his 3- year-old son with him. However, he left back his daughter, who is just few months old. The woman was lying in a pool of blood when the police reached. Farzana was declared dead on being taken to hospital Police said that the accused was arrested from his father's place who resides opposite to the old secretariat. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114919", "title": "Mother's milk and touch best for infant's health", "text": "NEW DELHI: Becoming a mother can be both exhilarating and daunting. Not just first time mothers but even those who have experienced the joy of motherhood earlier can go through a period of self-doubt wondering whether she is doing the right thing to keep her newborn safe.Doctors say two simple interventions - exclusive breastfeeding and maximum skin-to-skin contact, have been found to pass dramatic health benefits from a mother to her newborn child.An estimated 2.5 crore neonates are born in the country every year, 30% of which are pre-term (between 28 to 30 weeks) or of very low birth weight (VLBW), making them highly sensitive to temperature fluctuations and infections and thus demanding extra-care.Breast milk is packed with nutrients, vitamins and minerals and carries antibodies from the mother to help the baby combat life-threatening disease. Docosahexaenoic acid (DHA) and arachi-donic acid (AA) are key fatty acids needed for the growth of the human brain. Human milk contains 30 times more DHA than cow's milk.Dr Anupam Sibal, paediatrician, Apollo Hospital, said human milk is rich in choline, taurine and zinc, which are highly beneficial for brain growth. Human milk contains almost double the quantity of lactose compared with milk of other mammals.India's health ministry recommends exclusive breastfeeding for the first six months of life. It says breastfeeding should begin within an hour of birth and should be on demand, as often as the child wants day and night. However less than 50% of mothers in India follow this rule.Dr Anjali Saxena, pediatrician, Max Hospital, says breast milk is tailor-made for the human baby.Besides protection from infections and better brain nutrition, exclusive breastfeeding in the first six months also protects from development of certain allergies.\"Even in the upper socio-economic class, we often see the failure to establish early breastfeeding. The mother-to-be has to be prepared to initiate breastfeeding during pregnancy. In fact, the baby can be put to breast as soon as the placenta comes out, right in the labour room itself, in case of a normal delivery. This helps the mother as well, as suckling stimulates uterine contractions.\"In case of caesareans, breastfeeding should be initiated as soon as possible, and good pain management and motivational counselling can contribute towards it a great deal,\" Dr Saxena said.A recent Lancet study said annually, two million Indian children die before their fifth birthday.The Lancet Child Survival analysis estimated that optimal breastfeeding can prevent almost 20% of infant deaths in India. Unfortunately, of the 26 million Indian women who give birth every year, about 20 million do not follow optimal breastfeeding practices till the time the infant is six months old.Meanwhile, skin-to-skin contact and kangaroo mother care (KMC) also works like magic for all new borns.Babies receiving KMC have more regular breathing and less predisposition to apnea. KMC also protects against nosocomial infections.Dr Vinod Paul, HOD paediatrics at the All India Institute of Medical Sciences, says early and exclusive breastfeeding is the single most important intervention to protect a new born child.He said, \"Skin-to-skin contact soon after birth in is now a standard of care. It should be done in all cases, irrespective of whether the baby is small or big, immediately after birth. This promotes early initiation and successful breastfeeding, provides warmth to the baby and also helps in psychosocial bonding with the mother.\"KMC on the other hand is a sustained skin-to-skin contact of the baby and the mother for prolonged periods of time, if possible for 24 hours. This is a simple life saving intervention that does not require technology or costs money.\"Experts say KMC helps maintain the baby's normal body temperature better than in an incubator. It also helps maintain his heart rate, respiratory rate and a normal blood pressure. Babies experiencing prolonged skin-to-skin contact with mother or father are also less likely to cry. They are more likely to breastfeed exclusively and longer and will indicate to their mother when they are ready to feed.Interestingly, KMC does not just help infants but also the mothers. Mothers are less stressed during kangaroo care as compared with a baby kept in incubator.Doctors say most mothers prefer skin-to-skin contact to conventional care as it leads to stronger bonding with the baby, increased confidence and a deep satisfaction of doing something special.Paediatricians say when a baby comes out of the womb which has been its natural habitat, it is under significant stress. There are now a multitude of studies that show that mothers and babies should be together, skin-to-skin (baby naked, not wrapped in a blanket) immediately after birth, as well as later. The baby is happier this way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114475", "title": "Mother's Day: Mothers by heart!", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Miss Universe and Bollywood star Sushmita Sen who has adopted two daughters had famously said, \"I will tell my girl she was not born from the tummy, she was born from the heart\". Same can be said about young, single women who have adopted children in need of mommies and embraced motherhood with their heart!These are women who did not allow no-marriage or a bad marriage come in between their dreams of becoming a mother. On Mother's Day , TOI profiles two young singletons who revel in motherhood showering love on children who had no mothers.Shefali PatelShefali Patel (46) comes from a family where she has seen a lot of love and affection between her parents. And having experienced that, her sole goal in life was to get married and have two children. She did not have any ambition for a great career. All she wanted to do in life was to be wife and a mother! But God had planned otherwise.Right from the beginning, Shefali's marriage was rocky. She got divorced and started working. Longing for motherhood however was predominant. So much so that if she saw a child call 'maa' to someone, her eyes would well up with tears.Shefali decided to adopt. \"When I first saw Rajveer, he was just three months old. When I took him in my arms, he gave me such a wonderful, bright, glowing happy smile that I decided to adopt him that very moment. I had heard that 'you don't adopt a child - the child adopts you' and now I know what they meant,\" says Shefali.Shefali says Rajveer completely changed her life. \"There is a lot of joy and contentment in bringing up a child. Rajveer is now four years old and I feel he has made my life complete.\"Shefali admits that while parenting is a tough job, single parenting is greater challenge. \"Single parenting is highly demanding physically, emotionally and financially as I play roles of both mother and a father. Added to that if you are working, there is a constant guilt that you are not able to give more of your time to your child. At work, you think of the child you have left at home. At home, you think of the work you've left unfinished. But despite all this, it is worth every moment of it. The experience of unconditional love is beyond compare,\" says Shefali.ISHITA SARKARIshita Sarkar (25) who was one of the top five finalists at the Miss India 2009 contest is a mother of two girls - Shobhita and Shrijita. Sarkar became mother of two grown up children when she herself had barely attained adulthood at 18 years.Shobhita and Shrijita are her paternal uncle's daughters. She was close to the girls from the beginning. The bond remained even when Sarkar's parents divorced and she chose to live with the mother. The turning point of her life came when her uncle and his wife died in an accident and Shobhita and Shrijitha were orphaned. Nobody in the family seemed ready with open arms to welcome the girls into their families.Sarkar then realised that she could not abandon the girls to their own fate. \"This was the time when I had just started my career as a model. There was a lot of uncertainty about the girls' future then. I had faced many difficult days as a child and I didn't want that the two girls to go through the same. I was neither financially nor emotionally ready to accept the responsibility of the two girls. They, however, had a lot of faith in me. During this time, Shobhita hugged me and said mumma (mother). This very moment removed all my doubts and fears about being a mother.\"Today, the two girls are not just her daughters, but also her best friends. She said, \"It is a complete family, one headed without the regular man of the house. It is such a pleasure to see them grow into lovely ladies.\" Ishita believes that singlehood has got nothing to do with motherhood and she wishes to have a lot of single women taking up this initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115389", "title": "Two Chennai youths drown near Pollachi", "text": "COIMBATORE: Two youths drowned in the Aliyar River near Pollachi on Saturday. Police and rescue personnel searched the spot where they had disappeared for more than two hours before the bodies were retrieved. Police said V Gowtham, 22, and S Ramesh, 25, of Chennai were caught in the strong undercurrents and were unable to save themselves. Gowtham, who had completed his Btech and was to join a software company, and Ramesh, who had completed B Tech and was a manager in a construction consulting agency, were relatives.Police said on Friday, the two came to Coimbatore to meet relative Mohanraj and 14 people, including Gowtham and Ramesh, went to the Aliyar dam on Saturday when the incident occurred. The bodies have been taken to the Kottur hospital for postmortem. The Aliyar police registered a case and began investigations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13120193", "title": "Yeddyurappa terms chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda a 'devil'", "text": "BANGALORE: : Trying to take the BJP crisis to logical end, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa termed chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda a \"devil\".Commenting on Gowda's remarks, Yeddyurappa in private function said the chief minister comments were like \"devil quoting scriptures\". Targeting Yeddyurappa, Gowda on Saturday said that in olden days, politicians believed that serving people was an opportunity given by God. \"So they feared that if they did something wrong, they would be punished. But now people have started believing that if they visit temples and offer huge sums of dakshinas (offerings), God will forgive their sins.\"Retorting, Yeddyurppa on Sunday said Gowda for the sake of chief minister's gaddi had betrayed him \"People will not tolerate this attitude,\" the former CM said. His attack comes a day after 8 ministers and 10 MLAs tendered their resignation to him. When asked on this, Yeddyurappa said, \"If he (Gowda) wants, all the ministers will submit resignation to the chief minister.\"Meanwhile, Yeddyurappa sprang a surprise by lauding UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi.\"I have to appreciate Sonia Gandhi. When she came to Tumkur for the Siddaganga function, I noticed that Congress leaders were united and supportive. The Congress strongly backs their men during distress, but that is absent in BJP. In our party, our leaders will be happy only after some kind of punishment is handed out, and that is difference with Sonia Gandhi ,\" he said referring to imminent inquiry by the CBI on his alleged role in illegal mining case.Continuing to attack Gowda, the former CM said the chief minister was time and again humiliating party MPs and MLAs. \"Ministers and MLAs angry because they have been insulted by Sadananda Gowda. I will take the decision in the appropriate time on the resignations tendered by ministers and MLAs,\" he said.State BJP president K S Eshwarappa, who retuned from Pashupatinath temple in Nepal , got busy in damage control exercise. He met rural development and panchayat minister Jagadish Shettar (who is recognized in Yeddyurappa camp) and held deliberations. His attempt to meet Yeddyurappa was a failure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ramanthapuram", "code": "13115680", "title": "Body of missing young fisherman washed ashore", "text": "RAMANTHAPURAM: The body of the 16-year-old fisherman who went missing after a mid-sea crash on Friday was found washed ashore on Saturday.Relatives and fellow fishermen staged a protest at the coastal town with his body, condemning the Indian Coast Guard for the accident. Senior police and revenue officials pacified the agitating fishermen and got them to disperse. The police officials promised that legal action would be initiated against the crew in the Coast Guard vessel if they were found to be at fault.Though an FIR has been registered based on the complaint from the fishermen at the marine police station in Mandapam, police said Indian Coast Guard officials had denied that their vessel caused the accident.The youth, Calvin Miller (16), son of Pounraj of Pamban, was in the country boat along with four other fishermen from the same locality when an Indian Coast Guard vessel rammed it off Rameswaram coast on Thursday evening. The country boat was completely shattered and the fishermen jumped into the sea. While four of the fishermen Aruldas, Innasi, Santia and Peras managed to swim to a nearby boat after a four-hour struggle in the waters, Calvin drowned.Soon after the fishermen returned to the coast and informed their peers about the mishap, a wave of anger spread among the fishing community against the Indian Coast Guard for allegedly causing the accident as well as failing to initiate rescue operations. The fishermen staged a protest but dispersed after sometime only to resume the protest after the body was found.\"We have registered a case based on the complaint, but no one has been named as accused. Only after a through investigation, will we be able to say if the Indian Coast Guard vessel was involved. For now the ICG has denied causing the accident,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114918", "title": "Man's body recovered from lake after 40 hours", "text": "PUNE: About 40 hours after Rajesh Dhotre accidentally fell into the Katraj lake, a team of National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) found his body by the shore on Saturday morning.Dhotre had gone for boating with his two children, niece and nephew on Thursday afternoon when he fell into the water. He was not wearing a life jacket.Assistant commandant of NDRF S A Ahmed said that they resumed the search around 7 in the morning and the body was found floating by the gateside in 15 minutes time. NDRF team commander inspector Pramod Kumar said that four boats and 35 personnel were deployed, which included eight divers. \"Dhotre's family identified the body. We held a condolence meeting before the body was handed over to the police,\" said Kumar.Senior police inspector Nagnath Wakude of the Bharati Vidyapeeth police station said that Dhotre's body was handed over to his family after post-mortem. Wakude said, \"We discussed the issue of public safety with the officials of the Maharashtra Tourism Development Corporation. A written intimation will be sent to the MTDC to tighten security at Katraj lake and to prevent people from boating if they do not adhere to the security norms.\" Boating at the Katraj lake has not resumed yet.The funeral was performed at Vaikunth in the presence of MLA Vinayak Nimhan and a large number of people.Dhotre was a resident of Wadharwadi. He leaves behind his mother, wife, son and daughter. He was a daily wage earner.People present at the meeting urged authorities to take cognizance of the incident and ensure such incidents do not happen in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115130", "title": "Govt hospitals in Uttar Pradesh need 18,000 nurses", "text": "LUCKNOW: Against an average requirement of 18,000 nurses in government hospitals, there are about 5,000 nurses working. As a result, hospitalisation becomes a painful experience not only for the patient, but also for the attendants who find it difficult to handle the situation. The fact came to fore at a convention organised by the Rajkiye Nurse Sangh, UP to mark the Nurses Day on Saturday.\"As per standards, a nurse should be deployed for every 10 patients. Considering that nurses work in eight-hour-long shifts, one can say that three nurses are needed for every 10 patients to provide 24x7 services. In 230 government hospitals of the state, there are around 60,000 beds. Clearly, 18,000 nurses are needed. This excludes intensive care and other specialised units, where one nurse should be posted for every bed,\" said Ashok Kumar , general secretary, RNSUP.The programme was presided over by minister of state for health and family welfare Shankh Lal Manjhi. Kumar informed that in the last two years, a proposal to create 14,000 new posts for nursing staff was sent. He urged the minister to get the project cleared in the interest of the patients. Addressing nurses who had gathered from all over the state, the minister assured all support to the nurses association. Though the state government has offered to appoint 4,000 nurses, the gap is sure to grow bigger considering the quantum of increase in the number of patients.Offering a solution to the shortage of nursing staff in the state, the association demanded that the posts for male nurses in the government services should be increased from the present portion of 5% to 25%. They also said that the retirement age of nurses should be increased to 65 years. As of now, nurses in UP retire at 60 years. It may be noted that nurses working in the central government services would superannuate at an age of 70 years. A statement to this effect was given by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad in Delhi.The minister assured that he would sympathetically consider their demands. He directed government officials to grant allowances given to the nurses at par with their central government counterparts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115460", "title": "Techie's killing: 7 colleagues grilled", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday questioned seven TCS employees in connection with the murder of their colleague Pradeep Jayaraman, whose charred body was recovered near Minjur on Wednesday.North zone inspector-general of police (IGP) P Kannappan said they hoped to crack the case in a couple of days. \"We are on the right track and have got some valid clues,\" he said.\"We have questioned at least seven colleagues of Pradeep. Special teams are following different leads,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, Pradeep's roommate Arun, shocked by the murder, has moved out from the apartment where they lived in Tirumangalam to a friend's place. \"He told us he was afraid to stay at the house,\" said S Radha, a resident of the apartment complex.Residents of the apartment complex where Pradeep lived remembered him as a pious person. \"Whenever I needed help, I would knock at his door. He had given our landline number to his family members and they would call and inquire about him,\" Radha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115276", "title": "Man rapes niece to teach wife a lesson", "text": "MUMBAI: A 10-year-old girl was raped and tortured by her uncle who wanted to take revenge on his wife. The woman, who knew about the rape, lodged a complaint 15 days later on Thursday, only when her husband threatened to divorce her.According to the Virar police, Vinod Chouhan (38) went to meet his wife's brother at his Virar (E) home. He took his wife's niece out on the pretext of taking her for a stroll.Chouhan then took the child to her building's terrace, gagged her and raped her. He also inflicted burn injuries on her private parts. After a few hours, he dropped her home after warning her not to speak about the incident.Chouhan told his wife he had raped her niece as he wanted to teach her (his wife) a lesson for her nagging. The couple fought over the issue, but patched up.On Thursday, Chouhan fought with his wife, threatened to divorce her and left for Gujarat. She then approached to police and lodged a case of rape.It was then that the victim's parents came to know about the rape. The child was sent for medical examination, which confirmed sexual intercourse. Chouhan was booked for rape and the police have launched a manhunt. The police are examining whether to book the aunt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13114326", "title": "Suspended Maharashtra Navnirman Sena vice-president arrested for rape", "text": "AMRAVATI: Rajapeth police have arrested an absconding suspended office-bearer of MNS on rape charges. According to information, on April 5 a minor girl had filed a complaint against Santosh Badre - suspended vice-president of MNS - alleging that Badre kidnapped her with the help of his accomplices, took her to Chikaldhara where he raped her and then fled.After she narrated her plight to her parents a complaint was lodged against Badre in Rajapeth police station. In his confession, Badre told the cops that he was in a relationship with the girl for last few years hence he had gone to Chikaldhara with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114837", "title": "Travel to the stars via Miramar", "text": "PANAJI: \"Science is all about curiosity, observation and logical thinking,\" said chief minister Manohar Parrikar . He was speaking after inaugurating the digital planetarium at Goa Science Centre, Miramar.The 50-seater planetarium has been constructed at a cost of around 1 crore with the state government providing a grant-in-aid of 35 lakh.Parrikar stressed on the importance of developing a scientific outlook among students, which he felt was lacking today.The new planetarium facility has been set-up by the national council of science museums (NCSM) which is under the Union ministry of culture and is tasked with popularizing science in the country. Goa Science Centre is one of the 26 science centres in the country under its administrative control.The planetarium will hold regular entertainment-based shows in English and Hindi for the public. There will be four shows of 30 minutes duration at 11am, 1pm, 3pm and 5pm respectively. There is also a provision for organizing special shows for groups of 25 or more. Regular shows will be conducted in Hindi and English languages. In all, four shows will be conducted every day and each show will be of half-an-hour duration.Speaking on the occasion, A S Manekar, director, Nehru Science Centre, Mumbai, said \"I'm sure the science centre will grow. It will achieve more response from tourists visiting Goa.\"Michael D'Souza, director of science and technology, said the department was willing to fund students for innovative science projects and urged students to come forward with their ideas. G S Rautela, director general, NCSM, also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114900", "title": "Educationists deplore attack on Palshikar's office at university", "text": "PUNE: City educationists on Saturday condemned the attack on the office of former NCERT adviser Suhas Palshikar, but were divided over the issue of reproduction of a cartoon of Dr B R Ambedkar in school textbooks and the subsequent uproar in Parliament.Four youths, claiming to be members of Republican Panthers, picked an argument with Palshikar, head of the department of political science and public administration, at Ambedkar Bhavan in Pune university, and ransacked his office. Two of them were arrested, while the other two fled the scene.Palshikar resigned as National Council of Education Research Training advisor on Friday, following a huge controversy over the cartoon in the class XI textbooks.S N Pathan, former vice-chancellor of Rashtrasant Tukadoji Maharaj University, Nagpur, said the entire controversy over the cartoon, uproar in Parliament and attack on Palshikar's office are disturbing events. \"Such things force us to step back as a nation. When the entire world expects India to lead the world, we should avoid such things.\"S N Navalgundkar, former pro vice-chancellor of University of Pune, too condemned the attack. \"There is no doubt at all about the greatness and contribution of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar . But I don't see any reason for the hullabaloo over a cartoon. These issues are raised for political reasons. Though it is a fact that people are emotional about their icons, we need to understand that cartoons have their own place in the process of communication,\" he said. \"It's an old cartoon. Why suddenly everyone is up against it.\"Aniruddha Deshpande, former principal of BMCC, expressed two points of view on the episode. \"First, I deplore any violence and attack. In democracy, everyone has a right to express his views. Second, I feel that people who were on the advisory board are political science experts. They should have realized the currents and undercurrents of Indian politics and avoided use of this cartoon. It is a 1949 cartoon, which was relevant at that time; I don't see any point in using that today. I fail to understand this method of teaching constitution with the help of a cartoon.\" He said the caricature should have been spotted earlier and removed from the textbook.Maharashtra Cosmopolitan Education Society president P A Inamdar said, \"Freedom of speech is generally agreed upon, but it is not absolute. There are exceptions when it comes to iconic figures like Dr Ambedkar, Chhatrapati Shivaji Maharaj or scriptures like Bhagvad Gita. The cartoon was drawn in 1949. Things are different now. Today, Dr Ambedkar is an icon for crores of people like me. It is because of him that the deprived have got status in society. I cannot condemn the attack (on Palshikar's office) because I can imagine their feelings.\"Fergusson college ex-principal Vasant Wagh said, \"We should analyze all these events in the current social situation. Even a small issue could be blown out of proportion. I think the government has taken the right decision to withdraw the cartoon. People who were responsible for reproducing the cartoon should have foreseen the consequences.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13113986", "title": "The maa of all mothers", "text": "SURAT: When the world celebrates Mother's Day, this 85-year-old 'Mother India' will continue to fight for her daily bread in Umra, a village about 50 km from Surat.Bhikhiben Nayka, who does odd jobs for a living, played a body double for Nargis in the 1957 Bollywood blockbuster Mother India.Nayka was asked to play Nargis's part after the famous fire scene, where the actress had to run amid burning haystacks. An accident here caught Nargis in flames and was rescued by co-star Sunil Dutt. She was chosen as she resembled the legendary actress in her built.Nayka recalls the scene with Sunil Dutt where the star lifts her and jumps into a water body. \"As Nargis was unable to work for a few days I was taken as her body double,\" said Nayka.Three shots were filmed on Nayka in the movie. She was also shown as mother of Nargis in the beginning of the movie and also during a run-chase in forest.But, it remained a five-minute fame for her.The woman started living with her extended family after the demise of her husband. In those days, Nayka used to work as a domestic help for Ishwardas Desai, who knew Mother India director Mehboob Khan.Both hailed from Bilimora and were friends , says Rajubhai Nemani, Desai's grandson.\"When Khan expressed his wish to shoot the movie in south Gujarat, my grandfather brought him to Umra. Our farms and bungalow were finalised for the shoot,\" said Nemani.Nemani says when Sunil Dutt happened to visit Umra in 2003, he met Bhikhiben and even offered monetary support.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114058", "title": "Will dakshinas wash away sins, asks CM", "text": "BANGALORE: Obviously happy about the turn of events in the past 24 hours, particularly the decision of the apex court to entrust the investigation into illegal mining cases involving former CM BS Yeddyurappa to CBI, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda looked more relaxed.On Saturday, at an event to felicitate former minister and MP D Made Gowda at Ravindra Kalakshetra, the chief minister took many pot-shots at his predecessor. \"When people are aspiring for power and opportunity is not coming their way, they end up indulging in other acts,\" the chief minister remarked.\"In the olden days, politicians believed that serving people was an opportunity given by God. So they had feared that if they do something wrong, they will be punished. But now people have started believing that if they visit temples and offer huge sums of dakshinas (offerings), God will forgive their sins,\" he added.Reason behind smile\"Good conduct, ideals and rational behaviour are all good topics for speech in a public platform, but they are difficult to practice. I realized this when I became the chief minister. Nowadays, people don't like persons who are straight forward - in words or deeds. That's why I have been smiling more,\" the CM said with a wide grin, leaving the audience in splits.Taking the example of Mahabharata, the chief minister said he will continue to work for the people in the same way Lord Krishna strived to uphold \"dharma\" even though Gandhari cursed the Yadava clan after 101 kauravas were killed.The chief minister complimented G Made Gowda for his relentless fight on the Cauvery issue.A word to the high commandVeteran freedom fighter HS Doreswamy who spoke on the occasion opined that the obstacles affecting D V Sadananda Gowda seems to have blown over.\"The party high command has to think now in the interest of people of Karnataka and allow him to expand cabinet. How can he function properly shouldering the responsibility of 20-odd departments,\" he said.The felicitation function was organized by the alumni association of Bharathi Education Trust , Mandya. On the occasion, its founder D Made Gowda was conferred with honorary doctorate degree by the Mysore University.BJPLP meet not necessaryThe chief minister reiterated that there is no necessity for calling legislature party meeting of the BJP. \"We will call such a meeting if need arises,\" he said. Some BJP legislators owing allegiance, had sought such a meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115299", "title": "Force One holds mock drill at Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: The Maharashtra Force One, which was formed after the 26/11 attacks to combat terror strikes, conducted a mock drill at CST around 2am on Sunday. The purpose was to check the accuracy of the combat team and the time in which they could overcome terrorists, if any.The Force One commandos arrived at CST around 1.45am. The drill comes days after the intelligence bureau (IB) issued an alert that five Lashkar-e-Taiba terrorists had sneaked into the city and was planning terror attacks. However, the alert later proved to be vague. Last week, there were inputs of a human bomb near an airport in the country.\"The drill will be to check how the Force One commandoes take it. We don't want to reveal anything about the drill at this moment,\" said an officer.It is learnt that some dummy terrorists were also roaming at the spot and the commandos were asked to catch them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114070", "title": "It took long for Kannada films to gain an identity", "text": "BANGALORE: Movie going for Kannada audiences became an activity of importance with the arrival of the talkie Sati Sulochana in 1934. \"But it was only in 1958, a clear 20 years after this, that Kannada cinema began showing signs of establishing itself,\" points out film expert, VN Subba Rao.\"It took another decade or more to settle down in Karnataka. Even the small number of Kannada movies made then were shot and processed in Madras and exported to Karnataka. It isn't surprising that it took so long for Kannada cinema to etch an identity for itself,\" he said.This year, as Indian cinema turns 100, the somewhat late advent of Kananda films is no indication of movie-going trends over the century. \"Even in forties and fifties Bangalore was a commercial hub for not just South Indian films. All the major Hindi film distributors for the south were based in the city,\" ascertains Subba Rao.So, into the '50s, movie going lent great entertainment and was equal in importance to watching a game of cricket. \"In the 1950s and 60s, we regularly attended film screenings at the theatres as a hobby. In most of the theatres in Cantonment area like Plaza, Liberty, BRV, Rex and Lido, etc., we got to watch Hollywood films, which releases every Thursday,\" says film expert HN Narahari Rao.\"In the city area, particularly on Kempegpowda Road, we had very prestigious theatres like Prabhat, Sagar and Alankar, which screened important films by V Shantaram, Rajkapoor, Dilip Kumar and Dev Anand. Only few theatres screened Kannada films, because there were few films in the language to screen. Bharat talkies on JC Road was a very important theatre for us because it was the first to exclusively screen Kannada films,\" he added.Hindi films, in fact, enjoyed such high patronage for their songs. \"Noted music directors like SD Burman, Shankar Jaikishan, Roshan, Naushad and other gems of the era, along with super stars like Raj Kapoor , Dilip Kumar and Dev Anand playing leads, lent a spectacular experience for film goers,\" says Narahari Rao.For college students in Bangalore, James Bond , Ten Commandments, Ben Hur, Hitchcock were major attractions. \"Films by Cary Grant , James Stewart , William Holden , Tony Curtis , Yul Brynner and Charlton Heston among other stars of that era had us watching about 50 to 60 films a year in theatres,\" said Narahari Rao.Sometimes, people had the benefit of watching these films with their entire families. \"When we visited our village, we saw films in tent houses, sometimes sitting on the floor. The entry fee was about 25-50 paise in villages and around Rs 3 to 5 in Bangalore,\" says Narahari.Even through the 40s and 50s, when film critic M Bhaktavatsala was growing up in Shimoga, film going was an important activity. \"More so because my mother loved watching films. We used to drive to Bhadravathi to watch films and I grew up on the 40s and 50s. Every film during this ear was heralded by incredibly beautiful music by Saigal and Pankaj Mullick, which lives beyond the black and white era,\" he reminisces.Audiences were hooked to Hindi cinema, until 1954, with the unpredictable hit of the Rajkumar starrer Bedara Kannappa. \"The audience in those days were mostly pious and the easily pleased. But they also thronged to watch some extremely socially relevant films made at great odds by celebrated film makers of yore like R Nagendra Rao, BR Pantulu, BS Ranga, Gubbi Veeranna and Subbaiah Naidu who enriched both the genres of film making with their land mark movies,\" explains Subba Rao.Even so, the patronage for Kannada films was ill-defined. \"All thanks to their infrequent periodicity and lack of promotional skills,\" says Subba Rao, adding, \"It was in the late sixties, when the Ramakrishna Hegde government introduced the subsidy scheme for Kannada films, to wean Kannada film producers away from Madras that the profile of Kannada cinema started making a turnaround. So the Kumars - Rajkumar, Kalyanakumar and Udyakumar developed a distinct following, alongside the reigning heros of Hindi cinema - Raj Kapoor, Dev Anand, Dilip Kumars, Rajesh Khanna and a host of others.\"Until recently in the 2000s, with the advent of multiplexes, film going was about the grandeur of the hero, the music and a dosa thereafter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115219", "title": "Chandigarh gets hooked to salsa", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A group of professionals from different fields have come together to form the Chandigarh Salsa Club, which was launched at a hotel on Saturday night. The aim behind forming this group is to get city residents \"addicted to salsa\".Anyone can join this club to learn the Latin dance form. It is open to people of different age groups, and the inaugural day saw people from 18 to 56 years dancing.Dr Sandeep Patel, a senior resident at PGI, said he decided to learn salsa to relax. After learning the sensual dance form for a couple of months, he has now joined the club.Shivani Verma, a physiotherapist at PGI, enthused that they would spread the word about the club and would rope in some more doctors and other professionals.Sujata, a lecturer at the Government Home Science College said she met some people in a salsa dance class and soon they came up with the idea of forming the club, adding that she hopes that taking a cue from them, more people join in.Dr Misha Kumar, a dentist, who too is part of the club, said they wanted to tell people that \"instead of getting high on drinks at parties, they should get addicted to salsa.\"Amar Shoal, another club member, who is a senior bank manager said salsa is a stress-buster. \"Earlier, I used to be quite tired in the evenings but once I started doing salsa, it revitalized me,\" smiled Amar.Anju Banati, 40, a homemaker said she used to drop her son at a dance academy and seeing him dance she decided to learn salsa too. She has now roped in her husband Vijay, 45, to be her partner.Anita, a student, said after classes, the first thing she used to rush to was salsa classes, as it made her come alive. And now she hopes to get some of her classmates to join in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114869", "title": "Katara case: Army doctors file report in Delhi high court", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following Delhi high court's order to set up a board to examine medical records of Vikas and Vishal Yadav-convicts in the Nitish Katara murder case-a board of doctors of an Army hospital submitted its report on repeated visits of the duo to various hospitals from Tihar Jail.Referring to the contents of the report, a bench of Justices Gita Mittal and V K Shali said, \"The prolonged hospitalization (of Vishal) is not justified. This aspect of the report, however, needs to be put in a more specific manner.\"Putting the report for consideration on July 6, the court also asked the medical board to file another report dealing with Vikas' visits to the hospitals.The court wanted to know how many of their hospital visits were justified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114938", "title": "Cops, scribe held for honeytrap blackmailing in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: The Madhya Pradesh police on Saturday arrested a junior police officer in a honey trap involving policemen and a television journalist. The officer, Nekhram Shrineel, is allegedly a part of a notorious gang which duped many local businessmen.The arrest of the assistant sub-inspector comes after 5 others, including two policemen and a TV journalist, were arrested for blackmailing and extorting money from businessmen after luring them with prostitutes.Police cracked down after a cloth merchant approached the cops, complaining that he was being harassed by the gang members to cough up Rs 10 lakh after being filmed having sex with a prostitute.The police said the gang had been doing this for five years.\"We recovered a diary from one of the accused which contained contact details of more than a dozen girls,\" said a police source.Describing the modus operandi of the gang, police said a man they identified as Kamlesh Patle along with two women would entice the businessmen and then blackmail them.Once the victims were lured, Shrineel and constable Mitlesh Rajput accompanied by a TV journalist would reach the spot and threaten to expose the victim.The gang would deceive the victim by saying that their reputation was at stake if they did not pay a huge amount.In certain cases, the victims were let off once their possessions and valuables were seized by the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116041", "title": "The truth about moms", "text": "Times have changed, the family has gone nuclear. But has mom changed? On Mother's Day, Sunday Times presents revealing nuggets from a survey that throws up interesting facts like the disclosure that women are still prepared to make the same sacrifices their moms didShahida Parveen Ganguly remembers her mother often asking her and her six siblings to eat first when there was little food at home. \"I was small but would somehow understand that she was giving up her share of the food for us, and I would then make her eat part of my share,\" recalls Ganguly, who is Jammu and Kashmir's first woman police officer.That expression of a mother's love and sacrifice is something few children can forget. It's a story repeated over and over in many Indian homes. It is the mother who puts her children and family first, who sometimes opts to give up a career for caregiving, who puts off buying something for herself to save money and who eats and sleeps last but gets up first in the morning.Many gender roles might be getting redefined slowly in the 21st century, but that of a mother is not likely to change soon. \"The mother remains the backbone of the family,\" says Professor Tulsi Patel of Delhi University's sociology department . In fact, a new survey finds that 92% of Indian women are willing to make the same sacrifices for their own children as their mothers did. Called 'Thank You Mom' , it was conducted by Ipsos and commissioned by Proctor &amp; Gamble. It covered over 3,000 women in India and 11 other Asia-Pacific countries.The survey finds that the mother is seen as indispensable for child development everywhere. Interestingly, India and China reported many similar results , including the highest numbers who said they were very close to their mothers (96%) and knew about their moms' sacrifices. While the Japanese did not agree much with the sacrifices their mothers made, they acknowledged that moms are important in a child's life.What's significant is that despite having impressive degrees, fatter wallets and greater freedom, women lean a lot on their moms' support. In India, some 60% aspired to be just like their moms and 86% sought their advice often. Ganguly, a much-decorated officer who led daredevil operations against militants, says her mother is her biggest inspiration.Harshini Kanhekar, 31, the country's first female firefighter and now senior fire officer with ONGC in Mumbai, says, \"I had my parents' full support when I got admission to the (then all-male ) National Fire Service College, Nagpur. My mom has a modern outlook and she never put any restrictions on me.\"Even in the west, while the dependence on parents is much less, recession seems to be bringing maternal grandmoms back into the picture. A part of the same survey in 12 European countries on the changing face of motherhood shows that 44% of mothers, on an average , turned to their own moms for support in order to go out and work. The numbers were highest in countries such as Italy, Spain and Portugal where the extended family is a strong tradition.Yet, despite enjoying far easier lifestyles than 30 years ago, with support systems and labour-saving devices, few are likely to say that motherhood has become easier. If a majority of Indian women said that having insufficient time for their families was their biggest regret , working women in UK reported the highest levels of guilt (\" Should I spend more time with my children instead of pursuing a career?\"). Many are also discontented for being 'just homemakers' .In fact, a number of European mothers said they were more like \"family managers\" than traditional housewives. Ganguly agrees: \"We have to take care of our jobs and homes, too. Earlier, they were not so educated or competitive. I understood what my mother did for me after I had two sons, now 8 and 4. Ever since they were born, I haven't thought about anything else but them. I have some dreams, such as to do mountaineering , but have put them on hold.\"A large majority of Indians (81%) believed their mothers could have achieved much more had it not been for the sacrifices they made. Ironically , more than half expressed their appreciation only occasionally.That's the thing with mothers - we just don't tell them enough how important they are, and will always be, to us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115121", "title": "Storm, rain break hot spell", "text": "NEW DELHI: A sudden duststorm, followed by thundershowers, brought much-needed relief to Delhiites on Saturday. The duststorm and squall continued for over an hour in the evening and plunged the city into darkness. Strong winds (at maximum speed of 98 kmph) were experienced in some parts of the city, resulting in several trees getting uprooted and causing traffic snarls.A maximum temperature of 40.3\u00b0 Celsius and a minimum of 25.2\u00b0 Celsius were recorded on Saturday. The met department attributed the weather conditions to a western disturbance and, disappointingly enough, said by Sunday things would return to normal. B P Yadav, director, Indian Meteorological Department said the temperature is going to increase significantly over the next four to five days.\"A western disturbance, along with local cyclonic activity and high temperatures, caused the sudden change in weather. It brought down the temperatures by around five degrees Celsius - from 35.3\u00b0 Celsius to 30\u00b0 Celsius by 6pm,\" said a met official. The weather system is now moving from the capital towards the east, he added.The weatherman has predicted a partly cloudy sky for Sunday. The maximum and minimum temperatures are likely to hover around 39\u00b0 Celsius and 26\u00b0 Celsius, respectively.Many people were stuck in traffic jams caused mainly due to the rains and trees getting uprooted. \"It took me more than an hour to reach Green Park from ITO due to the intense jam,\" said Nikhil Sharma, an advertising professional.\"The unexpected storm and rain caught us off-guard. It was a pleasant surprise though. We had pre-planned to go for a dinner at CP but with the changed weather, we decided to go for an extensive family outing to India Gate,\" said Satbir Singh, a resident of Kalkaji.Satyendra Garg, joint commissioner of police (traffic) said, \"A huge neem tree had fallen on Aurobindo Marg, resulting in a major traffic snarl on the stretch. In Ashok Vihar, a tree fell on a Swift car injuring three people seated within the car. Traffic on the carriageway on Ring Road towards AIIMS was also badly affected after a tree was uprooted there.\"Incidents of tree being uprooted were also reported near Rashtrapati Bhawan, Meher Chand Market, Rajokri, Khanpur, Najafgarh and Chhawla, Garg added.In a related incident, a 32-year-old woman, identified as Guddi, died and her husband Ramsahay was critically injured when a portion of asbestos roof collapsed on them in their house near Rohini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13116169", "title": "All Gujaratis living in fear, says Keshubhai Patel", "text": "AHMEDABAD: BJP's 'Bheeshma Pitamah' in Gujarat and former chief minister Keshubhai Patel stirred up the state in an assembly election year by painting a grim picture of the Gujarati society which, he claimed, was living in fear. \"Not just Patidars (Patels), all Gujaratis are a scared lot today,\" he said at a Dalit gathering here on Saturday.Patel, now 78, was dethroned by Narendra Modi in 2001 and while he has been critical of his successor, this was the most stinging statement he has made in public in the last 12 years, as Gujarat warms up to assembly elections which are due in the next six months.Giving enough hints that he was attacking Modi, he said the entire Gujarat administration was geared up to propagate the achievements of one person. \"What is the point in trying to get publicity all over the world when your own people are suffering badly,\" Patel told a meeting of Rohit Samaj at Town Hall, quoting a Kabir couplet which speaks about a palm tree which grows very high but does not give shade to people.Good police officers were being victimised. \"Even officers are in a state of terror. There is no justice in Gujarat today, the innocent are being framed in false cases while the guilty ones are being set free,\" Patel, blaming 'thugs' and 'maha-thugs' for the mess.Patel also spoke about growing poverty and a faulty public distribution system which, he said, was not the case when he was the chief minister. Other speakers at the gathering, including former home minister Gordhan Zadaphia, attacked Modi directly.The former CM had taken a similar stance in the run up to assembly polls in 2007 but did not go all out against Modi, a fact many Patel leaders still resent. But, this time around, Keshubhai's tirades come amidst growing unease among sections of the powerful Patel community over Modi's style of functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124786", "title": "Varanasi Nagar Nigam to rid ghats of crude graffiti", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi Nagar Nigam (VNN) is seeking help of the Indian National Trust for Art and Culture Heritage (INTACH) and the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) for technical assistance in removing paint from the walls of the world famous ghats that have been defaced by locals with cheap graffiti and crude advertisements.According to additional municipal commissioner Sachidanand Singh, as many as 200 cheap graffiti and advertisements painted on the stone walls of the prestigious ghats have been identified in a recent survey conducted by the VNN.\"The defacing of the walls is illegal under Sarvajanik Sampati Suraksha Adhiniyam, also it is incorrect to put up advertisements destroying the neutrality of the heritage under the Indian Tourism Corporation (ITC),\" informed Singh. According to him, most of the paintings on the walls are basically advertisements of various roof top cafes, motels, lounges, music and yoga centres that have sprouted in the lanes and bylanes near the Ganga.\"A notice has been sent to all the people who have defaced the walls of the ghats. However, we have yet not taken the action of removing paints from the stones as it may damage the walls. For that matter, a meeting with the experts of INTACH was held four days ago. We will also seek technical help from conservators of ASI in removing the paints from the walls of various ghats. The money required for the purpose will be charged from those who have defaced the walls,\" informed Singh while speaking to TOI on Sunday. FIRs will also be lodged against such people in future.It may be mentioned here that wall painters of the city have defaced 84 ghats that are also considered the heritage stretch on the western banks of the Ganga. The formidable red stone walls, built years ago to withstand the mighty Ganges in its full-fury, are now being pathetically defaced by cheap graffiti and crude commercial advertisements to attract tourists.The painted advertisements of yoga training centres, motels, lounges, restaurants, cafe and many other joints have come up from Asi Ghat to Mansarovar Ghat as the stretch is popular in backpackers who would come and stay in the serpentine lanes in the close vicinity of the river and practice music, yoga, religion, palmistry and such areas of learning, while ghats like Dasaswamedh and Sheetla are full of painted advertisements of books, Benarasi sari and handicrafts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114450", "title": "Sanitation workers call off strike", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sanitation workers of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC), who went on a flash strike on Friday night, called off their stir after officials assured to protect their interests.GHMC workers affiliated to Bhagyanagar Municipal Employees Union had gone on strike demanding purchase of 160 new garbage vehicles and repairs to 60 old vehicles.They also demanded protection of rights of out-sourced workers in the newly-formed sanitation groups.Mayor Mohd Majid Hussain and GHMC commissioner MT Krishna Babu held meetings with floor leaders of different political parties in the Council and unions separately and assured to meet their demands.Briefing the media after consultations with unions on Saturday, the mayor and commissioner said the standing committee has already approved the procuring of 167 garbage vehicles and a resolution to this effect would be passed at the GHMC ordinary meeting to be held on May 19.\"As per the union's demand, 50% of the new vehicles will be taken on hire basis and another 50% will be procured. The interests of newly-formed groups will be protected,\" the commissioner said.Replying to a query, the mayor and commissioner said as per the rules the unions have to give 14-day notice to the corporation before going on a strike and also inform the labour department, but they had not followed these rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13116225", "title": "Seven-member gang of young robbers in custody", "text": "KOCHI: A seven-member gang of youngsters who looted three shops in the city recently was rounded up by city police on Saturday.The gang that focused on looting cell phone accessory shops and internet cafes, and stole mobile phones, laptops, pen-drives, cameras, LCD televisions, perfumes and recharge coupons, was nabbed by a team led by Thrikkakara assistant commissioner Bijo Alexander.The probe into the theft of goods worth Rs 5 lakh from three shops that sold cell phone accessories near Kakkanad and Palarivattom led to the gang whose members comprised seven youngsters, police said.None of them have been arrested in any previous case. Police identified the gang by tracking youths who had shifted from the locality of the theft recently.The modus operandi of the gang was to park high-end cars in front of the shop they planned to loot, and then break the locks of the shop taking advantage of the cover given by the vehicle.The robbery would go unnoticed as some of the gang members would stand outside the shop near the vehicle and keep chatting. The members of the gang are from Pathanamthitta, Thrissur, Kannur and Alappuzha. They formed a gang and decided to loot shops while staying together at a rented flat. The gang members included a BHM graduate and a BBA student.They first looted a shop, 'Steps and Mobile City' at Kakkanad, and followed it with two other robberies at 'Mobilenet' in Kakkanad and 'Shabba and Shamma' internet cafe in Palarivattom. Police first nabbed one member of the group, Nithin alias Gadkari (20), from Mathilakam. He led the probe team to other gang members who were subsequently arrested.The stolen goods were disposed off through mobile shops inside the GCDA complex and the money was used by the gang to lead a luxurious life.Other members of the gang are: Saneesh Mathew alias Devasya (23), Sibu George Thomas (20), Vishnubabu alias Vishnu (19), Sherinlal alias Sherin (21) and Jerin Joy alias Jerin (25). They were produced before a magistrate on Saturday and remanded in police custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114842", "title": "CM extends tenure of panel studying caste reservations", "text": "PUNE: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Saturday extended the tenure of the Agarwal committee, which is studying the caste reservations in the state.Chavan was speaking at a rally organised by the 'Wadar' (quarry labourers) community. The rally was organised to raise various demands of the community, such as its inclusion in the scheduled tribes (ST) category.\"The state has formed the committee that gives inputs on the inclusion and deletion of castes from various categories. The reservations for various castes are decided based on the suggestions given by this committee,\" Chavan said.\"The committee's tenure ended on March 31, 2011, and it has demanded an extension. The state government will grant them the extension they have sought. The Wadar community's proposal will be sent to the committee. The decision on the community's inclusion in the ST category will be taken based on the panel's suggestions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115436", "title": "Gold jewellery stolen from house behind Karunanidhi's house", "text": "CHENNAI: About 50 sovereigns of gold jewellery was robbed from a house located behind former chief minister M Karunanidhi's residence in CIT Colony on Saturday evening.Seventy-year-old Govindasamy, a resident of Biju Palace Avenue in West CIT colony, made the discovery. The retired Ashok Leyland officer was staying with his son, who is working as a software engineer in the city. Govindasamy lodged a complaint with the Mylapore police. Sniffer dogs were brought to the house and fingerprints taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114548", "title": "SBI targets 1100 crore housing loan this fiscal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The State Bank of India (SBI) has set a target of disbursing housing loans to the tune of 1100 crore in the current financial year in Bhubaneswar, a top SBI officer said here on Saturday.SBI chief general manager (Bhubaneswar circle) Praveen Gupta said the Bhubaneswar centre, which had given 716 crore as housing loans in 2010-11, targets to increase it by 50% this fiscal year. SBI has a market share of around 25% in housing loan segment in Bhubaneswar. \"To counter competition from other major players, we will offer better pricing and excellent delivery mechanisms to customers,\" the SBI officer said. HDFC, IDBI Bank and LICHF are the other major players in the segment.SBI will hold a property expo in the city from May 18 to 20 where around 30 developers will showcase their projects. To broaden its base in housing loans, SBI has tied up with developers offering loans at attractive rates to various segments, Gupta said.The SBI has approved 41 housing projects in the city. For 2012-13, SBI has approved four projects, including three projects outside the jurisdiction of Bhubaneswar Development Authority in the price range of Rs 12 lakh to Rs 17 lakh. Just two mega projects approved by SBI would offer 5,000 housing units in the state capital region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13115615", "title": "Dengue claims two more in Tirunelveli", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: Two more persons, including a six-year-old child, fell victim to dengue in Tirunelveli on Saturday as the illness threatens to assume epidemic proportions.According to health officials, the number of persons who have died due to dengue in Kadayanallur and adjoining rural areas in the southern district has risen to 10 with these two deaths since April. The two deceased were identified as Sharmila (6) daughter of Kumaresan of Udayampuli near Mukkoodal, about 40 kilometres from Kadayanallur, the epicentre of the outbreak and Hassan Mohideen (58) of Vadakarai near Alangulam. The two were admitted in the government hospital at Tirunelveli since May 10.\"We did our best to save them. But they were brought to the government hospital after the illness turned severe. They had taken treatment in private hospitals before coming to the GH. If they had come earlier, they would have been saved,'' said deputy director (health) Meeran Mohideen. Now as many as 110 persons belonging to all age groups from various villages in Kadayanallur region are undergoing treatment at the government hospital for dengue.A battery of health officials have plunged into action soon after the outbreak was reported last month. Besides state health officials, experts from the Vector Control Research Centre, Pondicherry have landed in Tirunelveli to study the unusual outbreak of the disease in summer, as dengue is usually reported only during winter.The dengue outbreak was reported from Kadayanallur region way back in 2009 when a number of deaths were reported. This year, in April, three persons died sparking fear of dengue though officials were on a denial mode initially. Later they admitted that the cause of death was dengue and sprang into action.\"We have taken unprecedented precautionary measures to curtail the spread of dengue. Besides, intensive treatment is being given to persons admitted in the government hospital. Health teams are visiting the villages regularly to find if anyone has symptoms of the disease to commence treatment at an early stage itself,'' Mohideen said.According to health officials, the number of persons who have died due to dengue in Kadayanallur and adjoining rural areas in the southern district has risen to 10 with these two deaths since April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115505", "title": "Mumbai couple held for cheating Chennai firm of Rs 54Lakh", "text": "CHENNAI: A couple from Mumbai who cheated a T Nagar-based refrigerator firm of 54 lakh were arrested on Saturday by the Central Crime Branch (CCB).Police said Himanshu R Bhatt, 50, a financial agent, and his wife Ila Bhatt, 49, who promised to arrange a letter of credit (LoC) worth 11 crore for Refex Refrigerants of Bazullah Road and took 54 lakh as commission, were picked up from Malad in Mumbai based on a complaint from Mayur Sridhar, manager of the firm. Ila Bhatt gave the firm a LoC for 11 crore, purportedly from HSBC , China, but it turned out to be fake. A case was registered under IPC section 420 (cheating), 465 (punishment for forgery), 467 (forgery of valuable security), 468 (forgery for purpose of cheating), 471 (using as genuine a forged document or electronic record). They were produced before a magistrate court and remanded into judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115116", "title": "Man, father arrested in dowry case", "text": "COIMBATORE: The RS Puram all woman police on Friday arrested a man and his father for allegedly keeping a woman in confinement and harassing her demanding dowry. The mother-in-law of the woman is absconding.According to police, A Anjali, 20, of Kovaipudur was studying B Com final year in a private college here. M Ashwinkumar, 22, of RS Puram had completed BE and was staying with his father B Manoharan and mother M Rajakumari. Last year, Anjali and Ashwinkumar were doing project and they met in a computer centre often and fell in love. But both of their families initially refused to accept the love but later their marriage was held on November 1, 2011. But Anjali's family did not give any dowry to the groom's family.After the marriage, Anjali was living with her husband and his parents. But her in-laws demanded 250 sovereigns of gold and a car from her. But she refused to tell their demands to her parents. Then she was kept under confinement and was beaten up by her in-laws and her husband. Unable to put up with the torture, she approached a Coimbatore court to register a case against the trio. The court had ordered to the police to register a case.Based on the court direction, RS Puram registered a case against the trio on Friday and arrested Ashwinkumar and his father Manoharan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115180", "title": "Schools to close from May 15: DM", "text": "LUCKNOW: The district administration on Saturday announced closure of all schools for summer vacations from May 15 in view of harsh weather conditions. The order, issued by district magistrate Anurag Yadav is applicable to all government, private and public schools. Any violation of the order could invite trouble for the school authorities. Yadav has directed the district inspector of schools (DIOS) to ensure strict compliance of the order.While the news was received with joy by schoolchildren and their parents, school teachers and principals too heaved a sigh of relief. \"Sending children to school in this heat is troublesome. Only two days back, my son had a heat-stroke because of spending too much time on the playground,\" said Ashish Johri.Abhishek Shukla said, \"Schoolchildren are the worst hit by the scorching heat. The kids are out on streets, when the heat is at its peak. Closing of schools has come as a relief to us.\" Packed in school vans, buses and rickshaws, kids are drenched in sweat by the time they reach their homes.However, before the district administration announced closure of schools, many schools had either scheduled their summer vacations from the same day or a day ahead. Principal, Delhi Public School, Eldeco, AK Singh said, \"As per our schedule, the last working day in our school is May 14. We were, anyway, breaking for summer vacations from May 15 onwards.\"Authoities of schools that had decided to close from May 16, said that they now don't have a choice but to break for summer vacations from May 15. Disappointed with an early closure, principal, KV (Aliganj) C K Ojha said, \"The school was closing for summer vacations from May 16. It's true that the mercury is soaring, but we will also have to ensure minimum teaching days to complete the syllabus.\"The school has in fact changed its annual schedule due to the loss that took place during extensive winters. Earlier, the school used to close down for summer vacations from May 5 and open on June 25. From this year, the school had decided to break for summer vacations from May 16 and open on June 25.Happy to close down a day before, St Francis' College principal Rev Fr Denis Naresh Lobo said, \"The district administration's decision to close down all schools has come at a right time. The mercury is soaring and children especially the little ones are getting restless.\" \"We had already close down the primary sections (nursery and KG). We will adhere to the DMs order and break for summer vacations from May 15,\" said a member from the school management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114189", "title": "Garbage plant shutdown: Cleanwell workers seek help", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nearly 1,000 Cleanwell workers in the city who are in dire straits following the closure of Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant, organized a march to the residence of social welfare minister M K Muneer recently, demanding rehabilitation.But they were stopped by the police and not permitted to meet the minister, said M A Susi, secretary of the Kudumbasree Cleanwell Job Security Council.\"We have met the chief minister and submitted a letter which was forwarded to the social welfare minister. But we have not received any assurance from the government. We have also sought amendment to the government order to give priority to Cleanwell workers for part-time works in city,\" Susi said. \"Now the city corporation is providing part-time cleaning jobs to Cleanwell workers who are already employed in micro-enterprises,\" she added.These women, who include single mothers, are unable to fend for themselves and their children. They are anxious over meeting the educational needs of their children as the schools are set to reopen in about two weeks.As many as 958 workers of 13 Cleanwell units, who had served in the city for the last 10 years, were brought into the fold on the assurance that their jobs will be regularized. But now, they are jobless for the last five months, with no support from the corporation, Kudumbasree Mission or the government. Many of these workers are unable to repay their loans taken from banks to purchase pick-up vans for garbage disposal.\"Before the schools reopen, we thought of meeting the minister to explain our woes, seek some financial support and request for part-time cleaning works in the city, as we are jobless for long time,\" said Valsala, a clean well worker.Kudumbasree Mission director K T Thomas said, \"We have submitted a proposal to government to offer Rs 10, 000 as part of rehabilitation measures to each cleanwell worker who has not been employed for the last five months. We have also sought the government to provide them pipe compost work for three months by the city corporation and then provide some cleaning jobs as part of community development services.\" Now, it is left to the government to take a decision, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114921", "title": "Engineering student murdered", "text": "PUNE: The Hadapsar police on Friday arrested a 23-year-old M.Com student for allegedly stabbing to death an engineering diploma student over a relationship with a girl.The victim has been identified as Mangesh Rathod (22) of Hadapsar, who was doing his diploma in engineering. The incident took place outside the PMPML building at Gadital in Hadapsar on Friday afternoon when Rathod and the girl had come to meet Ramdas Jawale, a resident of Warje-Malwadi.Senior inspector Pandharinath Mandhare said the 19-year-old girl, who had accompanied Rathod, was earlier in a relationship with Jawale. Mandhare said Rathod was in love with the girl who had an affair with Jawale in the past.Mandhare said, \"On Friday, Jawale had a fight with Rathod over the girl. As the argument continued, Jawale took out a knife and stabbed Rathod in the chest.\" Rathod was rushed to a nearby hospital where the doctors proclaimed him dead. Jawale ran away but was arrested later following a complaint registered by the girl. Rathod was pursuing his diploma in an engineering college at Manjari while the girl is a second year student in the same college. Jawale is an M.Com student. tnnA magistrate court on Saturday sent Jawale to police custody remand till May 16. His custody was sought for seizing the weapon and to probe the involvement of any other person in the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114724", "title": "Fire station at Patto by next year: CM", "text": "PANAJI: With commercial high-rise buildings springing up in the area, Patto is set to have its own fire station. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that \"a fire station will in place in Patto by next year\".Parrikar said that the station will be located on \"800 sq m of land that has been given to the fire services department.\" The land is currently used by the CCP for garbage composting and houses two large anaerobic digesters.\"The land will be cleared by September this year,\" he added. Parrikar disclosed this to mediapersons after inaugurating the fire services training hostel in Panaji on Saturday.The fire services training centre at Panaji is one of eight in the country. Ashok Menon, director of the directorate of fire services, said the department had proposed to the government to set up satellite coastal fire stations. He mentioned Calangute, Baga, Colva, Vagator and Benaulim as some of the prospective locations for these fire stations.Parrikar said the government would look into upgrading of fire stations after the election code of conduct. Parrikar also said most major industrial estates should have disaster management services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13116618", "title": "Police thwart forcible occupation of church property in Dalhousie", "text": "SHIMLA: Police intervened to stall forcible possession of a prime Church property in the tourist township of Dalhousie on Friday evening, even as the bishop of the Church of North India (CNI) threatened a hunger strike unless the trespassers were booked for criminal offence. Director general of police Daljit Manhas told TOI that status quo had been restored. He said people who tried to take over the heritage property known as the Khyber House were evicted and possession of the property was restored to the diocese of Amritsar CNI.Earlier in the day, Reverend Pradeep Kumar Samantaroy, bishop of Amritsar diocese, met chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal to apprise him of unknown intruders having trespassed into the churches property, kidnapped the watchman, vandalized antique furniture and plundered the place.Talking to reporters, Samantaroy alleged that forcible occupation of the prime property in Dalhousie could not have been possible without connivance of government officials.Demanding criminal action against the trespassers, he said the property has an old chapel where prayers are held regularly.Legal advisor to diocese Daniel B Dass, said, \"The attempt to take over the property was a case of highhandedness and has hurt the minority community.\"Sources said there was a ownership dispute between Amritsar and Lucknow branches of the church and the Lucknow branch was behind the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116208", "title": "Headbanging to Tamil beats", "text": "The rhythm is perfect. So is the music. But what makes Aruna Palanisamy a regular at the concerts of 'Jhanu' are their lyrics in Tamil. For a change, she can headbang to some Tamil rock.\"I like their songs as I can relate to them better,\" says the marketing professional, who grew up on a diet of rock, metal, film music and anything that sounds good. To listeners like Palanisamy, Tamil rock bands like 'Jhanu' and 'Muttu Sandhu' with their irreverent songs and anthems of angst are a big draw. With more such bands set to make an entry, musicians say that the regional flavour is the best thing that could have happened to the western music scene.Lead guitarist Jhanu of 'Jhanu' expected a few startled reactions when he and fellow musicians Lawrence, Udhay and Harikirat Singh Sangha took to stage at radio channel Chennai Live's Band Hunt, and later at Unwind Center, an arts institute. \"Now that people have accepted Tamil rock, we want to do more live gigs,\" says the architect-musician.For members of 'Muthu Sandhu', comprising college students, getting past the unfamiliarity of rock was the least of the worries. Seven months ago, when S Sathguru Nathan jammed with fellow schoolmates Rahul Sridhar and Arun Prasanna, they decided to strike a chord with the local audience just like the popular band 'Avial' does with its Malayalam songs.They took a month to create the band and come up with a pucca Tamil name. \"I think people are exhausted by the kind of music we hear today. It has reached a deadend or 'Muttu Sandhu'. So we picked that name, asking people to take a U-turn to sample the new music,\" says Sathguru Nathan, a Loyola College student.A couple of live gigs later, 'Muttu Sandhu' is getting calls from Tamil organisations in Malaysia to come and perform. \"We didn't want people to take printouts of English song lyrics, mug it up and come for our concerts,\" explains Sadguru Nathan. So when they sing 'Pengal' about how guys get 'aappu' (tricked), it is easy to relate to, whether they are performing at Saarang, IIT-M's cultural fest, or at the Unwind Center.Musician 'Darbuka' Siva, who came up with 'La Pongal', a platform for showcasing Tamil folk music, says there is a market for folk also. The La Pongal album, released in January, uses sounds from various traditional Tamil folk arts such as naiyyaandi melam and periya melam, with music lovers hailing the effort as brilliant. \"I wanted to make folk music cool for college crowd,\" he says.The reaction is not surprising, says Saroop Oommen, manager of arts at Unwind Center. \"Some of these bands have a perfect mixture of powerful Tamil lyrics packaged with rock music. They have conquered the western music scene and made it their own by adding the regional element,\" he says.The trend of adding Indian elements is not something new. In the late 1980s, 'Indus Creed', one of the first Indian bands, used tabla extensively while guitar solos from the Kochi-based rock band 'Mother Jane' has Indian influences, says Oommen. 'Avial' and Bangalore-based 'Raghu Dixit Project' have now shown that regional music, whether it is Malayalam or Kannada folk, can go mainstream.\"More bands are using Tamil lyrics as it is easier to communicate. It is similar to the international scene where artists like Shakira and Jennifer Lopez stick to their Latin American roots,\" he says. This is the reasons that turned the Tanglish 'Kolaveri' into a global hit.With more bands expected to belt it out in Tamil, it is no wonder that Jhanu is planning to stay away from fan clubs and set up 'rasikar manrams', tongue firmly in cheek.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13116316", "title": "Communist Party of India (Marxist) battles to keep its rank and file intact in Malabar", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The CPM is facing an unprecedented crisis in the revolutionary villages of North Kerala forcing the party state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan himself to take over the fire-fighting.At a time when the party secretary is expected to lead the campaign at the Neyyatingara bypoll, Pinarayi Vijayan has been tied up in the damage control exercises in north Kerala for the last five days.Sensing the gravity of the situation which is threatening to break the ranks of the party in its strongholds, Pinarayi himself has taken up the task of doing the reporting at the party meetings attended by grassroots level leaders in Vadakara and Kozhikode on Saturday.During the last two days he has attended a number of meetings at Thalassery, Panur and Koothuparamba. At the reporting, the party leadership has been reiterating that there is a conspiracy by the UDF to frame the party in the murder of TP Chandrasekharan.But even the defensive strategy of the party leadership is showing signs of falling apart.There is a groundswell of resentment among the cadres who are questioning the way the party has handled the issue. Many feel that the 'renegade' remark made by Pinarayi against TP was uncalled for and has done lasting damage to the party.Meanwhile, RMP leaders said that they are getting feelers from hundreds of CPM party workers and sympathizers who have expressed their willingness to quit the party and join the RMP.N Venu, the newly appointed Onchiyam area secretary of RMP, said a meeting to be held in Beypore and Cheruvannur on Monday will be the first in the series of meeting planned to welcome CPM cadres to the party.\"The CPM made the biggest strategic error in its history by thinking that the RMP will simply disappear with the murder of TP,\" he said.The Communist Campaign Committee formed by those who had quit CPM earlier at Atholi will be merged with the RMP. The Koyilandy municipality ruled by the CPM has unanimously passed a resolution condemning TP's murder. All the 24 members of the CPM had supported the resolution moved by the UDF.Venu said RMP's youth and students wings and the union of motor vehicles workers will be strengthened as decided in the last meeting of the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13115025", "title": "Education loan becomes dearer for management quota students", "text": "If you are looking for getting admission in an institute of your choice, then it is better you clear competitive the exam and secure a seat on merit basis as getting education loan from banks for students who obtained admission under management quota may get rejected or may cost them dear.Though banks cannot deny education loan to a student on the sole ground that admission is under management quota, they may not give interest subsidy and ask for collateral security prior to sanctioning the education loan.Recently, the Madras high court, while hearing a petition, passed orders that once eligibility for admission is established and a candidate is selected through an approved mode of selection and his admission too is approved by the university, then banks cannot refuse loan facility to the student. Banks cannot deny education loan solely on ground that admission is under management quota, it said. Jai Kumar Jain, chief manager, Dena Bank, said, \"Indian Banks' Association (IBA) has recently in its guidelines has kept management quota admission outside the scope of IBA model education loan scheme as banks face problems in repayment process.\" However, if someone wants to avail an education loan on management quota seat, then interest subsidy will not be given and it can be availed after giving collateral security,\" he added. Rate of interest for education loan varies from 10-12% in different banks.On the other hand, student and family members, especially of general category, rue getting a seat on merit basis in good institutes has become difficult as reservation policy has hit them hard.Even if they have little chance to take admission through management quota and prove themselves further in life, banks too do not support them.Rameshwar Sharma, one of the parents seeking admission for his son through the management quota route, said, \"I know my son is an average student so I am looking to obtain a seat for him through management quota. I was hoping if I could get education loan on the management quota fee, it could be a help. I want my son to get degree from a good college where he can prove himself and become a skilled professional and get a good job. But banks charge heavily,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13119997", "title": "RR vs PWI: Rajasthan Royals maul Pune Warriors by 45 runs", "text": "JAIPUR: Ajit Chandila claimed four wickets, including the first hat-trick of the season, in a sensational spin-bowling spell as Rajasthan Royals crushed Pune Warriors by 45 runs in a lop-sided Indian Premier League match on Sunday.Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch HighlightsLittle-known Chandila claimed his four wickets for just 13 runs from four overs as he single-handedly demolished Pune, who were already out of play-offs contention. The Haryana off-spinner needed just 17 balls to grab his four wickets.Chandila, who was playing in only his second match of the IPL, was though not getting prodigious turn from the Sawai Man Singh Stadium pitch and the batsmen were also partly to be blamed for their poor shots.With the win, Rajasthan remained in contention for a play-offs spot with 14 points from 14 matches.Set to score a challenging 171 for a win, the match was as good as over for Pune by the fifth over when they were down four wickets for just 26 with their top-four failing to reach double digit.Captain Sourav Ganguly , who was embroiled in a controversy over his place in the team, scored two while Jesse Ryder, Robin Uthappa and Anustup Majumdar made one, six and nine respectively.Steven Smith top-scored with 37 while Callum Fergusson and Angelo Mathews made identical 23. Smith and Mathews shared 39 runs from four overs for the sixth wicket to give a semblance of a fight before the former was out in the 15th over.Bhuvneshwar Kumar (3), Mathews and Rahul Sharma (0) were out in the space of 11 balls with the latter two falling in the 18th over, both victims of Watson as Pune could only score 125 for nine in the end.Other than Chandila, Watson and Johan Botha bagged two wickets each while pacer Shaun Tait took one wicket to complete the humiliation of Pune.Pune made a disastrous beginning in their run chase with two wickets falling in the very first over bowled by Chandila.Struggling Jesse Ryder (1) was out in the fifth ball of the innings. The New Zealnader failed to connect the delivery properly and he skied it to Watson at the mid-on region. He faced two balls.In the next ball, Ganguly was stumped-out for a four-ball two as the former India skipper once again failed with the bat. He stepped forward and looked to nudge a harmless-looking ball but it hit his pad, bounced to the wicketkeeper Sreevats Goswami who quickly took off the bails before the batsman, who was off-balanced, could reach the crease.In the first ball of his second over, third of the innings, Chandila again combined with Goswami to stumped-out Robin Uthappa (6) to complete his hat-trick.Uthappa stepped forward looking to drive the delivery through the off-side only to be beaten and Goswami removed the bails before the batsman could take his back foot to the crease.Pune's woes continued while Chandila grabbed his fourth wicket by dismissing Majumdar caught and bowled. Majumdar played a tentative shot to a length ball but it hit high on his bat and looped back to Chandila to take four wickets from 17 balls.Earlier, Watson and Ajinkya Rahane struck half centuries as Rajasthan scored a challenging 170 for four.The highlight of Rajasthan innings after choosing to bat first was the 94-run stand for the second wicket between Watson (58) and opener Rahane (61) after captain Rahul Dravid (21) departed early.Watson threatened to take Rajasthan to a much bigger total with a flurry of boundaries in his 31-ball knock before he was out in the 15th over. He hit six fours and four sixes in his innings.Rahane, on the other hand, was less adventurous and more intent to preserve his wicket before being out in the final over. He hit seven fours in his 47-ball knock.Rajasthan were 126 for two at the end of 15th over but they lost way towards the end as they could add just 44 runs in last five overs with Brad Hodge (14) out in 19th over.For Pune, Ashish Nehra was the most successful bowler with figures of three for 23 while Angelo Mathews got one wicket for 29 runs.Rajasthan, who need to win all of their remaining matches to keep their hopes of making it to the play-offs alive, began on a sedate note with captain Dravid and Rahane not taking too many risks. Not many boundaries came in the first powerplay.Dravid was the first one to go in the fifth over with Pune wicketkeeper Robin Uthappa effecting a superb catch. Dravid wanted to launch an Ashish Nehra delivery but got an outside edge and Uthappa dived to his right to take a low one-handed catch.Rajasthan were then 29 for one and they could score just 45 for one at the end of the first powerplay.One down Watson then began the fireworks as he hit Bhuvneshwar Kumar for a six as soon as he came out. He then smote Murali Kartik for two successive sixes in the 10th over at the end of which Rajasthan were 77 for one.Pune captain Sourav Ganguly, who returned to lead the side after sitting out for one match, brought in part-timer Jesse Ryder in the 13th over but the burly New Zealander was hit for a six and two fours to concede 15 runs.Watson reached his fifty with that six in the 26th ball he faced with four fours and as many sixes.Watson, however, fell in the 15th over to Nehra who returned for his second spell. The strong-built Australian edged a yorker-length delivery on to the stumps. His 31-ball knock was studded with six fours and four sixes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13114213", "title": "Govt to be blamed for Naxal problem: Anna Hazare", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Anna Hazare claimed that government is responsible for Naxal problem.\"If government had solved their problem in time, the situation would not have been so serious. Naxalites are from our own people, they are not from Pakistan . Guns won't solve the problem because those who die (on either side) are our own people. Talks should be the answer,\" he said.Replying to a query he said that he will welcome Gen BK Singh into his anti-corruption movement, if he comes willingly. \"I have fought the enemy on the border, but now it is high time to fight with enemies hiding inside the country. If Gen Singh comes forward he is most welcome,\" Anna said. tnn\"If there would have been a Lokpal in place then finance minister M Chidambaram would have been in jail by now,\" he said, adding, \"The government has no will to bring Lokpal Bill because if Lokpal is in place then 50% ministers in the government will go to jail.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13116655", "title": "Speeding car mows down five women in Mysore", "text": "MYSORE: Five women , including four employees of a garment factory, were mowed to death by a speeding car, near Hyrige village, around 4.30am Saturday. Nine girls were also injured in the ghastly road crash and were admitted to hospital. The condition of three girls is said to be serious.The incident occurred when a group of girls was waiting for a factory pick-up bus by the Mysore-Mananthavady road, 40km from Mysore, SP R Dileep told STOI. The car was coming from Mysore.Lakshmi, who is undergoing treatment at KR Hospital, said they were standing by the roadside when the car rammed them and dragged one of the girls, Geetha, for some distance before toppling over. The driver and his friend fled, leaving the vehicle behind.The villagers claim the car belongs to Sidda Naika of HD Kote, and suspect he was at the wheel. Police officials, however, said they are yet to identify the driver. As beer bottles were found in the car, villagers say the driver was drunk.HN Geetha, 20, HD Geetha, 19, Rajamma, 50, and her daughter Dinamani, 20, died on the spot, while Mangalamma, 19, succumbed to her injuries at KR Hospital. Rajamma had come to drop her daughter to the bus.The accident sparked a flash protest by villagers, who blocked the road for nearly eight hours. Traffic was diverted on Gaddige Road.The bodies of the five victims were handed over to their families after an autopsy and were buried in the village in the evening. The garment factory at Belavadi in Mysore taluk, where the girls worked, announced Rs 1 lakh as compensation to their families, according to its representative Marigowda, who visited the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13119604", "title": "AI pilots' strike enters 6th day, 20 international flights cancelled", "text": "NEW DELHI: With Air India pilots not budging from their position, their agitation entered the sixth day today leading to cancellation of 20 international flights, causing inconvenience to the hundreds of passengers.\"Pilots have not reported for work. We have had to cancel 20 flights from Delhi and Mumbai,\" an Air India official said.Hundreds of passengers were stranded following the flight cancellations. The passengers alleged they had not been given the refund by the airline against their booked tickets after the cancellation of the flights.The airline management has sacked 71 pilots and also sought cancellation of the flying licenses of 11 office- bearers of the Indian Pilots' Guild (IPG), which is spearheading the agitation.DGCA had yesterday issued show-cause notices to 11 pilots of the IPG after the airline management sought cancellation of their flying licences.Over 200 pilots owing alligience to IPG are on strike since Tuesday, badly disrupting the international operations of the national carrier. The airline has also suspended its bookings for international flights till May 15.Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh has asked the pilots to consider the plight of passengers and said, \"We are ready for talks but they must call off their strike\".\"The first priority must be to make sure that the passengers feel they are being listened to. So let the pilots decide that. Ask for forgiveness from passengers. Start the flights ... we can talk on anything after that,\" Singh has said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13124020", "title": "Senior officer in cabinet secretariat leaked Army chief General VK Singh's letter to Prime Minister: PTI report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A joint secretary-rank officer in the cabinet secretariat has been found guilty of leaking Army chief General VK Singh's letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh about the poor state of preparedness of his force and has been shunted out.A probe into the leakage by the Prime Minister's Office (PMO) has also cleared General Singh of any wrongdoing in the episode, highly-placed sources told PTI.In his letter, the Army chief had highlighted the critical shortage of equipment and ammunition in artillery and armoured regiments.The female officer belonging to the Indian Economic Service (IES) was handling the charge of intelligence agencies under the cabinet secretariat and was nailed after interrogation of some suspected persons, they said.The officer has now been repatriated to her parent cadre and further action can be taken against her for leaking such a sensitive document, sources said.After the letter surfaced, both the Houses of Parliament were rocked over the issue and certain parties had demanded action against General Singh also.At that time, General Singh had said that incident should be treated as \"high treason\" and the source of leakage should be dealt with \"ruthlessly.\"\"The leakage of the letter should be treated as high treason. Cynical approach to tarnish my reputation should stop. Sources of the leakage should be found and dealt with ruthlessly,\" Gen Singh had said in a statement issued by the Army Headquarters.Following the incident government had asked the Intelligence Bureau (IB) to investigate the matter and find out the person responsible for it.The letter was leaked to the media after Gen Singh made a sensational disclosure in an interview that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by a retired lieutenant general for favouring a sub-standard defence deal regarding purchase of Army trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "singapore", "code": "13116028", "title": "Chief minister helped Xavier's College save crores on Rajarhat land: Principal", "text": "SINGAPORE: None other than chief minister Mamata Banerjee called St Xavier's College authorities to fix the rate of the 16 acres that the college has been given in Rajarhat for its new campus. The phone call came towards the beginning of the month, just before the state government earmarked the plot for the institution. After some negotiation on her part and requests on the part of the institution, the price of the plot has been fixed at Rs 4 crore per acre.The former Left Front government had allotted four acres to the institution in Rajarhat long back, but St Xavier's had refused to accept that plot saying that it was \"too small\" for the college's expansion needs, which included upgrading itself to become a university over the next couple of years and starting new undergraduate departments. After the new government came in, the college put forward its request to chief minister Mamata Banerjee, revealing their plans. This was in January when Banerjee had come to attend the college's convocation. She had assured the college that she would try to find a bigger plot for it.\"We had asked for 25 acres, but when she said that she would give us 16, we were happy. However, we were a little tense about the fact that some people in high places in the government were informally saying that we might have to pay the market price for the plot. This would mean paying Rs 10 to 12 crores per acre. But God is great and the graciousness of the chief minister saved us. She herself called me to negotiate and fix the price and we got the opportunity to tell her that we couldn't afford to pay such a steep price,\" revealed Father Felix Raj, principal of the college at an alumni convention, Beyond Boundaries, which is at present being organised in Singapore. The meet will have a special business session, led by state industries minister Partha Chatterjee, to discuss the flow of investment from Singapore into West Bengal with the 500-odd alumni of the college settled in Singapore.\"When she called to ask me how much we could pay, I told her that the former government had offered us the land at Rs 1.8 crore per acre and that is what we could afford. The chief minister explained her helplessness because market rates have gone up significantly. We requested her to keep it at Rs 3 crore per acre. Our alumni felt that Rs 5 crore per acre would be a good deal, but even that is too high for a non-profitable educational organisation like ours. Finally, the chief minister agreed to give us the land for Rs 4 crore per acre and we are overjoyed,\" Father Raj related to a gathering of 300 alumni association members that included old boys of the college, both from Kolkata and those settled in Singapore.The college called out to its alumni settled all over the world to help their alma mater collect this huge amount of money for buying the land from the state government over the next couple of months. \"There's a deadline that we have to meet and without your help it will not be possible. It has yet to be decided which departments have to be shifted from the Park Street campus to the Rajarhat campus, but apart from that we will have to start a full-fledged B-school there,\" Father Raj added. The upgrade to a university is expected in the next couple of years and when that happens, it will be the first Jesuit university of the country.The Global Xaverian award for the year was given to Syed Manjoor Elahi, an alumnus who is today one of the top businessmen of Bangladesh . Next year's meet will honour Xaverians L N Mittal and Sanjeev Goenka in London .The secretary of the alumni association, Firdausul Hasan, assured the institution that it will do everything in its capacity to raise funds so that the land can be bought on time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13118336", "title": "No ban on adult films on TV?", "text": "Tense television broadcasters can breathe a sigh of relief. It seems the proposal to not screen 'Adults' films on television may not be implemented at all. Recently after the banning of the teleceast of The Dirty Picture on Sony Entertainment minutes before the scheduled time, put the Information &amp; Broadcasting ministry on high alert. The Censor Board Of Film Certification (CBFC) was asked by the I &amp; B ministry to re-examine the entire system of re-certifying 'A' films to make them suitable for 'UA' (suitable for parental guidance) viewing in the daytime slots on television.According to sources, there was a serious proposal to completely ban 'Adult' films from television and thereby do away with the procedure of re-certification for television.Television broadcasters went into a panic mode. A hush-hush high-level meeting between CBFC members and television broadcasters was called yesterday, Saturday May 12. The heated discussion lasted for several and went on till late in the night almost till midnight on Saturday night.The outcome, however, was in favour of the broadcasters. According to very reliable sources, the proposal to ban 'A' films completely from satellite television has been revoked. Instead some very strict guidelines regarding the telecast of 'A' films on television are likely to be laid down.Says a high-level source from a television channel, \"We were locked in a heated discussion with the censor-board members for many hours. We broadcasters had to substantiate our claim that any move to ban 'A' films from television would prove seriously damaging to producers and television broadcasters' financial interests. Our main argument was, how do we fill up movie channels if only 'U' films (films for all ages) are allowed?\"After much argument back and forth it has apparently been resolved that the CBFC would not recommend a seizure of 'A' films on television.Says the source, \"The procedure of re-censoring 'A' films for television is likely to continue. However even when films are passed with a 'UA' certificate strigent rules would have to be applied. These include prominent scrolls declaring the relevance and full significance of the 'UA' certificate and warnings about cigarette smoking being injurious to health.\"The CBFC, it is reliably learnt, would make its recommendations to the I&B; ministry that the 'UA' certification for the television broadcast of feature films be allowed to continue. But with several new additional riders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116046", "title": "Gautam Gambhir goes gaga over Rohit Sharma's ton", "text": "KOLKATA: Very few would have ever doubted Rohit Sharma's class as a batsman even if many have felt frustrated that he hasn't done justice to his genius often enough. On Saturday , he would have more believers than detractors in the wake of an unbeaten 109 that came off just 60 deliveries that helped floor the high-flying Team Kolkata at the Eden Gardens here.The 25-year-old Mumbai batsman was hailed by both teammates and the opposition for another special innings.\"It will be an understatement to say it was just excellent. I don't have words to describe it,\" responded Kolkata skipper when asked about the innings. \"( Herschelle) Gibbs too played well and that partnership took the game away from us. We were hoping to keep them to 160. A lot of credit must go to Rohit,\" he added.Gibbs, who as the non-striker had the best seat in the stadium as Sharma cut loose, put down the good understanding between them to the \"couple of years together playing for the Hyderabad team\" .\"I've always been a fan of Rohit. His cricket has certainly moved forward,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114676", "title": "Azabagic magic lights up Panaji", "text": "PANAJI: The guitar is a \"small orchestra\", Spanish virtuoso Andres Segovia once argued-a metaphor perhaps indicative of the wide range of textures and sounds this comparatively diminutive instrument is capable of, defying its essentially small voice. On Thursday at Kala Academy, classical guitarist Denis Azabagic quite unintentionally justified Segovias' hypothesis.Unlike the plethora of violin and piano recitals, the classical guitar still remains a rare breed inside Goa's concert halls. So when theGoa Guitar Guild and the Calcutta Classical Guitar Society invited the award-winning Azabagic in Goa, it was a special moment. The Black Box was sold out two days prior, but those inside were offered this on the menu: A programme of largely-unknown composers, an unfamiliar performer from far-away Bosnia , and a single classical guitar. How would this combination work?As it turned out, exceptionally well. The almost two hour-long concert featured works both by well-known guitar composers ( Heitor Villa-Lobos , Fernando Sor) as well as contemporary ones with whom Azabagic shares a personal connection (Vojislav Ivanovic, Alan Thomas). Azabagic's decision to use a microphone would have attracted a disapproving glance or two from Segovia, whose disdain for amplification is legendary. Nevertheless, given the circumstances and acoustics, Azabagic's seemed to be a good decision.He started with Lobos' '5 Preludes', one of the most famous pieces in 20th century classical guitar repertoire (though mostly associated with students rather than performers). A unique feature of Lobos' music is the juxtaposition of the European classical tradition with fare from his native Brazil, a mixture even more pronounced on Azabagic's exquisite Steve Connor-crafted instrument that at times seemed to play itself-so light was his touch.Contemporary composer Vojislav Ivanovic, whose works featured extensively on the repertoire, was Azabagic's pre-war teacher. The six 'Cafe pieces' ranged from the sublime to the catchy, and in parts had distinct Latin American influences. Azabagic's superior technique was on full display throughout, but was especially pronounced through 'Nostalgia', where he demonstrated exceptional control of tonality, and peppered it with a perfect tremolo.Azabagic's playing, though undoubtedly virtuosic, is subtle and reserved. He never tries to impress by being flashy, even when tackling more complex fare like that of Joaquin Rodrigo , who is recognized the guitar's first great composer (mainly due to Concierto de Aranjuez, the first orchestral work written for the classical guitar).\"We guitarists share a love-hate relationship with Rodrigo,\" the Bosnian quipped as he embarked on the Spaniard's \"Invocation and dance\".Azabagic, who struck a contemplative pose before beginning any new piece (as if to say: \"that was testing the tuning, now this is the piece on the programme you're expecting to hear\"), then ventured into completely unknown territory-A suite called 'Out of Africa' by Alan Thomas. The four parts are supposed to describe a day, but were played uncharacteristically clinically and didn't quite convey that message.Just as he started, Azabagic closed the show with a piece bordering the mainstream of his instrument's literature-Fernando Sor's 'Variations on Mozart's theme Op 9'. It was executed to perfection with the gentlest of touches, before he retired to the pavilion, only to be called back out by a persistent applause that refused to die down.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116324", "title": "Maldivian President Waheed assures Manmohan Singh of early elections in Maldives", "text": "NEW DELHI: On his first visit abroad as Maldivian President, Mohammed Waheed on Saturday met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and briefed him about the situation in his country expressing \"strong commitment\" to democracy and early elections. President Waheed, whose visit follows that of his predecessor Mohammed Nasheed, also explained to the PM the issues related to the Commission of National Inquiry.The Commission was set up by Maldivian government to look into what had transpired on February 7, when Waheed took charge following Nasheed's resignation. Nasheed later claimed he was forced to resign leading to widespread protests in the island nation.\"Waheed reiterated commitment to long-standing friendship with India and also emphasized continued adherence to all agreements. While reviewing bilateral relations with Prime Minister, he said Maldives looked to the experience and example of India in learning of democratic governance,\" said sources.Singh is said to have expressed hope that all shades of political opinion in the Maldives will get together to find a way forward even as he assured continued, strong Indian support for development. Waheed will also meet businessmen in New Delhi and Mumbai to seek Indian investment. Foreign minister S M Krishna called upon Waheed, and discussed aspects of bilateral relations.\"My government is a continuation of the previous one under president Nasheed and hence there should be no doubt on this score,\" Waheed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115515", "title": "Corporation schools to have montessori environments", "text": "CHENNAI: The Corporation of Chennai plans to introduce montessori education across all the 30 kindergarten sections in its schools. \"Admissions will begin from the first week of June and we will distribute pamphlets on the methodology in the relevant schools,\" commissioner D Karthikeyan said.There are 284 corporation schools of which 30 have kindergarten sections attached to primary and middle schools. Officials said 96 corporation school teachers have been trained in montessori methodology.\"Material delivery will begin in the second week of June and classes will commence from July,\" an official said. \"The tender has been finalized for supply of material. A Bangalore-based company has bagged the contract and will supply the relevant material such as shapes made of wood, dice and others,\" the official said. In all, there would be 30 such modules, each costing Rs one lakh. \"It will encompass mats, wooden toys, low level desks and other material.\" This would be entirely be funded by the corporation.Montessori education is not new in corporation schools. The movement towards this type of education began five years ago when the corporation in partnership with a few non-governmental organizations introduced it in its schools at VP Koil Street, Mylapore, Saidapet and Velachery. Put together, there are ten Montessori modules in these schools. \"In the last few years, we have seen a surge in admissions to class 1 in schools that have montessori modules in their kindergarten sections,\" officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "13116336", "title": "Work on runway for Kannur airport to be delayed further", "text": "KANNUR: The fate of Kannur airport continues to remain under clouds of uncertainties.The plan to float tender for construction of runway for proposed airport this month is unlikely to take off as officials of the Kannur International Airport Limited (Kial) seems to be unhappy over the detailed project report (DPR) prepared by the Cochin International Airport Limited (Cial).Kial officials said the DPR needs many rectifications. After Cial submitted the DPR, a team of aviation experts had visited the airport site at Mattannur on behalf of Kial.They felt that several technical parameters need to be corrected.A Kial official said even if the tender is floated, a final decision on awarding the tender could be taken only after the corrections are made in the DPR.If that is done in a couple of months, the work could be started according to the plan. But it is doubtful if Cial would be able to submit the fresh DPR in time. Experts and Cial officials will conduct a meeting on Monday on this issue.\"Cial seems to have prepared the DPR in a hurry to meet the deadline,\" said an official. The task was earlier given to the Airports Authority of India (AAI), but when they failed to give the report in time, it was given to Cial.The official said that apart from having an airport, the Cial does not have any multi-disciplinary technical expertise.\"Experts who reviewed the report say the DPR has not met the complete technological guidance,\" the official said. There was also audit objection against Cial being assigned the task. Despite this the Kial is making all efforts to begin the work in time, said the official.Though Minister for Excise, Ports and Airports K Babu claims that the tender for the construction of the runway of the proposed Kannur International Airport (KIAL) would be floated this month itself, there are some glitches because the detailed project report (DPR) prepared by the Cochin International Airport Limited (CIAL) needs many rectifications to be made and the KIAL has already informed them about it.After the CIAL submitted the DPR, a team of aviation experts visited the proposed airport site in Mattannur on behalf of KIAL recently and they felt that there are several technical parameters that need to be corrected.Talking to The Times of India on condition of anonymity an official with the KIAL said that even if the tender is floated, a final decision on awarding tender could be taken only after these corrections are made in the DPR. If that is done in a couple of months, the work could be started according to the plan, but would CIAL be able to make the corrections and submit the fresh DPR in time is the question now.In this connection, the experts and CIAL officials would have a meeting on Monday, according to sources.\"We feel that CIAL prepared the DPR in a hurry under pressure from some corners to meet the deadline but, since it has not met some technical parameters there is a possibility that it would further delay the process,\" said an official.Moreover, according to sources, the KIAL was not happy with the CIAL preparing the DPR. The task was earlier given to the Airports Authority of India (AAI), but when they failed to give the report in the stipulated time, it was given to CIAL.\"Apart from having an airport, the CIAL does not have any multi-disciplinary technical expertise. Despite this the task was assigned to them avoiding many consultancies, and the experts who reviewed it feel that the DPR has not met the complete technological guidance,\" he said. Also, audit objection has reportedly been raised against CIAL being assigned the task, he pointed out.Despite this, the KIAL is making all efforts to start the work in time and realise the dream of the first flight here landing in 2014, added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114540", "title": "Judge probing Kandhamal riots dead", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Retired Justice Sarat Chandra Mohapatra, who was the one-man judicial commission inquiring into the killing of Swami Laxmanananda Saraswati and the subsequent ethno-communal riots in Kandhamal in 2008, passed away on Saturday. He was 79. His wife Indira had predeceased him in 2002. He is survived by two sons and two daughters.Though probe into Saraswati's murder and the violent event in its aftermath would suffer a jolt because of Mohapatra's demise, official sources said the state government, in consonance with provisions of the Commission of Inquiry Act, could appoint a new judge to carry forward the commission's work to its logical conclusion.Sources said Mohapatra commission, which the government appointed on September 3, 2008, was originally supposed to submit its report within six months, but it was extended five times as the probe required more time. On July 1, 2009, the commission had submitted a 28-page 'interim report' to the state government, recommending certain measures that could be adopted to prevent recurrence of violent in Kandhamal.Born on March 24, 1933, at Icchabatipur Sasan in Dhenkanal district to Gobinda Chandra Mohapatra and Chitramali, Mohapatra was educated at B B High School, Dhenkanal; MPC College, Baripada; G M College, Sambalpur and M S Law College, Cuttack. He started legal practice in 1956 and went on to become a judge of Orissa High Court in 1984 and the Allahabad High Court in 1994. He also served as president, State Consumer Redressal Forum from 1989-1993, chairman, Orissa Administrative Tribunal, in 1995 and state Lokpal from 2003 to 2008. He also edited a journal, The Lawyer, for sometime.Chief minister Naveen Patnaik, leader of Opposition Bhupinder Singh , law minister B K Arukh, state Congress president Niranjan Patnaik, state BJP chief Jual Oram and a host of distinguished personalities condoled Mohapatra's death. Naveen described him as a 'great pillar of the judicial system in our state'.In the evening, Mohapatra was cremated at Swargadwar in Puri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13117910", "title": "Mother is now not a long-suffering martyr", "text": "Today's mother is no longer a small frail creature in comparison to father or son when making big decisions. She is changing whilst essentially retaining the core values, not only in society but on screen also. On Mother's Day, on-screen mothers feel that there's a sea-change in the way mothers are portrayed in Bollywood ...Shabana Azmi: \"The mother in Hindi cinema has always been an avtar of Mother India, strong, principled, the chief custodian of the errant son's morality. Given to sacrifice and hardship, she battles all odds to bring up her children. Today she is changing whilst essentially retaining the core values. Dolly Ahluwalia in Vicky Donor drinks along with her mother-in-law whilst an indulgent son says, \"She works so hard a drink relaxes her.\" She runs a beauty parlour, has a short temper, screams at her son but has a heart of gold and after initial resistance supports her son in his decisions. Kajol in My Name Is Khan is a working mother far removed from the coughing hapless Leela Chitnis. Long before these, Waheeda Rehman in Trishul is a revolutionary mother who challenges her son to seek revenge for his desertion 'nahi to main doodh maaf nahi karoongi' Salim-Javed's mother-figure was always central to the story line, particularly in Deewaar . Since my first film Shyam Benegal's Ankur I have been claiming 'yeh bachcha mera hai' as the raison d'etre for keeping the child from an illicit relationship. I upheld a woman's right to determine the fate of her womb in Mrinal Sen's Genesis, Prakash Jha's Mrityudand and Kalpana Lajmi's Ek Pal.Zarina Wahab: \"I lately played Shah Rukh Khan's and Hrithik Roshan's mother in My Name Is Khan and Agneepath , respectively. I had more to do than mothers do in films these days. Screen mothers have been completely marginalized. Nowadays children don't need their mothers to guide them beyond a point. And if the mother tries to make her presence felt the the children say, 'Mom, give us space'. Movies are doing just that. They are letting mothers be. There isn't much for them to do. Earlier there used to be a strong emotional track with the mothers. Nowadays moms are too cool, if they're there at all. In Shristi Behl's I Me Aur Main, I play John Abraham's mother. It's a different kind of equation. When she visits her son he feels crowded. Moms are no longer indispensable.\"Lilette Dubey: \"There's a sea-change in the way mothers are portrayed. We at least recognize to some extent that a mother is an individual with her own needs and identity. They're no longer the long-suffering martyrs. They're more real. More today. The mother I played in Gadar is a far cry from Monsoon Wedding or even My Brother Nikhil. But they are nonetheless mothers with their own strong individual characters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114254", "title": "Hospitals run sans registration as DMHOs \u2018act busy\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hindu Clinic at Karkhana where a kidney racket was busted by the city police six days ago has been operating illegally without the mandatory registration certificate from the District Medical and Health Office (DMHO). This is just the tip of the iceberg. Of the 1,500 healthcare facilities operating in the city, just about 300 have permanent registrations. The rest are operating with temporary registrations or without any legal sanction even as district health authorities claim that they are overburdened and short-staffed to take up inspections and punish the erring establishments.As per the AP Allopathic Private Medical Care Establishments (Registration and Regulation) Act, 2002, all healthcare facilities should register with the DMHOs concerned in the state. The Act states that if there are any allegations against an establishment, the DMHO, after making enquiries, can cancel its registration. Senior doctors note that the objective of the regulatory Act is to ensure that hospitals have proper infrastructure and display tariffs, services and specializations in the interest of the common man, but the lax attitude of the health department has rendered it ineffective. Even five years after the Act came into force, many have given the registration a miss.Observers said that for clinics like Hindu, getting a temporary registration is simple. \"Once a hospital or a clinic is set up, doctors have to approach the DHMO for registration. For hospitals, the process is complex as they have to obtain NOCs from fire department,\" said a doctor. Despite the simple process, many doctors evade the registration process, he added.Members of AP Private Hospitals and oNursing Hmes Association (APNA) which has over 5,200 members across the state, however, said that despite applying for registration, officials never undertake inspection. \"We have to plead. They come only if we bribe them,\" said Dr R S Saluja, president, APNA. The doctor added that the inspection team should include members from the Indian Medical Association, APNA and DMHO among others but APNA and IMA representatives are never called. As per norms, the permanent registration has to be issued within three months of issuing temporary registration.One of the immediate consequences of the lackadaisical approach of the health department is that of the one lakh \"quacks\" in the state, over 3,000 of them are flourishing in the twin cities alone, officials from the AP Medical Council who regularly receive complaints from citizens, said. The officials said that once they get a complaint, after verification they refer it to the DHMO as well as the respective police stations, but hardly any action is taken against them.Sources said that the Act has become a source of earning money for the office of the DMHO. \"If they take inspections seriously, 50% of the healthcare centres would face closure as the guidelines are observed more in violation. But instead, to cover up the deficiencies, the officials are collecting exorbitant sums,\" said a senior health official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115280", "title": "Abandoned baby boy in special care", "text": "GURGAON: A baby boy was found abandoned near the Jain temple, Civil Lines, around 10pm on Friday. Police said that this was the fourth such case in less than a month. The other three abandoned children were girls. The baby, who was just five days old, was heard crying in the Jain Baradari area by passers-by, who informed police.Police said that the baby was kept near the rear wall of the Jain temple. He was dressed in a blue sleeveless T-shirt and white shorts and was wrapped in a white woollen shawl. The infant was taken to the Civil Hospital, where he was admitted in the neo-natal intensive care unit.Dr Umesh Mehta, head of the paediatrics department, said \"his vitals are normal and he is accepting feeds\". He weighs 2.7 kg and is admitted in the NICU. A man named Ajay called the Police Control Room. The SHO, City Police Station, brought the child to the Civil Hospital.The police are trying to locate the parents of the children. The doctors have declared him medically fit to be shifted to the Panchkula Child care centre. A nurse who didn't want to be named said \"Since he is a boy, people are willing to adopt him. Some of them have left their names and numbers and asked us to get back to them once the paper work is finished.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13125253", "title": "Wanted criminal held in Ahmedabad", "text": "VADODARA: The detection of crime branch (DCB) has arrested a history-sheeter for robbing a woman near Akshar Chowk last week. Accused Rafiqmiyaan Lalkhan Sheikh was arrested from Vatva area of Ahmedabad on Saturday and produced before a court on Sunday. Sheikh is accused of robbing Pratima Patel of Rs 1.25 lakh near Akshar Chowk on May 9.His three other accomplices, who too are from Ahmedabad, are still on the run. \"Sheikh was arrested from Vatva on the basis of a tip-off. He had come to the city for committing such crimes. We have got names of his three accomplices and they too will be arrested soon,\" said detection of crime branch (DCB) police inspector Shankar Chaudhary.Sheikh has about 17 offences registered against him in different police stations in the city. His accomplices have been identified as Salim Gaudi, Nishad Singa and Maqsood Sheikh. When asked about the ornaments that were robbed by the accused, Chaudhary said that Sheikh sold them off to a jeweler.The four accused had targeted Pratima when she was waiting for an auto-rickshaw near Atladara. They came in an auto and offered Pratima ride on sharing basis. Pratima, who wanted to reach Tarsali, sat in the auto with her son and nephew. However, instead of heading towards Tarsali, Sheikh took the auto towards Akshar Chowk.The driver then stopped the auto behind Akshar Chowk and told Patel that the vehicle has broken down and that she would have to get down. When she got down, one of the accused sitting behind in passenger's seat snatched her purse. She raised an alarm and caught hold of one of the passengers. However, the other two pushed her away and managed to grab the purse that had a gold ring worth Rs 95,000, ear rings worth Rs 25,000 and Rs 5,000 in cash. They left the auto behind and cops suspect that it too was stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13116367", "title": "Soon, Surtis can enjoy on riverside walkways", "text": "SURAT: How about strolling along Tapi river in the evening and enjoying the cool breeze or your daily jogging and workouts on the riverside? This is soon going to be a reality.The riverside walkway project of Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC), which will connect Navadi Ovara in Nanpura with Hotel Taj Gateway in Athwalines on Tapi river, is on the verge of completion. Residents of the city will get an extended 3.5-km long walkway with beautiful lawns in the next couple of months.According to sources, the walkway from Hotel Gateway to Sardar Bridge is about 2,375 metre long and the one connecting Navdi Ovara to Swami Vivekanand Bridge is about 1,100 metre long. However, both walkways will be merged at Sardar Bridge making it a 3.5-km long walkway for the denizens.As the walkway on Tapi river has been developed for the first time, the civic body has placed a giant anchor on the elevated concrete structure to remind visitors about the glorious past of the erstwhile port city. The original anchor, believed to be of the 17th century, was recovered during the dredging exercise in Tapi many years ago.Navadi Ovara and the adjoining Dakka Ovara were the trading ports from where traders in the erstwhile port city of Surat were doing business with other countries like England, Portugal, China, etc.There will be about six approach ends on the walkway to facilitate the residents to effectively use it during the weekends. As the spot where the walkway is being developed is under the flood zone of Tapi, the civic body has taken precautions to see that the construction work is done as per flood zone rules.\"It is going to be a prestigious project for us. Once completed, residents will get to enjoy at the riverfront with their friends and family,\" said a senior civic officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13116673", "title": "Jaswanti threatens to expose government visitors", "text": "ROHTAK: Arrested for torturing and exploiting minor girls in the shelter home, Jaswanti Devi on Saturday threatened to expose government officials who frequented her place. Jaswanti told mediapersons that she had proofs as entries in the visitor book.The woman did not reveal why officials visited the place but said, \"They often had tea and ladoos. The government never took any action against them and I shall definitely name them in court when time comes.\"More than 90 minor girls were rescued following the Wednesday night raid. The victims had told police they were molested, tortured, raped and at times, paraded naked in the shelter home. Investigation has found that the girls were forced into prostitution. Jaswanti has been charged with immoral trafficking, torture and bonded labour, though she is a recipient of number of state awards for \"empowering women\".The raiding team lashed out at the district officials for their failure in inspecting the shelter home. \"It's shocking that no one bothered to take action, despite complaints\", said Inderjit Singh, secretary of Haryana unit of CPIM.\"It has become necessary to expose the obnoxious links of influential elements in the government with such people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116311", "title": "Pawan Kumar Bansal for timely release of flood management funds to states", "text": "PATNA: Union minister of water resources Pawan Kumar Bansal , who on Saturday made an aerial survey to see siltation in the Ganga from Chausa in Buxar district down to Farraka, spoke about the need to save the Ganga. He was accompanied by chief minister Nitish Kumar , state water resources development (WRD) minister Vijay Kumar Choudhary and a team of officials.Later, Bansal held talks with the CM and others on issues related to irrigation and flood management. The WRD officials made a power- point presentation before the Union minister. Talking to mediapersons, Bansal said the proposals on flood control and irrigation sent by the state take a lot of time for approval. \"As per the guideline, the states should get 90% of the fund for flood management prior to floods so that the mobilization and safety works could be completed timely,\" he said and added that he would look into the problems and ensure that implementation is hastened on various schemes.The CM said he had informed the Prime Minister about the serious problem of siltation in Ganga which is causing severe floods and damages at the Ganga River Basin Authority meeting. The PM is the chairman of the authority. \"Even the existence of Ganga is threatened due to siltation problem,\" he said and added that he had invited Bansal to see the siltation problem for himself.The CM also raised the issue of water-sharing of Sone river under Bansagar agreement and made a reference to a recent order of the Patna high court in this regard. He also demanded a separate authority for Sone river to solve the water-sharing issue among the stakeholder states namely Bihar, UP and MP and stressed on setting up a tribunal as per the court directive to settle the dispute.Nitish told Bansal that 28 districts of Bihar are flood prone but the Planning Commission has identified only 15 districts. Bansal directed the officials of the Central Water Commission and Ganga Flood Control Commission to call a meeting of Bihar officials to discuss this issue.Chief secretary Navin Kumar, WRD principal secretary Afzal Amanullah, senior officials of the ministry and Central Water Commission member also attended the meeting where issues of clearance for intra-linking of rivers, permission for construction of barrages on Kamla and Bagmati rivers were also raised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116422", "title": "Bharat Ratna not meant for Sachin: Katju", "text": "KOLKATA: Cricketers like Sachin Tendulkar should not be honoured with the Bharat Ratna as the demand to give the award to filmstars and cricket players spoke of 'the low cultural level', Press Council of India Chairman Justice Markandey Katju said on Saturday.\"Somebody says the award should go to Tendulkar or to Sourav Ganguly. I say it should be given to none of them,\" Katju said, adding, \"Sometimes demands are made to give Bharat Ratna to filmstars and cricketers. This shows the low cultural level in the country,\" he said at a function in Kolkata.Pointing out the Bharat Ratna has also been given posthumously like in the case of Dr B R Ambedkar, he said \"I see no reason why Kazi Nazrul Islam, the great nationalist poet who fought for the emancipation of women, poor and the downtrodden, shouldn't be given the award.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13125734", "title": "KS Eswarappa holds talks with BS Yeddyurappa", "text": "BANGALORE: As the ruling BJP in Karnataka faced a crisis in the wake of a fresh revolt by former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa, state unit party chief K S Eswarappa today called on the sulking leader and expressed the hope that the problem would be resolved within two days.\"We had discussions with our leader Yeddyurappa. We shared with each other our thoughts and feelings. I believe this problem will be resolved in one or two days\", Eswarappa told reporters after a 45 minute-long meeting with the Lingayat strongman.Reflecting on the crises faced by the party in the past, Eswarappa said, \"for the last four years, BJP in Karnataka has faced certain problems. Every time we overcame it\".\"This time again, Yeddyurappa ji has certain grievances. I met him personally and we both shared our grievances...this problem will also be resolved in one or two days\", he said a day after Yeddyurappa's loyalist ministers handed over their resignations to him pressing for leadership change.Earlier, Eswarappa expressed his solidarity with Yeddyurappa who gave vent to his displeasure about the party not coming to his rescue after the Supreme Court ordered a CBI probe into his alleged role in illegal mining.The BJP state president asserted that both he and his party would stand by Yeddyurappa in \"bad and good times and help him in all possible ways\".Seeking to down play the ongoing developments in his party and its government, Eswarappa said he had heard about the resignations of the ministers and MLAs only through the media.\"In case there is any such thing, we will talk to them and try to resolve their problem\", he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "malacca ( malaysia )", "code": "13121303", "title": "Akashdeep's golden goal gives India bronze in Junior Asia Cup", "text": "MALACCA ( Malaysia ): Captain Akashdeep Singh came to his side's rescue with a golden goal as India defeated South Korea 2-1 to bag a consolation bronze medal at the Junior Asia Cup hockey tournament on Sunday.After a barren first half, You Seungji put the Koreans ahead in the 47th minute with a immaculate penalty corner conversion.But India replied back seven minutes later through a field effort from lanky Lokesh Thimmmana after he was set up by Naveen Antil's perfect cross from the sidelines of the circle.However, thereafter the Koreans kept the Indian forwards under check with neat trap and fast attacks, stretching the game into extra time.India had a chance to seal the match at the end of the first period of extra time, but Amit Rohidas once again faltered with his penalty corner flick.But India found the winner in the second half of extra time from a counterattack when Akashdeep scored from inside the circle after receiving a pass from Lokesh.The Indians, however, could have sealed the match much before if not for their sloppy forwards, who came close to scoring thrice -- 17th, 25th and 29th minutes -- in the first period.The Korean defence manned by skipper Yang Jihun, Choic Jihun and You Seungju stood like a rock of Gibraltar to deny the Indians any headway.The Indians were also off-colour with penalty corner conversion as Korean goalkeeper Lee Seyoung thwarted all the three set pieces the defending champions earned in the match.Korea too did not show any acumen in penalty corners as they wasted both the opportunities that came their way on fifth and 34th minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13114740", "title": "Jodhpur founder's statue installed", "text": "JODHPUR: Over 500 years' after the foundation of Jodhpur, the statue of its founder Rao Jodha was finally unveiled at a gala function on the 554th foundation of the city on Saturday. The statue was unveiled by the 11 school students in the presence of the erstwhile ruler of Jodhpur Gaj Singh II amidst religious chants. The three tonne \"ashtadhatu\" (alloy of eight metals) statue having Rao Jodha seated on a Marwari horse has been installed atop the hill adjacent to the magnificent Mehrangarh Fort.During the statue unveiling ceremony, Singh said the spot will be developed as a tourist spot with greeneries all around. He said the statue is dedicated to the youth and the future generation of Marwar region and that was why, the statue was unveiled by the young school students from different schools of the city.Director of the Mehrangarh Museum Trust, Karani Singh Jasol, said statues of the founders of various cities have been installed in the past and Jodhpur being the second largest and important city not only on the national but global map as well, had been missing the statue of its founder since long. \"Finally, on the 552nd foundation day of Jodhpur, Singh announced the installation of the statue of Rao Jodha and the dream was finally realized two years after this announcement,\" Jasol said.Members of various royal families from the state and outside were present on the occasion along with school students, clerics of different religions and dignitaries from different fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114313", "title": "Cops get into brawl at theatre", "text": "HYDERABAD: A sub-inspector and a constable got into a brawl on Friday night while catching a show of the Pawan Kalyan-starrer 'Gabbar Singh', a film based on the police department, at a theatre in Chilkalguda.Police said that M Sarangapani, a sub-inspector with Chilkalguda police, went to watch the film at a local which falls under his police station. The seat next to him was occupied by Prasad, a constable with Chikadpally police. Neither policemen was in his uniform.Prasad, who was allegedly drunk, apparently made a nuisance of himself during the screening to which Sarangapani took objection. Soon both had got into a heated argument and reportedly came to blows. The argument was resolved when Prasad revealed that he was a policeman.\"The issue got settled then and there. In fact, Prasad and I went ahead to finish the movie. It is not true that I was attacked by Prasad,\" Sarangapani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "shraddha das is in a state of elation. reason", "code": "13119086", "title": "Shraddha grabs multilingual project", "text": "Shraddha Das is in a state of elation. Reason: She has grabbed her first multilingual project. Another reason to be thrilled is that the movie's gonna be shot in 3D!The excited actress wrote on her twitter page, \"Signd my 1st 3D film 2 b made in 4 languages,eng,malayalam,tamil,telugu 2 b directd by veteran director Vinayan frm tamil/malayalam films!\"With this film, the Bong beauty will be making her debut in Malayalam, Tamil and English debut. And looks like it's going to be a big budget movie as the thrilled girl from Mumbai tweeted: \"It is goin to be my debut in malayalam,tamil n english! its a dracula film,got an exciting role in it! All foreign technicians workn in it!\"Shraddha's role in Dil toh Baccha hai ji as a RJ garnered wide appreciation. Interestingly, she has acted in a number of sequels of movies like \"Arya 2\", \"Mantra Diary\" and \"Nagavalli.\" And she's often referred to as the sequel queen . However, this new venture is going to break that cliche. And this being a multilingual venture means visbility in other industries too. It remains to be seen which industry will be lucky for her.Good Luck Shraddha. Hope the 3D project will prove lucky for you.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13114704", "title": "4 die in accident in Alwar", "text": "ALWAR: Four youths were killed when the bike they were riding on rammed into a truck in Alwar's Ramgarh police station area on Saturday.According to the police, the incident took place at Noganwa town. \"A truck was stationed at the toll tax booth on the highway, when four youths riding on a bike rammed into it,\" said a police officer.The four have been identified as Mangi Ram (21), Bhagawat Singh (19), Mukku Ram (18) and Rinku (18), all residents of Noganwa.\"Three died on the spot, while the one succumbed to injuries at a hospital,\" said the officer.The police said that the four youths were returning home after visiting some relatives in Milakpur village when the mishap occurred. \"It seems that the bike lost balance due to overburden,\" said the officer. The bodies of the deceased were handed over to the family members after postmortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "etawah", "code": "13115117", "title": "Akhilesh's bonanza for Saifai", "text": "ETAWAH: A day after he scrapped more than two dozen projects of the erstwhile Mayawati government, Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Saturday announced a slew of projects for his native village Saifai. On his first visit to Saifai after becoming the chief minister of UP, Yadav ordered speedy development of the Paramedic College. He also asked the authorities to expedite the 'Lion Safari Project' that was initiated by his father and Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav during his tenure as UP chief minister.Akhilesh also inspected the site earmarked for the paramedical hospital, indoor stadium, Chandagi Ram stadium swimming pool and cricket stadium etc. He visited Chaudhary Charan Singh Degree College, Heora, and assured the people of Etawah that shortage of funds will not come in the way of development projects in the district. The CM also issued necessary instructions for revival of cotton mills in the region and revamping Raja Sumer Singh fort in order to boost tourism.Later, speaking to reporters, the chief minister took jibe at the previous state government for ignoring the development of Etawah and not only Saifai. He also said that a sports complex for men and women will also be constructed in the village.The chief minister also announced construction of a rural tertiary care hospital on the lines of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences, Lucknow. The hospital will also have special arrangement for attendants as well. \"The construction of milk dairy, which couldn't be constructed in last government regime, will also start again,\" he said.Clad in a traditional white colour khadi kurta-pyjama and accompanied by chief secretary Jawed Usmani, Akhilesh landed at Saifai's airstrip at around 9.30 am. The CM received applications from the locals at many junctions throughout his visit.Earlier, Akhilesh also inquired about the health services being provided by the government health institutions including mini PGI in Saifai and district hospital, to the patients. Many told him about their grievances which, said Akhilesh, would be sorted out soon. He further instructed officials accompanying him to look into their complaints on priority basis.Later, the CM went to inspect the venue, where Saifai Mahotsav is organised every year. Thereafter, he visited his home to seek blessings from elders. The chief minister spent nearly three hours in his home town before returning to Lucknow.Meanwhile, the party in a statement blamed both the Congress and the Bahujan Samaj Party for the poor conditions of farmers. SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said that it was the trio of bureaucrats-mafia-politician which looted the farmers. \"They forced the farmers to sell their produce at a very low price,\" Chaudhary said, and added that it was only after Akhilesh Yadav took charge of the state that he ordered setting up of 4,655 procurement centres for the farmers.However, Chaudhary alleged, it was because of the lackadaisical approach of the Centre that the farmers are not getting minimum support price. \"Farmers should be provided more facilities,\" the party said in a statement. However, due to crisis of gunny bags they are left helpless. The Centre had assured of providing 1.15 lakh bags to the state government. \"But the promise is yet to be fulfilled,\" added the party spokesperson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "13115371", "title": "Land row: Officials visit villages to talk terms", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Senior government officials visited the 14 villages in Noida Extension to conduct an inquiry into the land row. The visit, according to Greater Noida Authority CEO Rama Raman, was in keeping with the Allahabad HC order dated October 21, 2011.A team led by Sanjay Agarwal, principal secretary of the health department, had submitted a report to the then BSP government when the crisis had unfolded. However, the new SP government is having a relook at issues related to land acquisition under the urgency clause, farmers' demands, and finally, the Noida Extension chaos that has stalled the development of lakhs of private housing units.Industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta, along with Rama Raman and other senior officials, visited the villages, interacted with the farmers, and analysed the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021 in detail. The report will be submitted to the UP government, which will then forward it to the HC.\"The previous government had conducted an inquiry, but there were some problems, so, we are examining the issue once again,\" Gupta said. He said the UP government was hopeful that work in Noida Extension will resume soon. As the new government had agreed to incorporate the suggestions by the NCR Planning Board in the master plan, the planning committee should give the go-ahead, added Gupta. The approval, says the HC order, is a precondition for resumption of work in the area.The next meeting of the NCRPB committee, in which the Greater Noida Master plan 2021 will be taken up, is likely to be held on May 22.According to senior UP government officials, the main suggestion of NCRPB was related to the available land and population projections for the coming years.The planning board had pointed out that Greater Noida has a population of 1 lakh at present, but land was being acquired for a highly inflated projected population of 29 lakh.The SP government is reviewing issues related to land acquisition under the urgency clause and farmers' demands", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115070", "title": "Four arrested for murder of BJP MLA's son", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four persons, including a nursing home owner, were arrested on Saturday for the killing of BJP MLA Bawan Singh's son Gaurav.Deputy superintendent of police Purnendu Singh said Dr Rajesh Pandey, Chandra Mohan Tiwari, Awadhesh Pandey and Vishwas Tiwari were arrested by a police team from Dhanepur area in Gonda. Two other accused -- Pawan Mishra was arrested earlier, while the other Suresh Kumar Pandey alias Babloo is undergoing treatment in Lucknow under police custody, Singh said. Dr Pandey runs RN Pandey hospital where the shootout took place.Gaurav, son of the BJP MLA from Katra Bazar, was killed and a private security guard injured when two parties exchanged fire in Kotwali area of Gonda on May 8. The incident occurred when Gaurav had gone to the nursing home for some work. Gaurav had a dispute with the nursing home's guard Babloo over parking of his vehicle. The situation turned ugly when both the parties exchanged fire in which Gaurav and Babloo were injured.While Gaurav was referred to the Trauma Centre in Lucknow, Babloo was admitted to a private nursing home. Gaurav died on way to Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115199", "title": "Panjab University forays into Twitter, Facebook to stay in touch with pupils", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Here's some news that will excite students who are 24/7 on Facebook and Twitter. Cashing in on the popularity of social networking sites, Panjab University departments are launching their official networking webpage on such sites so that students can get all the information about firms visiting campus for placement, lectures of senior executives and key events. Students will also be alerted about updates through SMS.University Institute of Engineering and Technology (UIET) has created its \"students interaction wall\" on Facebook, Twitter and other websites and other departments in PU are gearing up to follow suit. In a unique bid, UIET has also launched an SMS channel by which all its students can be reached in a single click.\"Dissolving the formal barrier between the faculty and students, such a platform will be maintained by the brand promotion committee of UIET. This move within PU is a unique effort to keep up with the competition,\" said Swasti Bhatia, a second year student of electronics engineering.Supreet Pal Singh, third year student and technical committee student head, said, \"Along with an official page on all social networking sites, a parallel effort is to create a system through SMS where students are informed about all job offers by companies on campus and can immediately reply with their applications.\"Hailing the move, Sarvpriye Soni, who is in final year of computer science, said, \"It is very helpful as we get alerts on our phones.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13116626", "title": "Street plays to spread the word on Sakaala", "text": "MYSORE: Government will take the help of street plays to create awareness on its novel initiative 'Sakaala', which ensures services to the people within the stipulated time.With street plays coming in handy to effectively communicate socio-cultural messages, the government commissioned the department of information to spread awareness on Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act (2011) -- popularly known as Sakaala -- which follows passage of Bill to Provide Guarantee of Services to Citizens. As many as 150 services have been brought under the Act.The department has launched a state-level programme to create awareness, or to rather play a catalytic role in developing an understanding of the public, particularly of the disadvantaged communities, with regard to exercising the rights contemplated under the Act. The department has engaged nearly 300 artistes -- 10 each from 30 districts -- and has been conducting workshops at revenue divisional level. \"The trained teams of artistes will return to their respective districts in a couple of days and stage street plays and cultural rallies titled Sakaala in rural and urban centres for the next three months,\" said stage director Ravindranath Sirivara.The pilot team was in Mysore to impart training for teams from eights districts: Mysore, Mandya, Chamarajanagar, Hassan, Mangalore, Chikamagalur, Kodagu and Udupi. The play symbolically conveys the functioning of government offices before and after the implementation of Sakaala. The play, in fact, shows how the Act empowers the common man to get the work done in a stipulated time, and how the 'Nale Baa' (come tomorrow) culture will be done away with in offices. The artistes explain how to exercise the right under Sakaala and whom to approach in cases of non-conformance.The artistes are expected to stage plays in their respective district at least thrice in each of the three months. \"The teams will be paid Rs 50,000 each month,\" added Ravindranath, who has penned the script of the play. Earlier, the pilot team from Bangalore had performed in Bidar, Dharwad, Chitradurga and Puttur. \"The response was really good,\" Ravindranath claimed.According to deputy director of information department, Prakash, under whose supervision the workshops are being organized, the theme songs have been composed to catch the imagination of the common man. \"Due to code of conduct in the wake of elections to teachers' constituency, the street plays will be stopped. They will commence after the election (May 29),\" Ravindranath said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13120148", "title": "Anna Hazare led civil society under attack in LS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Anna Hazare led civil society today came under scathing attack in the Lok Sabha with RJD chief Lalu Prasad saying any design to target the Constitution and Parliament should be thwarted.\"In the name of Lokpal, a move is on to destroy the country and Parliament, which is the law making body. They are using the language of gheraoing the MPs...they are calling us thieves and dacoits,\" he said participating in the discussion on the completion of 60 years of Lok Sabha's first sitting.Despite Parliament being the law making body they want to place someone else on our head, he said adding that there is a deep rooted conspiracy to devalue and defame Parliament.Without taking the name of Hazare and the civil society, he said on this occasion members should resolve not to allow any damage to Parliament, which is the biggest democratic institution in the world.Echoing similar concerns, Asaduddin Owaisi (MIM) said fringe elements cannot be allowed to override the supremacy of Parliament.In a veiled reference to the issue, Leader of the Opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"once our norms of accountability improve, cynicism with regard to Parliament and Parliamentary functions will have to be brought to an end. Cynicism leads to anger, anger can lead to crowd on roads.\"But it is Parliament, which is accountable. Mobs are never accountable. Therefore, there is no substitute for Parliamentary institutions and a popular faith as far as its functioning is concerned,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114600", "title": "Kejriwal threatens nationwide movement if Lokpal Bill not passed by May 22", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: If the Union government does not bring a strong Lokpal Bill by May 22 when the ongoing Parliament session ends, India Against Corruption (IAC) will launch another nationwide movement, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal said here on Saturday.In Bhubaneswar to interact with India Against Corruption (IAC) volunteers here, Kejriwal said the biggest ever campaign will demand three things: The Jan Lokpal Bill should be passed. Any bill introduced in the Parliament and assemblies should first be referred to the gram sabhas and maholla sabhas for taking people's opinion. The members of Parliament and assemblies should make their case based on the will of the people. Thirdly, the looting of land of poor farmers by corporate should stop. Land can be transferred only after written agreements by farmers elaborating the conditions thereof. And there should be strong Lokayuktas in every state, he said.The key Team Anna member said Members of Parliament have cheated people of the country by breaking their promise made in Parliament on August 27 last year. \"To break Anna's fast they made tall promises. Now, the government is bringing a weak Lokpal, which will increase corruption. We totally reject it,\" Kejriwal said.He said in the current central cabinet, 16 ministers have serious charges against them and if Jan Lokpal Bill is passed at least 12 ministers will be behind bars. This may be the reason why the current establishment does not want Jan Lokpal. There is a need for cleansing the political system, Kejriwal reiterated.He said that the Jan Lokpal Bill says broadly two things. One, the corrupt must be punished in one to two years time, his/her property should be confiscated and he/she should be dismissed from service. Two, there should be timely delivery of service by government servants, failing which the Lokpal will ensure compensation to victims and penalty for defaulters.Stating that the Odisha government has a very weak Lokpal, Kejriwal said, \"I am told that 26 out of 30 reports of the Lokpal have not even been presented before the state assembly, let alone any action taken against the corrupt. Investigation report against Vedanta is one such report.\"Kejriwal said after Lokpal, Team Anna will have focus on electoral reforms, including right to reject and right to recall. Besides law making can't be left to Parliament and assembly alone. \"People should be consulted while making law. Our fight will be for direct democracy,\" he said.Kejriwal said a nonpartisan member should be made President of India, not owing allegiance to any political party. \"An ideal presidential candidate would be someone with political background, but not in party politics currently,\" Kejriwal said. \"There are some such deserving names but it would not be proper for me to comment on it,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114295", "title": "Lawyers can practise before college and school tribunal: HC", "text": "NAGPUR: In a landmark decision, the Nagpur Bench of Bombay High Court has ruled that lawyers should be allowed to practice before the university and college tribunals.\"A legal practitioner including an advocate shall not be required to obtain permission of the college and school tribunal to appear before it,\" a division bench comprising justices Sharad Bobde and Prasanna Varale ruled, while declaring Section 64 of the Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994 under which legal practitioners are not entitled to appear before the college tribunal as \"invalid\".The court quashed and set aside the order of University and College Tribunal on November 21, 2007, by terming it as \"illegal\". \"Since Section 64 deals with exclusion of right of an advocate to practise before the University and College Tribunal, the provision must be held to be repugnant to Section 30 of the Advocates Act and consequently void as per Article 254(1) of the Constitution of India,\" the court noted.The petitioners - Mohan Sudame and Sanjiwani Shikshan Sanstha - had challenged Section 64 of the MU Act which stated that a legal practitioner shall not be entitled to appear on behalf of any party in any proceeding before the tribunal.According to them, the University and College tribunal has wide powers. In any appeal brought before it by an employee who is removed or dismissed, the tribunal can decide all questions of fact and law which arise therein. The tribunal is presided over by a person, who is or has been a judge in high court or is qualified to be appointed as a judge of high court from the panel of three persons recommended by the Chief Justice of Bombay High Court. On November 21, 2007, the tribunal passed an order to withdraw the permission granted earlier to the legal practitioners to appear before it and directed the parties to make their own arrangements to defend their case.Citing Section 30 of the Advocates Act, the petitioners contended that it was enacted by the Parliament and allows advocates right to practice. This empowers them to practice before all tribunals, University and College tribunals as well.According to the Constitution, any law by Parliament, whether passed before or after the law enacted by the state legislature shall prevail, the petitioners argued. The court directed that the Advocates Act is act of Parliament and hence, the right of an advocate to practice before courts or any person authorized to take evidence remains intact, before disposing off the petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13125251", "title": "Hoax call triggers panic at station", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Panic gripped Allahabad railway junction following a phone that a bomb has been planted at the station. However, the call turned to be a hoax. Security personnel galvanized into action and checked every point of the railway junction.RPF inspector Anand Kumar told TOI that Shahganj police informed them about a telephone call saying that a bomb had been planted at the station. Receiving information, we checked every point of the railway junction. But , no bomb was found.Government Railway Police and Railway Protection Force swung into action and checked every point of the junction.Even the dog squad was called to check the vital points of the junction.Checking drive was carried at PRS ( Passenger reservation System), UTS ( Unreserved Ticketing System), circulating hall, parking stand on the city side and Civil Lines side of the junction. Passengers waiting for their trains and resting on the platforms was also checked. Luggage of the passengers was also checked.Some of the trains including Howrah-Jodhpur Express was also checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13118801", "title": "Filipino flavour takes the city by storm", "text": "The cuisine is a mixed bag of majorly Spanish, Chinese, American and Mexican dishes with slight influences of French, Japanese, Thai, Italian cuisines.With the temperature soaring high, it's time to dig into something cool yet sumptuous. In a bid to cater to this demand, Mythh, the 24-hour coffee shop at The HHI, has organized the Filipino Fiesta or the Filipino Food Festival - the brainchild of corporate chef, Utpal Mondal. With an assortment of myriad culinary delights, the festival offers the perfect reason to food aficionados to into authentic Philippine temptations as they enjoy live musical performances by Filipino band, Fusion. Significantly, the cuisine is a mixed bag of majorly Spanish, Chinese, American and Mexican dishes, with slight influences of French, Japanese, Thai, Italian cuisines, among others. Choose from a treasure trove of delectable starters like the Asian Vegetable Lumpia, Chicken and Garlic Lumpia, Mushrooms tossed with hot pickled chili sauce and much more. The food fest offers a lip smacking palate comprising Farm Raised Chicken, Kolkata Bekti, Baby Seasoned Prawns, Kalderetang Kambling, Chicken Afridata, Chicken Sisig, Pancit Bihon and Sinangag. Tuck into the choicest of desserts that include Spiced Chili Brownie with water melon ice cream and Green Tea Cheesecake with Mango Compote and Dragon Fruit Carpaccio. Drop in at Mythh to treat yourself with mouthwatering delicacies from the Philippines between May 12 to May 20 for lunch (11.30 am to 3 pm) or dinner (7.30 pm to 11 pm).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "the ipl final is just a couple of sundays away, and then there's the french open, followed by the olympics, which will soon make way for wimbledon and the twenty20 world cup. and let's look at the movies lined up for the next few months", "code": "13116029", "title": "Viewing it large", "text": "The IPL final is just a couple of Sundays away, and then there's the French Open, followed by the Olympics, which will soon make way for Wimbledon and the Twenty20 World Cup. And let's look at the movies lined up for the next few months: The Dark Knight Rises, Men In Black III, The Hobbit , Prometheus and The Amazing Spider-Man. Who could blame you for being tempted to buy a projector to bring the cinema - nay, the stadium itself to your home?BenQ Joybee GP2Think of a projector and a hulking machine springs to mind, straining unused triceps even to shift it by a few inches. Unboxing the BenQ Joybee GP2 is a pleasant surprise then, with its small size that fits into my hand, and easy portability at 565 gms.It's no slouch in performance though, as it projects a 44-inch image when placed just a metre away from the wall. Moving it further back would make the \"screen\" larger, of course, and you can tweak the focus to get a sharper picture.And if you don't have one of those white projector screens, there is always the option of pointing the GP2 straight at one of your walls. In fact, the device features a built-in ability to compensate for a few wall colours, including blackboard and pink, which was fool-proof to set up.When it was time to fire up, the Joybee was a pleasure to use. It just worked! I found it looked best at 44 inches, where the picture seems bright and sharp. But disappointingly, the Joybee GP2 supports only 720p HD and not 1080p FullHD. The lower resolution looks a bit inferior at this large a screen size.I hooked up an HD set top box (STB) and a pen drive and the projector had no problem in supporting both, even playing back myriad formats from the pen drive, including DivX movies, JPEG photos and PowerPoint presentations. BenQ has also thrown in a dock for iPods and iPhones, as well as a card reader. And in addition to these gadgets that you can connect, the Joybee has 2GB of built-in memory to store photos or presentations you are bound to use often.What was a major letdown, though, was the sound. A projector makes you expect a big-screen experience like in a cinema hall, but the Joybee whispers like it has laryngitis. Even when cranked up to full volume, I had to strain my ears to make out the dialogues being said - especially painful when trying to decipher those quick-talking British accents. It can be connected to speakers, but that also severely compromises its portability, which is its best factor.Another glitch was the playback menu, which acted a little weird. While fast-forwarding or rewinding a video, it would sometimes eject me back to the main menu - quite annoying! Of course, like with any projector, there is the trade-off that its longevity doesn't match up to a TV. The BenQ gadget claims up 20,000-30,000 hours on its 200 lumens lamp, compared to the 100,000 hours on an LCD TV.The idea of the BenQ Joybee G2 is quite lucrative: a projector that can easily be carried to a friend's place or on vacation, and doubles up as an iPod dock. However, having to also carry another set of speakers defeats the purpose entirely.If only the audio output of the Joybee was better, I would have had no hesitation in recommending it. As it stands today, the GP2 is great on the eyes, but grating on the ears.Epson MegaPlex MG-850HDEpson's MegaPlex MG-850HD is a cinema lover's dream come true. It's a cinch to set up, with its Auto mode taking care of any wall colour offsets and even ambient lighting.Compared to the BenQ Joybee, though, this is a hefty beast that tips the scales at 4 kgs. And Epson has perhaps realized the struggle that would be required to perfectly orient this device perpendicular to the wall. So the MegaPlex includes a nifty feature to project images in such a way that it makes up for slightly off angles (up to 30 degrees). What this means is that if your projector is placed a little to one side, the image can be adjusted to fit properly on your wall.And the image is quite large to boot. From 1.7 metres away, the MegaPlex managed a 60-inch image, going up to 150 inches from 4.25 metres. When I hooked up my HD-STB, it was like being at the stadium watching Chris Gayle smash sixes in the IPL.However, the set top box was where Epson stopped playing nice. Although it has a standard USB port, it refused to recognize content - be it movies, music or documents - in my portable hard drive or pen drives. JPEG images were the only exception, letting me watch a slideshow. And when connected to my media player, the videos played fine, but not the audio.The only saving grace was the retractable dock for an iPod/ iPhone in the back to project pictures, movies or presentations from an Apple gadget. An additional bracket is provided for connecting an iPad on the same dock itself.On the plus side, unlike the Joybee GP2, the MegaPlex had no problems with audio. Its twin 10W speakers were loud enough for normal usage, easily rivaling my TV's output. And when coupled with the large, crisp visuals, it was a treat - exactly the kind of thing where you call a few friends over for the big game.But the picture-perfect scenario does come at a price; in this case, the 2,800-lumen lamp's life is listed as only 5,000 hours. And considering the hefty cost for a replacement, don't throw your TV out just yet.The crystal-clear images bowled me over and the Mega-Plex is a great device for shared cinematic experiences in the comfort of your home. But the poor support for other gadgets was a severe setback for a projector that I really wanted to like more. And given its lamp's short lifespan, it's definitely not for regular watching unless your last name is Tata or Ambani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13123836", "title": "We'll have to stop Gayle, de Villiers from scoring: Pollock", "text": "BANGALORE: Keeping his cards close to the chest, Mumbai Indians' coach Shaun Pollock on Sunday said his team certainly has a plan for RCB's batting line-up but hopes Chris Gayle and AB de Villiers do not fire against them in Monday's encounter.\"We will be in trouble if we made our strategy against RCB public. Obviously, we have a strategy against RCB which we would like to keep within the four walls of the dressing room,\" Pollock told reporters at the pre-match press conference.Mumbai Indians have plan up their sleeves against Gayle and want to see his back early in the innings, Pollock said adding, \"If we get him early it will be a big blow for RCB.\"\"We obviously realise he is very important player for the hosts. He has been making runs consistently. We also don't want de Villiers to play well against us tomorrow,\" he said.Mumbai Indians' inconsistency has been a concern for the team management but Pollock said all teams have been going through such phase because of the highly-competitive nature of the IPL this season.\"Lot of teams have been beating each other. We have seen last-ball finishes too. This year's IPL has been competitive,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116267", "title": "Youth commits suicide in Chiraiyatand locality of Patna", "text": "PATNA: A BA part-I student of Maharana Pratap College at Mohania in Kaimur, Ashutosh Kumar Pandey (23), committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling of his rented room at Madan Lal Jain Lane in Chiraiyatand locality under Kankarbagh police station on Saturday.Kankarbagh SHO Balram Prasad said Pandey, a native of Bhabhua, was living in a rented room in the house of one Rajeev Kumar .He said when Pandey did not come out of his room till 4 pm, Rajeev knocked at the door but there was no response from inside.Prasad said Rajeev informed the local police who reached there and broke open the door of the room and found Pandey hanging from the ceiling.The deceased was preparing for competitive examinations, the SHO said, adding that police also recovered a suicide note from the room.Prasad said the suicide note stated, \"I am fed up with my life and say goodbye to my friends. I love my family a lot. Nobody is responsible for my death as I am committing suicide on my own.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115083", "title": "23 probationer nurses complete training at School of Nursing", "text": "LUCKNOW: The commissioning ceremony of probationer nurses of School of Nursing, Command Hospital, Central Command was held at Shivam auditorium in Lucknow Cantonment on Saturday morning. Maj Gen Ajay K Dutta, Commandant, Command Hospital, Central Command was the chief guest on the occasion. Twenty-three students of Batch No. 52 completed three and half years of training at School of Nursing and were commissioned on Saturday. It was a proud moment as they joined the esteemed Military Nursing Services Corps.Major General AK Dutta felicitated the meritorious students with awards and prizes. The School of Nursing, Lucknow ranked 1st in All India merit list in the director General of Armed Forces Medical Services Board Examination held in February 2012. Lt Jyoti Sharma bagged the Army Commander's Silver Medal for standing first in the final year examination and also the prestigious 'Commander's Trophy' as the 'best cadet in academics'. Lt Deepika Shukla received the Commandant's medal for being the 'best bedside student nurse'. The Nightingale Rolling Trophy for the 'best outgoing student nurse' was awarded to Lt Rupa Saha. Maj Gen AK Dutta congratulated the newly commissioned nursing officers and stressed the need for the highest order of dedication while providing care to patients.The school report was presented by Lt Col Cecily PJ, principal tutor, School of Nursing. The newly commissioned girls showcased an impressive display commanded by Lt Rupa Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13122329", "title": "CRPF woman constable found dead under mysterious circumstances", "text": "NEW DELHI, A young CRPF woman constable was today found dead under mysterious circumstances in a watch tower in the force's camp in south-west Delhi, police said.The body had bullet wounds, they said.Police is investigating whether she shot herself or there was any foul play in the incident as no suicide note was recovered from the 22-year-old deceased identified as Siuli Pitra, who hailed from 24-Paragnas in West Bengal.A senior police official said the incident came to light at around 4 am when a woman constable went to relieve Pitra from her duty at the watch tower of 88-Battalion in Dwarka Sector 8.Siuli was found dead with bullet wounds in her stomach, the official said, adding that she was carrying her SLR (Self Loading Rifle). She was unmarried.She was originally posted with 135 Battalion of CRPF based in west Delhi's Vikaspuri. However, she was moved to the 88-Battalion where she was assigned to be on duty from 2 am to 4 am on the watch tower.\"Nobody knows when the incident took place. It must have happened in between 2 am and 4 am when she was on duty. The woman constable who came to relieve her found her lying in a pool of blood,\" the official said.A case has been registered and further investigations are on, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124686", "title": "Criminal escapes from police custody", "text": "VARANASI: A notorious robber Rinku Mali fled from the custody of Bardah police in Azamgadh district on Sunday. SP Azamgarh VS Meena has suspended a constable in this connection.According to reports, Rinu was involved in several cases of loot. On Saturday night, the Bardah police succeeded in nabbing Rinku. No policeman could tell whether he was kept in the lock up or allowed to stay at the office of police station. But, when the policemen were busy in their routine activities in the morning on Sunday, Rinku managed to escape.The police raided many places but failed to trace Rinku. Taking serious note of the incident, the SP ordered to suspend a constable and also to lodge an FIR in this connection.Boy drowns in Ganga: Kallu, a native of Adampur, drowned in the Ganga on Sunday morning. Reports stated that Rahimuddin's son Kallu had gone to Khidkiya Ghat for a bath in the Ganga. He slipped into deep waters and drowned. Local divers fished out his body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124814", "title": "Ganga warriors want PM to hold talks with Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga Mahasabha on Sunday demanded that Prime Minister Manmohan Singh must hold a meeting with Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand as soon as possible to take a clear decision on the issue of saving the Ganga.During its national executive body meeting in Rathyatra area on Sunday afternoon, the participants passed six resolutions for saving the holy river. Apart from demanding a meeting of the PM with Swami Sanand as soon as possible, they demanded full honour for the national river like that the national flag got. They demanded the Government of India to go through Ganga Mahasabha draft in this regard. The participants stressed on the need to constitute multilevel committees by dividing the stretch of the Ganga in eight zones and 40 sections by keeping the geographical condition and pluralistic culture of the areas along the river in view. They said the appointment of conveners up to section level should be done before the Mahakumbh 2013.The Mahasabha demanded the state government to ensure the availability of 250 cusec water in the Ganga before the Mahakumbh and a complete check on the disposal of sewage in the Ganga. They said the Mahamana Malviya Karyabal, a frontal organisation of Mahasabha, was able to provide technical support in this regard if the government wanted it. The participants also discussed the issues of Union government's proposal on linking rivers and the Farakka Barrage.The executive body also finalised the future programme of the Mahasabha. They said for the consensus on National River Ganga (Preservation and Management) Bill, Justice Giridhar Malviya would meet the chief ministers of all states, presidents of all political parties and MPs. The Mahasabha would hold conventions of seers in Haridwar, Allahabad and Varanasi in June to know their opinion on the representative who would talk to the Union government on the issue of the Ganga. The Mahasabha would also launch a mass awareness campaign during the Shrawan month. It will be followed by a convention of 2,200 organisations working in the states along the Ganga on the issue of environment, Ganga and water conservation in October. The Mahasabha decided to hold an all-religion convention on the Ganga in November.During the discussion, participants including Mahasabha president Maheshwarpati Tripathi, organising secretary Govind Sharma, river scientist of Banaras Hindu University Prof UK Chudhury, general secretary Acharya Jitendra, senior lawyer Arun Gupta, Janata Dal United MLA from Bihar Vishwanath Singh, Shivji Thakur, Mohd Irfan Ali and others expressed concern over the treatment being given to the seers, who are on tapasya (austerity) to save the Ganga.Hundreds lend hand to clean GangaVaranasi: While Swami Gyan Swarup Snand's austerity continued at the hospital ward, massive support of people and public representatives for Swami Awimukteshwaranand of Ganga Seva Abhiyanam was visible on Daswaswamedh Ghat where he sat on stir on Sunday morning in protest against garbage collection on Ganga ghats.Swami Awimukteshwaranand had visited Dasaswamedh Ghat in the morning to begin 'shramdaan' for cleaning the ghats. After a few minutes of launching the drive of volunteers, quintals of garbage was taken out from the river and dumped on the ghat steps. The seer and public representatives like BJP MLA Shyandeo Roy Chaudhury, Congress MLA Ajay Rai and others were taken aback to see it and they also joined the stir.With the spread of news, many other senior politicians of different political parties and hundreds of people gathered there to extend support to the stir. The seer said the outcome of the 'shramdaan' drive was sufficient to expose the working of the agency responsible for keeping the river clean near the ghats.He also held talk with UP minister of state for irrigation and PWD Surendra Patel on phone and made him aware about the ground realities. He demanded the government to initiate action against the municipal commissioner and other officials concerned. The stir ended when additional city magistrate KP Yadav reached there and gave written assurance to ensure proper cleanliness arrangement on ghats and also in the river. A monitoring committee was also constituted on this occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13116252", "title": "Cryogenic engine test a success", "text": "CHENNAI: In a major step, Isro on Saturday successfully tested the indigenous cryogenic engine to be used to propel the country's Geosynchronous Satellite Launch Vehicle.The test was conducted at the Liquid Propulsion Systems Centre at Mahendragiri in Tamil Nadu's Tirunelveli district.\"The acceptance test of the indigenous cryogenic engine for the forthcoming GSLV-D5 flight was conducted successfully for 200 seconds at 17:10 hrs...,\" an ISRO statement said.\"The performance of the engine was as predicted,\" it said. ISRO chief K Radhakrishnan had said last month that GSLV would undergo two more tests at the Mahendragiri facility.Isro to launch 24 satellites in 2 yrsIsro is on to a massive launch mission. Twenty-four satellites will be launched in the next 24 months, Isro chairman K Radhakrishnan said at the 40th-year celebrations of the Isro Satellite Centre (ISAC). A 3,400-kg Gsat will be launched in September with 30 transponders aboard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115794", "title": "Fake passports seized from Tiljala youth", "text": "KOLKATA: What started as a simple case of domestic violence took a sharp turn after police found three fake passports from a house in Ekbalpore. Cops now feel further investigation can lead them to unearthing a smuggling racket operating in the city.About a month back, Shabnam Begum lodged a complaint against her husband Seikh Shamimuddin with the local police station. In her complaint, Shabnam said her husband tortures her physically on a daily basis. She married Tiljala resident Shamimuddin in 1997 and has been suffering the ordeal ever since. But of late, her husband started beating up their three children and this led Shabnam to raise her voice against him.Though the complaint was lodged way back, officers of Ekbalpore police station apparently sat on it and refused to act. Shabnam then knocked the doors of the senior officers in Kolkata Police headquarters and Shamimuddin was finally arrested on Thursday night after senior cops intervened.During interrogating Shamimuddin, police found the accused is a key operative of a powerful smuggling racket that deals in electronics goods and narcotics and operates in south-east Asian countries. Cops also seized three fake passports from his possession and the documents confirmed that he was a frequent traveller to Singapore and Bangkok.According to sources, three different gangs from Ekbalpore, Akra and Tilajala-Topsia are involved in the racket. They apparently go to Bangkok and Singapore to bring readymade garments but their main trade is to smuggle in expensive electronic goods and narcotics. During their trip to these countries, they often carry cocaine-stuffed capsules in their stomach. The rackets are active in the city for long and most of them use fake passports to cross borders.Using the links of Shamimuddin, who is perhaps a prize catch for police, investigators are now trying to track down the racket, claimed a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114723", "title": "Four years later, blasts probe heads nowhere", "text": "JAIPUR: It's exactly four years since a series of nine blasts shook Jaipur. As the hullabaloo around the investigation that led to arrest of nearly 19 people has now ebbed, the residents of the city are a bit confused. The question haunting them is whether those behind bars are the real culprits?Of the 14 suspects who were arrested for having links with the outlawed organization SIMI, 11 have been acquitted. Of the five who were claimed to be the real terror perpetrators, one, Mohammed Salman, still remain an accused but he was discharged in a serial blast case in Delhi by a court there even before the trial began due to lack of evidence. The irony is, Salman had been made an accused in the Jaipur serial blasts on the basis of Delhi police's claims about his involvement in several blasts in the country. Now questions are being raised whether Rajasthan police have enough evidence to prove him guilty when those who had framed him were not able to prove the charges against him. Moreover, some NGOs are raising a hue and cry over the innocence of one more suspect, Shahbaz Hussain, who they say was falsely framed.Newly appointed additional director general of ATS, Alok Tripathi told TOI: \"Only four terrorists are still at large. These men are involved in serial blasts at several places, so police of various states are on their trail. Efforts are being made to arrest them.\" These four terror suspects are Shahdab, Khalid, Arif and Shajid Bhai.Special public prosecutor Ashok Sharma said that trial is continuing against five terror suspects - Shahbaz Hussain, Mohammad Sarvar, Salman, Mohammed Saif and Saif-ur-Rahman in the fast-track court.\"Prosecution has not rested its case as several witnesses are yet to testify. About 98 prosecution witnesses have testified against Shahbaz Hussain and Mohammad Sarvar, while 48 others have testified against Salman, Mohammed Saif and Saif-ur-Rahman,\" said Sharma.He added that the prosecution witnesses include those shop owners in Kishanpole and other markets from where terrorists had bought bicycles. These bicycles were fitted with explosives and placed at nine different places in the Walled City. These bicycle owners had identified the buyers in an identification parade at the Jaipur Central Jail.\"There is no eye-witness. However, none of the prosecution witnesses has turned hostile. So the case looks good for prosecution point of view. However, the defence is yet to be presented,\" said Sharma.The special investigation team (SIT), formed to probe the Jaipur blasts, had arrested one Shahbaz Hussain with the help of UP STF from Lucknow. He was immediately projected as the Jaipur blasts' mastermind. But after Ahmedabad police arrested some suspects involved in serial blasts there, Sajid Mansoori and Mufti Abdul Bashar Kasmi emerged as the new masterminds behind the blasts. However, this too soon changed following the arrests of terrorists by Delhi police after the Jamia Nagar shootout in Delhi. Delhi police claimed nine out of 13 terrorists identified by them were behind the Jaipur blasts. The Rajasthan police jumped at the opportunity and a team was rushed to Delhi for further investigation. While names of Shahbaz Hussain, Sajid Mansoori and Mufti Abdul Bashar Kasmi drifted into the background, one Bashir alias Atiq emerged as the new mastermind. It now seemed his boys - 10 of them - reached Jaipur on May 13 in three groups to execute their deadly plan. They had readymade bombs in bags, about Rs 4,500 in cash to buy bicycles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114233", "title": "Government Medical College and Hospital students' council floats quiz club", "text": "NAGPUR: The students' council of Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) has floated a quiz club that would help undergraduate students prepare for the entrance exams for postgraduate courses.The club will also conduct activities like medical and general quizzes and feature pre-PG toppers in the college magazine. Active since the last few years, the club was not part of the students' council. It has been organizing quizzes at inter and intra college level.\"Students came up with the idea of the club that would definitely benefit them in their exams and make studying interesting,\" said teacher-in-charge of the club Dr AM Quraishi.\"Most courses are devoid of syllabus that would encourage students to improve their general knowledge,\" he added.The club is among the very few in the medical colleges of the country. \"The idea came about when we saw how students in institutes like AIIMS prepared for the pre-PG competitive exams together.\"Now we can do all these things on an official level,\" said Ameya Kawathkar, founder and president of the club.\"It's only been a few days since we have started the club officially but it has already become the largest body under the council in terms of membership. This shows that the students feel the need for the club, too,\" said secretary of the club Pankaj Jeswani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13116334", "title": "4 new programmes at Maharaja Sayajirao University from this year", "text": "VADODARA: The Faculty of Technology and Engineering (FTE) at MS University is starting four new specialized courses from this academic year. The masters level courses include two MSc programmes and two ME programmes.\"The department of applied chemistry will be offering two MSc programmes - MSc (polymer science) and MSc (analytical techniques). Students, who have cleared BSc with chemistry or industrial chemistry as their principal subject will be eligible for these courses,\" said FTE dean, A N Misra.The MSc programmes are of one year duration, with intake strength of 30 students and Rs 10,000 per annum under higher fee structure model.\"The polymer science course has been planned to suffice the need of skilled manpower for the growing automobile and chemical industry of Gujarat,\" said Misra. \"The course in analytical techniques will provide exposure to students to advanced techniques in analysis which are used in chemical and pharmaceutical sectors.\"FTE's department of electrical engineering, on the other hand, is starting two new self-financed courses - ME (micro electronics and VLSI design) and ME (embedded system). Students who have cleared their bachelors in engineering with electronics or electronics and communication will be eligible for admission to these two courses.\"The two-year ME programmes are on self-financed model with Rs 1.25 lakh fee per annum which is to be approved by the syndicate,\" said Misra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124746", "title": "Heavy rush on roads due to exams", "text": "VARANASI: There was a heavy rush on roads due to the movement of some 14,700 aspirants appearing in the Class XI (mathematics group) entrance examination of the Central Hindu Schools (CHS), Banaras Hindu University (BHU), on Sunday.As per the records of BHU , a total of 3,500 aspirants for class XI (biology) and 2,105 students for class XI (arts and commerce) have already appeared on Friday and Saturday. According to Madhulika Agrawal, vice chairperson, School Board, BHU, out of approximately 54,000, 49,000 applicants are expected to appear in entrance test for various classes, scheduled from May 11 to May 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "13124936", "title": "Fake gun licence racket busted in Bharuch, 15 held", "text": "BHARUCH: At least 15 security guards of various private agencies were arrested for running a fake gun licence racket in Bharuch. Police also seized 17 illegal fire arms and 110 cartridges from the security guards working at ATM centres of various banks.Due to central intelligence agencies' inputs regarding possible terror attacks, Bharuch police officials from C-division police station were carrying out routine checking at Golden Bridge on Narmada.While checking two youths, police found two pistols and cartridges in their bag. On questioning, it was found that both youths own the firearms and have licences too. While going through the licence, police found that both the licences were signed by district collector of Itava in Uttar Pradesh, raising further doubts.Investigations revealed that both the licences were fake and signature and documents had been forged.Cops then raided the houses of both the youths and found rubber stamp of Itava collector and other documents from other departments of Uttar Pradesh. This proved that the duo was making the fire arm licenses at home and even purchasing the weapons to get jobs in private security agencies. Bharuch superintendent of police Gautam Parmar said, \"Security agencies are aware of what they are doing. We checked their licences with the issuing authorities and found them to be forged. Also, when they buy weapons, they are supposed to inform their place of residence and re-register the weapon when they change the house. But nothing was done by the accused. We have two pistols and 15 other illegal guns with 110 cartridges whose owners were also booked and few among them are arrested.\"Taking advantage of the demand for armed security personnel by private banks, agencies and guards are resorting to procuring firearms illegally. Unarmed security guards are paid Rs 5,000 whereas armed guards are paid Rs 9,000 to Rs 10,000 per month. The accused persons are residents of Uttar Pradesh and Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114594", "title": "New police recruitment after polls, says Manohar Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Admitting to a staff shortage in the police force, CM Manohar Parrikar said new recruitments would be after the panchayat elections and Cortalim bypoll.\"Around 700-800 traffic police personnel are required as against the existing 250-odd. There's also a 20-30% shortage in every police station,\" Parrikar told mediapersons. He said his hands were currently tied because of the code of conduct, but added, \"We will recruit 1,000 new police personnel, including 60-70 PSIs, after the elections.\"He said the administrative department would assess the force's actual requirement as \"there are areas where a big police presence may not be required\". As an example he cited the extension of the North Goa anti-human trafficking cell's jurisdiction to the entire state, instead of a separate South Goa cell, \"as trafficking in the state is minimal\".He said police security would be provided to Apna Ghar if asked for by the home's officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13115373", "title": "For mothers beyond home", "text": "LUDHIANA: Vivekananda Old Age Home was abuzz with activity on Saturday, when members of a charity organization gathered to celebrate Mother's Day with the senior citizens there.President of the organization, Sangeeta Bhandari said, ''We decided to spend some quality time with moms who have been abandoned by their children. We believe we have served God by making these moms smile.\"She further informed that other members who were part of the group were Chahat Bhandari, Simmi Jain, Suruchi, Renu, Preeti, Sangeeta Verma, Vriddhi, Saksham, Maulik, Aayushi, Swati and Shruti.''We spent time with the old mothers at the home and distributed fruits, sweets, biscuits and namkeen. We also played some games with them and gave prizes to the winners. To add a little melody to the whole celebrations we sang religious songs with 'dholki',\" said Simmi.Shanti Devi, a 75-year-old resident of the old age home, said, ''I wish every day could be celebrated as Mother's Day. We love people visiting and spending time with us.\" Nirmala Devi, another 78-year-old resident of the home from Amritsar, said, ''Our children have dumped us, but I'm glad God has sent such people in our life.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115342", "title": "Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad to help out kin of terror suspects", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) is on a rehabilitation mission. The squad is scrutinizing the financial and educational status of families of those who have been caught or jailed in various terror cases.ATS chief Rakesh Maria told TOI that he had instructed his officers to compile a report and submit it to him. \"We will review the financial and educational status of the wives and children of these terror suspects. If the immediate family members are in financial crisis and do not have a job, we will make sure that they get jobs and lead their lives,\" said Maria, adding that it would help bridge the gap between the police and the public. \"The wives and children of these suspects are suffering for no reason. They are not the suspects. They have not committed any crime, so it is time we rehabilitate them,\" added Maria.Speaking about the trauma a mother of a terror suspect faced, he said, \"We arrested the operative of a banned outfit who was involved in a terror case. When the news came out, the suspect's mother, who was employed with an English-medium school, was sacked. The woman came to us, stating that she was the only earning member of the family.\" Maria added that after running a background check, the squad issued a letter to the school management requesting them to reinstate her as it was no fault of hers. \"Today, the woman is teaching in the same school,\" he said.ATS officers said families of terror suspects are thrown into turmoil by the arrest. \"No one thinks about the education of the children. We are trying to find out the educational status of such families and will help them continue their studies,\" said an officer.The ATS will be organizing an interaction in the first week of June at Police Club, Azad Maidan. \"We have invited intellectuals, journalists, maulvis, doctors, professors and social activists for the interaction session. It is an attempt to meet the community and erase the misconception in their minds about the police. We are also trying to find out what can be done to eradicate terrorism from our state,\" said Maria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13117783", "title": "Statistical highlights of Chennai Super Kings-Delhi Daredevils IPL match", "text": "CHENNAI: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Chennai Super Kings and Delhi Daredevils on Saturday:# Ben Hilfenhaus (3/27) registered his best bowling performance in the IPL.# Hilfenhaus was adjudged the Man of the Match for the second time in the IPL.# Yogesh Nagar (43 not out off 47 balls) recorded his highest innings in the present tournament.# Venugopal Rao (27 off 24 balls) has posted his highest score for Delhi in the IPL 2012.# Chennai Super Kings' nine-wicket victory is their largest over Delhi Daredevils in the IPL. They have recorded nine wickets' wins four times - twice against Kolkata and one each against Delhi and Punjab.# Chennai have won five and lost four out of nine contested against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Chennai Super Kings have won seven and lost six out of 14 played in the present tournament (NR 1). With a tally of 15 points, they are fourth in the table behind Delhi Daredevils (18), Kolkata Knight Riders (17) and Mumbai Indians (16).# Delhi Daredevils have won nine and lost four out of 13 played - the most by any team in the present tournament.# Delhi Daredevils (114/5) recorded their lowest total against Chennai in the IPL.# Delhi Daredevils' total is their fifth lowest in the IPL.# Murali Vijay (48 not out) recorded his highest innings in the IPL 5.# Michael Hussey and Murali Vijay added 75 for the first wicket - Chennai's highest for the first wicket against Delhi Daredevils in the IPL.# Chennai's stand is the second highest for any wicket in the IPL 5, next only to the 116 between Faf du Plessis and Subramaniam Badrinath for the first wicket against Pune Warriors at Chennai on April 19.# Suresh Raina has become the second batsman after Faf du Plessis (385 at 35.00 in 12 matches) to manage 300 runs for Chennai in the IPL 5 - 316 (ave.26.33) in 14 matches. He is yet to register a fifty in the present competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13115346", "title": "Cop 'beats' up traffic volunteers", "text": "NOIDA: A police officer allegedly refused to cooperate during checking of tinted glass in Noida. He sped off, disrupting the inspection of other cars as well. The Noida traffic police SP said he had ordered an investigation and asked the traffic cops to submit a written report.The erring police officer is learnt to be the station in-charge of the Harola police post. On being flagged down by traffic policemen and volunteers near Botanical Garden, he began to argue. \"He initially refused get out of the car and when he did step out, he had a row with those carrying out the check and even threatened to beat up one of the volunteers,\" said a traffic police officer. Volunteers who were allegedly been beaten up by the cop went to Sector 6 police station and filed a complaint with the Noida SP. \"There were five volunteers present at the spot along with traffic policemen,\" said a volunteer from Noida Traffic Initiative.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116248", "title": "Government ready to allot land for army training centre", "text": "PATNA: The state government has agreed, in principle, to provide land to the army to open its training centre to tackle Maoist activities.The ministry of defence (MoD), through the ministry of home affairs (MHA), had requested the state government to provide land in the Maoist-affected area in Bihar. The home department has communicated to the MHA that the government is ready to allocate land for the purpose.The MHA had earlier piloted this scheme, in consultation with the MoD, in Chhattisgarh a couple of years ago. Chhattisgarh police, later, conformed to the Centre's view that it had a salutary effect as Maoists could do nothing, say, in the 20-25 km radius of the Army unit. On getting such a positive response, the MHA went whole hog to open such a unit in Maoist-affected states like Odisha, Jharkhand and Bihar.With the opening up of an Army unit in such disturbed areas, IG (operations), Amit Kumar, said it would definitely help in improving the overall security scenario in the state as the unit would also impart training to the Bihar police personnel in jungle warfare, guerrilla attack and infantry skills which Maoists would definitely not match.This would not only secure the local ambience but also help the police get advance training with improved infrastructure.According to home department sources, the Bihar government would not charge a single paisa for the land. The process of site selection for the unit is going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114448", "title": "13 Kalupur shops burgled in one night", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was burglars' night out in Kalupur on Friday. The thieves broke into 13 shops, about 100 meters from Kalupur police chowky. Cash and silver idols worth Rs 1.18 lakh have been stolen in the incident.According to Kalpur police, one Paresh Shah has claimed that on Friday night some unidentified persons broke open the locks of the shops situated in Kandoi ni Pol. The traders, mainly cloth merchants, have claimed that on Friday night some outlaws broke open 40 locks of their shops and other safe and took away the cash and silver ornaments worth Rs 1.18 lakh.The traders after getting the news of the incident rushed to the area and later rushed to the Kalupur police chowky. The traders were surprised to see the chowky locked. They then went to Kalupur police station.The businessmen held a meeting and decided that they would meet senior police officers and make representations that such incidents were very common in the area.The traders said that they would press for their demand for intensifying patrolling in the area so that such incidents do not take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115249", "title": "UP plans to learn lessons in crime control from neighbouring Bihar", "text": "LUCKNOW: Till recently Bihar and Uttar Pradesh were seen as the most crime-prone states of the country. However, in a sure sign of change, Bihar will now impart lessons on crime control through speedy trial of criminals to Uttar Pradesh. With UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav all willing to try the latest methods in crime control, the government is believed to have given a 'go ahead' to the cops to visit Bihar and study the model, which is yielding reasonably good results.Introduced halfway through Nitish Kumar's first of the two consecutive stints as chief minister, the concept of 'speedy trail' for crime control was a brain child of the director general of police (DGP) Bihar Abhyanand, who was then the additional DG (Training). Introduced on an experimental basis initially, the mechanism was officially adopted in 2008.The concept is primarily based on speedy conviction instead of making arrests in more and more cases and letting the accused person go scot free because of poor evidence gathering and lax follow-up of the trial.Since its introduction, Bihar government's statistics say that more than 55,000 accused have been convicted in the last five and a half years (mid-2007 onwards).Impressed with the success of speedy trial, which happens to be a mechanism that needs no extra funds, manpower or any other paraphernalia, the UP Police is keen to introduce a similar system in the state as well. Sources at the director general of police headquarters said, \"Senior officials are in touch with their Bihar counterparts to prepare a blueprint for the visit. A formal acknowledgement from the state government is also expected anytime now.\" The chief minister is also believed to have expressed his willingness to take up the issue with the judicial authorities and the Union law ministry, if required to push the state's demand for fast track courts as well.The mechanism provides for appointment of ex-army men on a contractual basis to chip in their bit with regards to focussed and sustained follow-up of the trial, which mainly falls out of the responsibilities of the police and is taken care of by the state law department through government lawyers and public prosecutors. This happens to be another element that will suit the UP Police, which is already reeling under an acute shortage of manpower in terms of head count.Till date more than 60,000 criminals, including politicians have been convicted in the last five-a-half years. In 2010 alone; 14,311 persons were convicted in speedy trials, out of which 37 persons were awarded capital punishment and 1,875, life imprisonment. The police records say that all were convicted by fast track courts across the state.The convictions were made possible with speedy trials conducted in almost all the pending criminal cases by different courts, including fast track courts, say Bihar police officials. The concept has even caught the attention of the Princeton University in USA. The University has included the concept as a case study subject, as stated in its website.As per the National Crime Record Bureau, the pendency of special laws (SLL) cases in Bihar was 3.3% at the all India level in 2004. In 2010 the corresponding figures stood at .02%. The situation is no different in cases related to Indian Penal Code (IPC) cases. Uttar Pradesh had a total of 4,06,441 SLL cases pending trail in 2010 and the 11,65,634 IPC cases awaiting disposal, which is 24% of the national figure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116263", "title": "'Fresh kala-azar case detected in Patna'", "text": "PATNA: State BJP chief Dr C P Thakur on Saturday sounded a kala-azar alert both for the people of Patna and the state government saying a kala-azar case has been reported from Jakkanpur locality here.Dr Thakur, who is an eminent physician and kala-azar expert, said it was for the first time after a gap of about 15 years that such a kala-azar case has been reported from a locality in Patna. \"Earlier, cases of kala-azar were reported from the interiors of Patna district while localities falling under the Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) had remained largely free and insulated from the disease,\" Dr Thakur said, adding: \"Now, Patna is definitely a matter of concern for the health department.\"Otherwise, the number of patients falling prey to kala-azar in the state has been showing increasing trend for the last two years, as it was 23,084 in 2010 and 25,178 in 2011.In recent years, the lowest figure of kala-azar patients in the state was recorded at 21,318 in 2009. This was considered remarkable, as two years prior to that, the figure had been as high as 29,711 in 2006 and 37,822 patients next year, Dr Thakur, who is also a Rajya Sabha member, said. He added that the figure fell to 29,084 in 2008.\"The overall situation, however, is not sanguine,\" Dr Thakur said adding that the state government, in fact, should form a revolving fund to be spent on the treatment of patients. He also said the Centre should be approached to reimburse the money spent on the treatment of patients.Dr Thakur said he had discussed the matter with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the presence of Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad . According to him, the PM was appreciative about the concern for the treatment of kala-azar patients, as the cut-off date for the eradication of kala-azar had been extended to 2015.The biggest concentration of kala-azar patients was found in Tamil Nadu and Odisha, but the governments in these two states had successfully eradicated the disease in their states. Only Bihar is lagging behind on this front, Dr Thakur pointed out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114053", "title": "Adopt protected farming for more profits: Experts", "text": "NAGPUR: Protected cultivation could be a tool to help Vidarbha farmers earn a reasonably good profit and they should adopt it. This opinion was voiced by most speakers in the 'Opportunities in Agriculture' seminar organized by Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA) here on Friday. The seminar was organized to showcase the results of shadenet cultivation in various parts of Nagpur and Wardha districts and witnessed participation from farmers and technocrats from agriculture institutions and agencies.The National Research Centre for Citrus (NRCC) director VJ Shivankar in his presidential address stressed on the need of protected cultivation in the region to help farmers diversify from traditional agriculture but without losses. As of now, orange farmers in only Warud and Morshi districts are taking nursery as an additional activity. Growing nursery scientifically could prove to be successful business for farmers of the region.The countries demand for citrus saplings is up to 2 crore annually. But achieving this target has been a distant dream. It would be possible only if the farmers joined hands. However, he warned against any compromises on quality. Shivankar also called for more mechanization in agriculture, especially horticulture to involve industry on a large scale.Prafulla Kale, head of the farm structure department in Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) and former director of Vanamati, said 1800 farmers in Vidarbha had already switched to hi-tech protected agriculture. The state had various schemes for protected agriculture. One under the National Horticulture Mission (NHM) allowed 50% subsidy to a farmer using shadenet technology on a minimum of one-fourth of acre. He stated that a majority of farmers who opted for it were earning anything from Rs 70-90,000 annually.The divisional manager of Maharashtra State Agriculture Marketing Board A M Katkar, Prafulla Doshi, the VIA president, V Tapadiya former VIA president, Akash Agrawal and Om Jijodia also spoke on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115652", "title": "Postman suspended for negligence", "text": "MADURAI: Action was initiated against a postman in Ramanathapuram for dereliction of duty.According to sources, the postman, Ramanathan, refrained from delivering letters in four villages under his limits. The items included registered letters, ordinary letters and even money orders. People became perturbed when they did not get employment orders and interview cards. Pensioners under this postman's beat had not received their pensions. When they confronted him, he told them there were no letters. for their village.A few days ago, villagers in Kuyavankudi had been clearing shrubs near a tank when they came across a dump of unopened letters. Village president Ladasamy then lodged a plaint against Ramanathan with superintendent Soman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124830", "title": "Meet to review local body poll preparations", "text": "VARANASI: In view of the proposed local body elections in municipal areas, state election commissioner SK Agrawal will review the preparations in Varanasi and Mirzapur divisions during a meeting here on Monday.According to deputy director information office, during pre-lunch session Agrawal will review the election-related preparations including elector roll and others prepared in all the districts. Apart from the divisional commissioner of Varanasi and Mirzapur divisions the district magistrates and deputy district election officers (local body) would attend this meeting.It will be followed by another meeting with the IG Zone, DIGs of Varanasi and Mirzapur ranges, DMs, SSPs and SPs of all the districts of two ranges in afternoon to review the preparations for maintaining law and order for free and fair elections. Before leaving the city for Allahabad in the evening Agrawal will also hold a meeting with the representatives of political parties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13114996", "title": "Heat on cops for assaulting biker", "text": "THANE: A criminal offence is likely to be registered against four traffic constables from Bhiwandi for allegedly assaulting Kalyan resident Bilal Shaikh following an argument.TOI, in its May 2 edition ('Traffic cops beat up man at Bhiwandi for arguing') had reported about the alleged third-degree treatment meted out to Shaikh by traffic constable Kishore Shinde and his three colleagues- Pawar, Yadav and Kadu.The cops had caught Shaikh and his friend allegedly jump a signal at Ranjoli Naka and reportedly demanded Rs 200 to release him.An argument over the fine ensued, following which the cops allegedly assaulted Shaikh who had to undergo an expensive surgery to set right his dislocated arm.An official of the rank of an ACP conducted a preliminary probe and Shaikh's statement has been recorded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13114819", "title": "Robbery was motive behind murder in Velim, say police", "text": "MARGAO: Cuncolim police have said that the motive behind the murder of 65-year-old Linda Andrade, who was found dead in her house at Velim, was robbery and that the postmortem report has established that Andrade was murdered on Friday.\"The postmortem report from the Goa Medical College (GMC) and hospital, Bambolim, has certified that the deceased died as a result of \"ligature strangulation\" which confirms that it is a murder case,\" said DySP Mohan Naik on Saturday. When asked to define ligature strangulation, Naik said that it meant \"strangulation without suspension using some form of a cord-like object\".Naik said that they are not ruling out the possibility of a scuffle between Andrade and the accused. \"Gold ornaments were stolen and that is the motive behind the murder. The progress of the investigation is very much on track as we are recording statements of witnesses and interrogating suspects,\" said Naik. Police sources said they have reason to believe that Linda was strangulated with the help of a table fan cord. When asked if they had narrowed down on any suspects, Naik said that they have identified one suspect, but was quick to add that that they were looking at all the angles and gathering more evidence.Andrade was found dead in her house at Zaino-Velim on Friday evening under mysterious circumstances. Both her legs were tied with a piece of cloth and a nylon rope was found next to her body. Gold ornaments from the cupboard were also missing . The police are yet to assess the value of the stolen goods. Cuncolim police registered a case of murder and theft against unknown persons and said that the incident had occurred between 3 and 5pm when Linda's husband Cajetan and grandson had gone to Navelim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115048", "title": "Techie's death: Brother-in-law alleges murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty days after a software engineer died after falling from a building in Laxmi Nagar, the area DCP has asked the Mandawali police to look into allegations of foul play made by his family. Dismissing cops' theory of suicide, the engineer's brother-in-law has alleged that the youth was murdered.The development comes after the postmortem report of the deceased, Saurav Agarwal (26), made some interesting revelations. The report states that \"the possibility of a knock-down cannot be ruled out. However, the chemical analysis report of the viscera is awaited.\" The report also says that all injuries received by Saurav were ante-mortem (received before death) in nature.Saurav's brother-in-law Rajesh Aggarwal, a deputy collector in Orissa, has been steadily pursuing the case since the engineer's death on March 25. This is the collector's third trip to Delhi. Alleging that Saurav was a victim of murder, Rajesh claims that at least 20 anomalies in the case have been overlooked by the investigating officer. Initially, the local police had registered a case of suicide and started inquest proceedings.Saurav came to Delhi about a year ago and moved in with his girlfriend, said Aggarwal.\"The girl told cops that she was downstairs when Saurav allegedly jumped off the building. But instead of seeking help from neighbours she called an office colleague who would take 30 minutes to reach the area. What's more absurd is that when police personnel reached the spot, the girl and her colleague were missing. They had to be telephoned,\" said a skeptical Rajesh in his petition to the DCP. A copy of it is with TOI.Pressing for investigation into the girl's role, Aggarwal said, \"She has alleged that Saurav had beaten her up before the incident. Then why did she refuse to undergo a medical test\".DCP (east) Prabhakar said a thorough probe has been ordered into the incident. \"I have asked the local police to examine each allegation before dismissing it. If we find any anomalies in our findings we will register a murder case,\" said Prabhakar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13124928", "title": "Difficulties in getting information discussed at RTI workshop", "text": "SURAT: People from various parts of the state took part in a workshop on RTI organized in the city by RTI Activist Association on Sunday. Participants were informed about RTI Act and the common hurdles that come in one's way while collecting information under the act from public institutions. Participants facing trouble in getting specific information from government departments discussed their problems and sought guidance at the workshop.Mahesh Kothari of Manav Kalyan Trust, Navsari, a city-based RTI activist Dipak Patel and Kishore Desai were present at the workshop that was held at I G Desai School, Bhatar.\"It is our first workshop and we will be organizing a few more in the near future. We expect more people to take advantage of RTI Act,\" Dipak Patel said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115864", "title": "India's forex reserves fall by $2.187bn", "text": "MUMBAI: India's foreign exchange (forex) reserves declined by $2.187 billion to $293.17 billion for the week ended May 4, official data showed. Forex reserves had risen by $758.3 million to $295.36 billion during the previous week.Foreign currency assets, the biggest component of the forex reserves kitty, fell by $1.76 million to $259.18 billion during the week under review, according to the weekly statistical supplement of the Reserve Bank of India (RBI), the country's central bank.The RBI did not provide any reasons for the fall, but heavy selling in Rupee has had an effect on the decline.The foreign currency assets expressed in US dollar terms include the effect of appreciation or depreciation of non-US currencies such as pound sterling, euro and yen held in reserve, the RBI said.The value of special drawing rights (SDRs) was down by $10 million to $4.46 billion and reserves with the International Monetary Fund (IMF) fell by $6.6 million to $2.90 billion.However, gold reserves too slid by $405.2 million at $26.61 billion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114976", "title": "'Ajnara has not scrapped Noida Extension project'", "text": "In response to a TOI report, 'Ajnara first to scrap project in Noida Extn', Ajnara India Ltd has stated that the project, 'Le Garden' has not been scrapped and is very much in process.\"It is a safe and secure project. Once the issue at Noida Extension is resolved by the Supreme Court and the state government, Ajnara India would complete the project as per the promises made to its customers,\" said a statement issued by Vineet K Gupta, director, Ajnara India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13125494", "title": "V S Achuthanandan's expulsion unlikely", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The latest challenge from V S Achuthanandan will be dealt with the same ease by the CPM central leadership, as it has handled similar situations earlier. Sources close to the central leadership of the party said chances of VS being expelled from the party over this controversy are very bleak.\"It surely is a serious breach of discipline. But, we can't take a decision based on just the press conference. The circumstances of the press conference also need to be examined,\" said a source. It is learnt that the Central Committee will have to consider the arguments of VS while discussing the issue, as he had raised some valid ideological points in the press meet.VS, who carefully presented the case on Saturday, criticized the CPM state secretary for not trying to keep the party united and behaving like an autocrat. Another point he raised was that the line of the CPM was not decided by the secretary alone.\"Both points can't be ignored as it was the decision of the Central Committee to try to bring back dissidents wherever possible. Since the party follows the principle of collective functioning and individual responsibility, VS's version on party line also can't be refuted,\" said a CPM leader.Sources said the state leadership of the party would demand the expulsion of VS based on Saturday's press conference.The appeal of Pinarayi Vijayan to party leaders not to react to VS's statements is the first step towards this, as the official leadership wants to ensure that VS is the only leader who has violated party discipline. When this request comes up for debate in the Central Committee, a section of leaders who are still supporters of VS may raise counter arguments. \"This may dilute the punishment to a censure or demotion to a lower committee,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13114633", "title": "Chhau on verge of extinction in Keonjhar village", "text": "KEONJHAR: The age-old, traditional art of Chhau dance is on the verge of extinction in the 'Chhau grama' of Keonjhar district in the face of government apathy and lack of support and patronage. Hundreds of Chhau artistes of Asanpat village, popularly known as Chhau grama, are in dire straits, with many ditching the vocation to look for other sources of livelihood and sustenance.Each of the six wards in the village, situated in Jhumpura block, about 65 kms from here, has a culture group or association. Known as Laxmi Narayan Chhau Natya Sangha, Siba Tandab Natya Sangha, Kedargouri Natya Sangha, Haraparvati Natya Sangha and Durgati Nasini Natya Sangha, each association consists of over 20 members. Every ward boasts of a stage called 'Natya Pandal', where they stage a Chhau play every year on April 14 during the Chaita festival, signaling the onset of spring with the worship of the village deity 'Maa Basuli'.But due to lack of maintenance the historical stages are in a dilapidated state. \"We do not have money to repair the stages. If the district administration or the culture department takes an initiative they can be restored,\" said Biranchi Nayak, a Chhau artiste.\"Due to lack of financial support the artists are not able to continue their stage shows like before. They cannot even procure good colours for painting or buy musical instruments. Besides, they have not been getting opportunities to stage plays in various government and non-government functions. Hence the artistes are forced to perform in processions welcoming dignitaries and to cut down on quality,\" said Surendra Barik, a social activist in the area.\"Many have left the art and the few remaining artistes are leading a miserable life. Some are engaged in various cultivation works or mines and industries for the upkeep of their families and are able to devote little time to the art,\" he added.\"The government should take steps for the uplift of the ancient Chhau dance and artistes. Else it will soon become extinct in the district. Many companies are earning crores of Rupees from mining and other industries in Keonjhar, but no one has extended support to preserve the art and craft of the region, especially the dying art of Chhau,\" said Debaraj Acharya, an art lover.District culture officer Sanjib Barik, however, said, \"We are taking steps to provide pension to old artistes. They could get financial assistance from the culture department. We will request companies to adopt the village and support the art. We are also involving them in Keonjhar festival.\"According to some historians, feudal rulers of yore had engaged a militia known as 'paikas' to maintain the security of the region. The martial Chhau dance is named after the various 'chhauni' or military camps run by these paikas.Sareikela-Kharsuan district of Jharkhand is said to be the place where Chhau originated. From there the dance form slowly spread to Odisha. Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj districts of the state are famous for the dance form.Unlike Chhau dancers of Sareikela in Jharkhand and Purulia in West Bengal , artistes in Keonjhar and Mayurbhanj do not use masks. Sometimes while performing the role of animals, artistes here wear masks but they mostly depict various characters by painting their face and hands and wearing elaborate costumes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13118847", "title": "My b(eautiful)est friend", "text": "Harvard , first semester. Maa arrived from a conference, suitcases and admirers in tow. Refusing abundant offers of hospitality, she shared (and immediately redecorated) the one-and-a-third rooms assigned to my two roommates and me.She stood in line every day in that noisy dormitory, to claim her three minutes in the shower. The bigger bath was opposite our room; the smaller, down the hall. When she left after a week, I missed finding her hip-length hair in my comb, and turning every head in the 1000-strong Freshman Union when she swept into dinner with me, like the queen she has always been. When we hit mid-term exams, I was an incurable mess. I overslept, found the shower occupied and raced to the other bath in panic. As I stepped onto freezing tiles and fiddled with the grouchy knob that spurted cold water for red and boiling for blue, something miraculous caught my eye. A crimson dot of velvet on the narrow grey wall. Her well-travelled bindi, carefully placed beyond reach of the spray. In a flash, I could hear her laugh, smell her Maa-smell. The tension in my neck melted into the mist around me. That perfect circle of red gave evidence, on the mildewed wall, of her always being there. I could hear her voice calming me down - far away, so close. Decades ago in London , Maa was reading me a bedtime story. \"What are fairy wings made of ? Feathers? Butterfly wings?\" I interrupted. \"Well, there are all kinds of fairies,\" she replied, \"like there are all kinds of people.\" \"Do all fairies look like you?\" I persisted. \"I don't think so,\" she smiled, \"Fairies are very, very beautiful.\" \"But Maa, you're the most beautiful person in the world!\" I protested. \"Every little girl thinks that about their mother, Toompush,\" she laughed. Well, Maa, I've grown up a bit. My world has grown up a lot. I left home as a child, made beautiful friends who became my family. In my work, I've met many beautiful faces. I've fallen in love with beautiful minds. You've grown up too. More books published, many awards won. More world tours (some with me, when we disagreed on everything). A few more panic attacks about your stubborn daughters. Around your eyes, a few more lines celebrating years of full-throated joy.And we've fought. I've cried when you haven't understood. I've begged you not to nag. I've yelled at you when I was upset with another. I've watched, with panic, as tears welled up in your ever-adolescent eyes. But even if you had not been my mother, even if that most precious accident of birth had by rights been the beginning of someone else's story, even if I'd met you in any of your other roles - poet, teacher, humanitarian, painter, or even as a stranger on a train - you would be the most beautiful friend I'd ever have in my life. - Nandana is an international actor, writer, a child rights activist and cause ambassador for RAHI twitter@nandanadevsen", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114680", "title": "Five Jaipur students among top 10 in Class X commerce results", "text": "JAIPUR: Proving their worth, city students have bagged five slots in the top 10 positions at RBSE Class XII commerce exam, the result of which was announced on Saturday. Interestingly, a difference of only one mark played a crucial role in determining the consecutive ranks they bagged.Shubham Vijay of NK Public Sen Sec School in Murlipura, Jaipur, has bagged the fourth position with 92.80%. Son of an auditor in Khadi Gram Udyog, Vijay attributed his success to his father. \"I have been seeing my father how tirelessly he works for maintaining financial records of the government. I wish to be like him,\" Vijay said.Close to Vijay's score is Ayus Khandelwal who is short of just one mark for the fourth position and has to be happy with 92.60 per cent and was placed fifth. He too drew inspiration from his father, Santosh Khandelwal, who is a chartered accountant (CA). Khandelwal wants to follow the footsteps of his father by becoming a successful CA.Both the students' parents echoed that it's a 100% effort from their wards which paved the way for this grand success.The girls of Jaipur are this time a little behind boys this time. Aayushi Singhi of Maheswari Girls Sen Sec School in Jaipur scored 92.40 to secure the 6th position with one mark less than Khandelwal. Singhi regrets missing the two higher ranks above her by two marks.The seventh position was bagged by Meenal Agrawal also of Maheswari Girls Sen Sec School at 92.20 per cent with one mark less than Singhi. Agrawal said she wants to pursue CA and work for the empowerment of women. \"By being in the top 10 positions, we have showed that girls are no lesser than boys,\" an elated Agrawal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114889", "title": "Women protest against rising crime in Meerut", "text": "Angry over crimes against women in UP, women flooded Meerut SSP's office and offered him bangles. Recently, a woman had died in a chain snatching incident near the SP office. The incident has sparked off protests with women confronting cops over the deteriorating land-and-order situation. The protesters threatened to take to the streets if their complaints were not heeded. The woman, Anita Sharma, had died of brain haemorrhage after being pushed from a motorbike. She was riding pillion on her son's bike when she had a scuffle with chain snatchers. She died on way to hospital.\"The police are trying to hush up the case. We want strict action against the culprits,\" said the victim's husband. The family claims it is a case of snatching, while the police maintain it is an accident. They have lodged an FIR under Sections 304A, 392 and 279 of the IPC. Snatching cases are being reported almost daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13113752", "title": "Karnataka to pitch for Athirapally", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With Karnataka's Gundia power project - rejected by the Western Ghats ecology expert panel (WGEEP)- getting Union ministry of environment and forests' (MoEF) approval, the UDF government plans to push the controversial Athirapally power project that was rejected by MoEF and WGEP on environmental grounds.\"We are aware of the new development regarding the Gundia project in Karnataka. We want to take up the 163 MW Athirapally power project in the backdrop of increasing power demands in the state. However, the government wants evolve a consensus on the much-debated project before taking it up with the Union ministry,\" minister for power Aryadan Mohammed told TOI.State government had earlier intimated MoEF about its strong protest against WGEEP's findings on Athirapally project that got MoEF's environmental clearance in 1998, 2005 and 2007. The project had received even techno-economic clearance in 2005. However, MoEF in a show-cause notice dated January 4, 2010, asked the state government why the clearance accorded earlier to the project should not be revoked.Sources in the state power department say most of MoEF's observations - while giving sanction to Gundia project - are applicable to Athirapally project as well.KSEB top honchos are of the view that the environmental impact of this project would be minimal and the state cannot shut down such hydel projects.\"A consensus is crucial for Athirapally. There were valid reasons for an environment campaign against the Silent Valley project. But for Athirapally, there is no such reason. The area of forest land that would submerge due to this project is very minimal when one compares the amount of power generated,\" said KSEB chairman T M Manoharan. .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13114685", "title": "IPL teams can play abroad", "text": "CHENNAI: With CEO Sundar Raman requesting the BCCI to allow IPL teams to play outside India, foreign shores may open up for the franchisees. The board's working committee, after looking into the proposal, has decided that they can play in associate or non-Test playing nations for a maximum of three games. \"The Indian franchisees, though, won't be allowed to play against each other away from India,\" N Srinivasan, the BCCI president, said.Another BCCI official said the board wants to give IPL a global flavour. \"Many countries want to host IPL teams. This decision will allow the IPL brand to grow even more. The exclusive flavour will be retained as IPL teams are not playing against each other in these matches,\" he said.The BCCI also seems to have softened its stance on the participation of Indian players in the Sri Lankan Premier League (SLPL). \"Last year, we didn't allow Indian players because we believed that some private agency was behind the organisation of the tournament. We will look into their proposals of the Lankan board before taking a final call on whether or not to release Indian players,\" Srinivasan said.The BCCI has also decided to set up an Anti-Corruption Unit on the lines of the ICC's ACSU. It will be led by Ravi Sawani, who was in charge of the ICC unit till June 2011. \"We want to have a strict anti-corruption code for all matches played in India,\" Srinivasan said.The working committee also decided to set up a three-member committee led by secretary Sanjay Jagdale that will look into the proposals of the technical committee led by Sourav Ganguly and the decisions taken in the Ranji captains and coaches conclave.The technical committee has already shot down the proposal of hosting Ranji Trophy matches in neutral venues and now, the three-member committee, which also includes Anil Kumble, will take a final call on the issue.The board has also decided that around 160 domestic and international cricketers, who have retired before 2003-04, will be awarded cash bonanza as part of the BCCI's one-time benefit scheme from the IPL surplus money.\"From the surplus of IPL, BCCI will make a one-time benefit payment to cricketers who have retired before 2003-04 in recognition of their services to Indian cricket, in both international and domestic levels. Around 160 cricketers are eligible for this payment and the total payment is approximately Rs 70 crores,\" Srinivasan said.Cricketers who have played more than 100 Tests will get Rs 1.5 crore while those who have played between 75 and 99 will get Rs 1 crore. Those who have played between 50 and 74 Tests will get Rs 75 lakhs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114166", "title": "Teen stabbed to death over Rs 100", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A squabble over Rs 100 cost a teenager his life at Nemom on Saturday night. The teen was stabbed to death by a man after he reportedly demanded that the man return the money he had borrowed from him.The dead has been identified as Shahin Sha, 17, a native of Thirumala. Bashir, 44, the accused in the murder, is a resident of Lakshamveedu colony in Nemom. He is absconding.According to police, Shahin had given Bashir Rs 100 for buying petrol four days ago. Shahin was annoyed by the way Bashir kept giving excuses whenever he was reminded about the money.On Saturday, Shahin again asked for the money and Bashir picked up a fight. Some of the people who witnessed the fight intervened and offered Shahin the money Bashir owed him. However, Shahin insisted that he should get it back from the person who had taken the money from him.This infuriated Bashir and he tried to manhandle Shahin. The locals intervened and both were asked to go home.In a fit of rage, Bashir went his home, which is nearby, got hold of an iron spatula, followed Shahin and stabbed him.The locals heard Shahin screaming for help, and came rushing to his aid. He was taken to a private hospital where he died. His body was taken to the Medical College Hospital for post-mortem.Shahin's death has left the locals in Thirumala shell-shocked. They are perplexed by the triviality of the reason which had led to the murder of Shahin.\"He is never known to have got involved even in petty cases. There has to be some other reason behind his murder,\" one of the locals said. Shahin had completed plus two and was waiting to pursue higher studies.Police officials said their initial investigation had not revealed any other reason. ''As far as we know, it was a fight over Rs 100 that led to Shahin's murder. Police are also looking for other possible reasons. No more details can be shared till the main accused is arrested,'' said the investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon/chandigarh", "code": "13116458", "title": "Haryana may ask CBI to probe NE student\u2019s suicide", "text": "GURGAON/CHANDIGARH: Given the political significance of Dana Sangma's 'suicide', Haryana police may recommend a CBI probe into the case. \"Meghalaya CM Mukul Sangma has demanded a CBI inquiry. Haryana police have no objection if the state government thinks that a CBI investigation will help the case,\" said R S Dalal, DGP, Haryana.Dana, a 21-year-old management student at Amity University, Gurgaon, allegedly committed suicide on April 24. She was allegedly humiliated in an examination hall for cheating. Her uncle Mukul Sangma questioned the circumstances that led to Dana's death.\"We would forward our recommendation to the state home department on Monday after examining the case. Till then the state police would continue to investigate the case,\" Dalal said.Haryana chief secretary P K Chaudhery said, \"It may take one or two days before the final decision on whether there is a need for a CBI probe into the matter.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114734", "title": "Madarsas to be graded, 100 model ones to be upgraded", "text": "JAIPUR: The state Madarsa Board would grade the madarsas in the state and the first 100 model ones would be upgraded from middle-level to secondary. The announcement was made by chief minister Ashok Gehlot who was the chief guest at the foundation stone-laying ceremony of the new building for the State Madarsa Board on Saturday.Speaking on the occasion, Gehlot said that the government has made a provision of Rs 10 crore for modernisation of madarsas in the state in its budget. \"Madarsas should be more than a centre of religious training. They should have provision for learning languages apart from subjects like science and computer training,'' said Gehlot. He appreciated the madasa board's attempts to promote model madarsas and gave the example of one in Bikaner where young girls are imparted computer training.\"Almost three lakh students study in madarsas and developing model ones is the need of the day,'' he said.Gehlot emphasised on the need for training, knowledge and girl education and also talked about the various beneficiary schemes for minorities in the state.MP Mahesh Joshi promised a financial assistance of Rs 1 crore for the development of minorities. \"It is important for the minorities to attain training in various fields and become part of the mainstream development,'' said Joshi.The new building for the Madarsa Board is under-construction at the Shiksha Sankul premises. The chief minister also announced an additional funding of Rs 50 lakh for the expansion of the building in the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116150", "title": "Cyber sleuths hit babu firewall", "text": "NEW DELHI: Can government officials claim right to privacy if their emails have been hacked and security agencies ask for full access to the contents of the accounts?Efforts of Indian intelligence agencies to counter waves of cyber attacks on government networks have run into an iron wall. Although access to the compromised email accounts of officials is critical for investigations, officials are less than keen. The officials say that allowing the agencies to trawl contents of all their emails will breach their privacy: a position which is being supported by the National Informatics Centre (NIC), the custodian of all official electronic data.Faced with regular attacks on government's critical infrastructure, agencies are discussing how much detail regarding the e-mails can be made available to investigators as officials are chary about private mails being scrutinized.Sources said government found a clear pattern in cyber attacks targeting government computers, networks and other infrastructure. Almost all these attacks gain entry into a computer or a network via emails of officials. Almost all of them are official emails provided to them by the NIC.From phishing to acquire information such as usernames and passwords to planting Trojans that provide remote access to a user's computer and network, the attacks are consistent and widespread. Trojans can be used for downloading or uploading files from, or to, a system.Sources in the military and intelligence agencies say NIC - the official holder of official emails and websites - has been fending off bids to access hacked official emails. In case of such foreign cyber attacks, there are no police cases filed or any formal criminal investigation launched. Public email providers such as Google part with details of e-mails only when law enforcement agencies file formal cases and seek details.The government agencies want access as soon as attacks happen so as to track down the attack as well as to initiate preventive measures. The logs of the e-mail would tell them where all these e-mails have been accessed from, and other details. A military source said, besides accessing the logs of affected e-mails they were also keen to get contents of emails that may have been hacked. \"We would definitely like to know how much of information has been compromised,\" he said.\"What is there in the e-mail would tell us what has surely been lost,\" he added.A senior official said the government is now set to draw up a policy guideline on accessing logs and contents of official e-mails of government officials. \"We are primarily looking at the regular needs of intelligence agencies. They need quick access, but we have to ensure that there is no misuse,\" he said.The move comes at a time when the government is strengthening its overall posture against cyber attacks. A comprehensive policy is set to be approved by the Cabinet Committee on Security, detailing India's response to cyber attacks targeted at government systems and other critical infrastructure. Part of the strategy is to create dedicated Computer Emergency Response Teams for various sectors, setting up of National Critical Information Infrastructure Protection Centre etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114096", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation gives no information on RTI to its own official", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) routinely makes the common man run pillar to post. But, when the harassment extends to a top official of the NMC itself, it's a clear signal that all's not well in the body. Significantly, it was not a mere enquiry that resulted in the shoddy treatment but an effort to seek information under the RTI Act.The official in this case is Dr Milind Ganvir, the deputy director of health and also medical officer (sanitation). He wanted to know the status of the three mobile towers locate on top of the building in which he resides. But, in his RTI reply, the NMC wrote: \"Information may not be given\".\"The town planning department has the entire information about the mobile towers as it gives permission for their installation. Yet, I was given a strange reply,\" said Ganvir.Not getting an answer from the officials of the town planning department, Ganvir made an RTI application. Hitting a blank wall again, Ganvir went in appeal to deputy director (town planning) Vijay Goswami who is the appellate authority in the department for RTI applications-related issues.\"He was called by the department on May 8. Ganvir himself appeared for the hearing. Goswami directed the officials to provide him information citing that the applicant was entitled for it,\" sources in NMC told TOI.The information sought by Ganvir was neither complicated nor improper. As a senior officer of the the civic body, he could have been communicated it even orally. This is not the first occasion when RTI applicants have been stonewalled by the NMC.The town planning department is perhaps the most notorious among all at the NMC. Sources told TOI that the maximum complaints are against its officials. The office of the department is located in another building near the NMC's head office.Former corporator Ved Prakash Arya too has had some bad experiences. \"When I sought information on auto DCR system, the officials dilly-dallied and finally furnished half-baked information,\" he said. The incident took place when he was a corporator.Arya added that no one from the office cooperates with the citizens. \"Applicants seeking sanction of building plan are forced to flit from one place to another. Proper information is not provided under RTI too. Action should be taken against the officials for not following norms,\" he said.Goswami and Sanjay Nipane, the additional deputy commissioner of general administration, were not available for their comments despite many attempts to contact them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115539", "title": "Naseeruddin Shah may lend voice to Rajwada sound show", "text": "INDORE: The local administration's effort to rope in Amitabh Bachchan into lending his baritone voice to the proposed 40-minute sound and light show on Rajwada premises seems to be failing. Instead, divisional commissioner Prabhat Parashar said the local administration has decided to hire services of dynamic Naseeruddin Shah or lyricist writer Gulzar.\"Amitabh Bachchan is not available, therefore Naseeruddin Shah or Gulzar will do the voiceover for the sound and light show at Rajwada,\" Prashar said, adding that the main objective of the show would be to disseminate information on the rich cultural heritage of the Malwa region and contribution of Devi Ahilyabai Holkar towards the region. \"Rajawada is at the heart of the city and is an apt place for the first ever sound and light show on Holkars,\" he said.Such shows have already gained popularity in cities like Delhi, Hyderabad, Udaipur, Kolkata and Gwalior. \"Indore will be the next city to join the bandwagon,\" Parashar said.\"The fees for the shows will be nominal and the money would be spent on maintenance,\" he said.The show, which will take some eight months to start, has been funded by the Indore development Authority, while executing agency would be Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC).Director of MPSTDC M N Jamali said, \"The inspection of the place has been done with senior officials and we are preparing the plan.\" He said the corporation has received Rs 5 lakh to begin the work. Jamali elaborated that the event will also include the history of Indore. \"Discussions are being held on the number of shows, sitting arrangement and also the number of languages to be aired,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114581", "title": "Villagers unite to save boy with cancer", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A village in Bargarh district worked under the Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (MGNREGS) on Saturday to contribute wages for the treatment of a child afflicted with liver cancer. Over 500 residents of Sarkanda village, around 400 km from here, renovated a village pond for the treatment of Subham Khamari, a three-year-old boy of the village.\"We decided that at least one person from each family will work for a day for Subham. Representatives from more than 90% families came forward,\" said Saroj Barik, who was among those mobilising people towards the noble cause. Those who worked include 100 women.The village of 5,000 people comprises mainly farmers, small-time traders and landless labourers besides a handful of government servants.Though all those who worked don't carry job cards under the rural job guarantee scheme, after the government authorities review the work, wages will be deposited in the name of those who already have the cards. \"The same will then be donated for the treatment of the child,\" explained Laxmipriya Pradhan, the sarpanch. \"We hope we will generate around Rs 50,000 though the child immediately needs Rs 1 lakh,\" she added.The wage for one man-day, the work that one person is expected to do a day, is Rs 126. Besides, some of the residents who could not work have made voluntary donations for the cause.Subham's mother Droupadi, who also worked under the MGNREGS along with other family members to generate funds for her son, said Subham was diagnosed with the disease a few months ago at the VSS Medical College and Hospital, Burla. Then he was referred to Acharya Harihar Regional Cancer Centre in Cuttack. \"Doctors have advised a surgery for which around Rs 1 lakh is required. Doctors are saying he can be cured if we are able to sustain the treatment,\" she said.A doctor who attended to Subham in Cuttack said chances of him getting cured is very high if properly treated as the cancer is in its early stages. Subham's father Nihar Ranjan is a small-time farmer who recently sold his bullocks for his son's treatment. \"We came back from Cuttack last night after certain diagnostic tests and will again go there if we are able to arrange money for the surgery,\" said Nihar.For Sarkanda residents, such a move of extending a helping hand is not new. They had undertaken a similar initiative to generate money to help a blood cancer patient around four years ago. Though the patient did not live, this time villagers are optimistic that they will be able to save the child. \"If needed we will do similar work one more day,\" said Biswaranjan Sha, a villager. Another benefit of the villagers' work: renovation of the pond lying abandoned for around a decade will help people get an additional source of water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar road", "code": "13115341", "title": "\u2018Romeo\u2019 steals hearts with love notes for beau", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR ROAD: It made you feel good. It made you smile. It was like watching a romantic flick. Only this time, all those who passed Sarabha Nagar Road were in for a real life romance unfolding - a poster on a lamp post that said \"Someone up there loves u and someone down here cares for you. Have a Happy Bday! You may not want presents this year, but I can't lose this opportunity to give u my heart and say I love u.\"This was one PDA that offended no one. On the contrary, it had people gathering around it and became the chattering point. They talked about the \"deep love\" that the anonymous message writer may have felt and said how this should set an example for everyone in the city. The poster had arrows drawn on it, leading curious people to more such posters put up ahead.\"I love the way the person has expressed his true love. I wish to know who the person is. This is a unique way of expressing one's love. I wish someone expressed his love for me in the same way,\" said Saisha Arora, 19, a college student and resident of Dugri.Ankit Jindal, 20, an undergraduate student pursuing graduation and resident of Surya Vihar, said: \"I have never seen such madness in love. I have lot of respect for the person who has put this up.\"\"He seems to have won the hearts of almost everyone who has seen this,\" added Ankit, an undergraduate student from Surya Vihar. \"The messages on the posters took my heart away. It's certainly a unique way of expressing one's love. The emotions expressed have touched hearts of everyone,\" said Vaijayanti, 31, a home-maker and resident of Pratap Colony in Model Gram area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115459", "title": "Woman customs officer held on bribery charge", "text": "CHENNAI: A 38-year-old woman customs officer and three agents were arrested by CBI sleuths on Saturday on charges of bribery.While K Thenmozhi, a resident of Pattalam near Pulianthope, was arrested for accepting bribes to clear the stocks kept in the containers imported from abroad, agents Ambeth, Rajendran and Sekar were arrested for bribing her for clearing their consignments.Based on complaints, CBI officials said they conducted a surprise check at the SANCO Container Freight Station (CFS) in Tiruvottiyur. \"We recovered 27,500 in unaccounted money from Thenmozhi's possession. Subsequently, we inspected her office and at her residence,\" a CBI officer said.Several plastic goods, imported electronic equipment, consumer durables, air-refreshers, juicers, toys and other equipment were seized from her house, he said.\"CBI officials recovered 55,000, 4 lakh in fixed bank deposit certificates, documents for 8 lakh worth of land apart from 74 electronic goods. The seized valuables were dumped inside a room in her house,\" an official said.Officials said Thenmozhi was assigned to open and check containers imported from abroad and verify the consignments as per the bills. Customs house agents, assigned by the customs office, bring the bills as per the request of the importers and produce them before her, the officials said.Thenmozhi, who allegedly collected money to clear the consignments without verifying the contents, and the three customs house agents were later remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116008", "title": "Recognize housework, recognize homemaker", "text": "In a radical step, Goa will start paying Rs 1,000 to stay-at-home moms with an annual household income of below Rs 3 lakh. Will others follow suit?Rarely have homemakers found a place in India's policy. But an innovative scheme in Goa's budget introducing a grant for them, thereby officially acknowledging their invaluable contribution, could change all that.The scheme, likely to be rolled out by July, proposes to give Rs 1,000 per month to all homemakers with annual household income of below Rs 3 lakh, benefiting some 1.25 lakh families. \"Homemakers are finding it difficult to manage households in these times of inflation. This is meant to empower them,\" says an official of the women and child development ministry.Bicholim-based Nutan Sakalkar, a homemaker, is overjoyed at the prospect of getting some money of her own. \"We get scant respect in our society,\" she says. \"Working women are often absolved of household responsibilities, but no one gives a thought for the work we put in 24X7.\" She feels the grant will bring back her sense of independence. \"Though he never refuses, I feel guilty asking my husband for money.\"The role of homemakers has been a contentious issue since the '70s. Can their contribution be regarded as work? Does it warrant monetary compensation? While this is perhaps the first time a government scheme has directly targeted homemakers, the struggle to bring them true dignity is a long way off.\"The profits of society today are subsidized by the unpaid work of women all over the country. Not only do they form the care economy but they produce the workers of tomorrow,\" says economist Vibhuti Patel of Mumbai's SNDT Women's University. A grant, she believes, would merely help some of them move from starvation to subsistence. But what they should be given is a direct stake in their husbands' pay cheques, she feels.Madhu Kishwar, editor of women's journal 'Manushi' , too, doesn't believe doles can help empowerment. \"Why should the government pay homemakers? I would consider it an insult. Women are the gruha lakshmis and should be treated as equals and given the charge of household finances,\" she says.The struggle for gender equality is reflected in the National Family Health Survey III (2005-06 ). Not only are fewer women counted in the workforce as compared to men (some 43% of married women in the 15-49 age group were employed as compared to 99% men), but one in four didn't receive any payment as compared to 1 in 20 men.The crisis of dignity isn't restricted to India alone. In April, there was an outcry against Democratic strategist Hillary Rosen's comments on Republican candidate Mitt Romney's wife when she questioned the latter's status as an ambassador on women's issues because she had \"never worked a day in her life\" . Romney is a stay-at-home mum of five children. Rosen's comments went viral with many on Twitter protesting, forcing an apology from her. Even Michelle Obama tweeted, \"Every mother works hard, and every woman deserves to be respected.\"The Goa model is one among many social experiments underway globally. Venezuela recognizes housework as 'work' under its Constitution and pays homemakers 80% of minimum wages.Whether such initiatives will bring respect to housework waits to be seen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13114701", "title": "Reginaldo Lourenco hits out at CM on graft, secularism", "text": "MARGAO: Taking on chief minister Manohar Parrikar, Curtorim MLA Reginaldo Lourenco hit out at the BJP government and said that Parrikar had faltered on both zero-tolerance to corruption and practicing secularism.While addressing mediapersons on Saturday, Lourenco alleged that the delimitation of panchayat wards was a very dishonest act done by the government and further accused the government of 'discrimination against the Catholic community' by not appointing Dr Ruando De Sa as the director of health services.\"Parrikar should understand that these two shameful instances are a big blot on his government's so called model of zero-tolerance to corruption,\" said the two-time MLA.On the panchayat elections, Lourenco said, \"the whole delimitation exercise lacks transparency and it only benefits the ruling combination. Apart from the ruling party MLAs, none of the views of other stakeholders, including the opposition MLAs and the Church, were taken into consideration\".Lourenco further claimed that Parrikar had backtracked on his own statements made after winning the assembly elections, when he said that he was indebted to Goans especially the Catholics. \"How could the new government of Goa so soon forget its new found secular ideals and deny the much awaited promotion to an outstanding physician, Dr De Sa, the present medical superintendent and deputy director of Asilo Hospital, Mapusa,\" asked Lourenco.In a surprising virulent attack on the choice of the director of health services, Lourenco praised the work record of Dr De Sa who he added was the former medical superintendent and director of Hospicio hospital Margao.\"Is Dr De Sa being discriminated against because he belongs to the Catholic community? asked Lourenco. The Curtorim MLA further claimed the government was against the appointment of Dr De Sa as the government felt there was no much use in the appointment, as Dr De Sa was due to retire in three months time.Lourenco demanded that justice had to be done to Dr De Sa who he said had the right to the post based on seniority and that Dr De Sa deserved to retire with dignity and respect.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13114610", "title": "Brahmin sperm in high demand among childless couples", "text": "MUMBAI: Dr Aniruddh Malpani, an infertility expert in Mumbai, often invokes playwright George Bernard Shaw's conversation with French actress Sarah Bernhardt when inundated with elitist requests from couples seeking sperm donors. \"Just think Monsieur... a child with my looks and your brains!\" Bernhardt is said to have told Shaw. To which he had famously quipped, \"But Madam, what if he is born with my looks and your brains?\"In India, it's well known that couples shopping for sperm demand both looks and brains. What isn't so well known, despite being fairly commonplace, is a more outrageous request: caste-based sperm. Three years ago, Dr Saurav Kumar, a Patna gynaecologist, created a furore when he told a newspaper that childless couples insisted on knowing the caste of sperm donors. But while one may be tempted to assume that caste biases are entrenched only in states like Bihar , the city's infertility experts insist otherwise.Dilip Patil, founding president of Trivector, an infertility solutions firm, says there is a definite preference for Brahim donors in Mumbai. \"Even among Muslims, couples want to know whether the donor is Sunni or Shiite,\" he says. \"However, going by Indian Council of Medical Research guidelines, we reveal only the religion of the donor, not the caste.\"Patil, who dismisses requests about caste as \"byproducts of the Indian mindset\", happily obliged varying queries about educational and professional backgrounds, extra-curricular preferences and linguistic skills until a woman perched on stilettos tick-tocked into his clinic with a bizarre request a few months ago. \"A Page 3 personality walked in with a strange chart in her hand. There was a list of Bollwyood actors such as John Abraham and Emraan Hashmi and each of them was graded as A+, A, B+ and so on. She asked my staff if there were donors in these graded categories and insisted that she was ready to pay anything. We told her that we could not accept such demands; this was not a clinic for designer babies,\" says Patil, who was on the medical research team for the recent film on sperm donation called Vicky Donor.Perhaps the designer baby syndrome is inspired in elite sperm shoppers by what happens abroad, where, says Dr Malpani, couples have the option of going through a whole \"shopping catalogue\" with details of various sperm donors. In India, however, the donor remains anonymous. All that couples are told is that it is \"a young, healthy and fertile physical match\". Yet, they persist. \"They want to match the primary characteristics such as height, skin and colour with their husband. Mostly, they want someone who is taller and a shade fairer than their husband,\" says Malpani, who points out that this may be a \"very consumeristic\" approach.While most couples are concerned about medical history of the donor (Patil's clinic produces the medical history of three generations of the donor's family), skin colour is another priority. \"Certain communities prefer a fair-skinned donor,\" says Dr Pai, adding that couples want them to find the closest skin, hair and eye colour match. During his fellowship in a semen bank in Australia around ten years ago, he had observed that they would bear the race of the donor in mind as the physical characteristics could differ depending on this. Similarly, in India, where the physical features of people from the North-East may differ from other regions, \"we have to isolate donors based on these considerations\", he says.While in a majority of cases, it is the gynaecologists who contact sperm banks and request for semen samples based on the client's height, skin and hair colour preferences, some high-flying couples, especially NRIs, visit the sperm bank personally in their desperation. Infertility specialist Dr Arun Patil, partner at Medilabs, a leading sperm bank, says that around ten per cent of his clients, who come from a higher socio-economic strata, are curious about the donor's background. Among these are people who ask for \"the name of the college the donor went to\" and tend to favour prestigious institutions such as IIT and IIM. Then there are also those who leave their photograph at the sperm bank so that the doctor can find the closest match.In 2008, when Dilip Patil tried to popularise the concept of sperm donation in India through an awareness booth at IIT's annual Mood Indigo festival, it was, he says, \"an anti-climax\". \"The students were so shy that they changed their lanes while passing by the stall,\" he says. Patil, whose real-life anecdotes about convincing people to donate sperm made it to Vicky Donor, says that he used references about sperm donation in ancient mythology, props and money (Rs 500 per sample) to convert donors.The success of the film, says Patil, has vindicated Mumbai's community of sperm donors. One indication is in the increasing number of walk-in donations. \"We had a 43-year-old father who was keen to donate his sperm. We told him he was too old to be a donor,\" says Patil, \"so he sent his son the next day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114288", "title": "Bahurupiya case: Additional DGP Sridevi Goel begins probe", "text": "NAGPUR: Additional DGP Sridevi Goel of State Reserve Police Force has been asked by the state DGP K Subrahmanyam to conduct a probe into the Bahurupiya lynching incident which took place in Kalamna on Wednesday. Three innocent men were killed by ruthless mob which presumed that they were molesters and thieves in disguise.Goel, a 1977-batch IPS officer, arrived here on Saturday morning and has been camping at the police gymkhana. Though the buzz is that the probe was initiated at the instance of the state home minister RR Patil, Goel maintained that she was sent by Subrahmanyam. She will be visiting the spot and Kalamna police station on Sunday.\"I am here to find out the truth behind the incident and to figure out how such situations can be avoided,\" said Goel who had been posted to the city as DCP many years ago.Three of the four sari-clad Bahurupiyas were killed. The fourth had a miraculous escape as cops stopped the murderous mob from reaching him. Though the police reached within seven minutes of being informed, they were soon outnumbered by the huge mob which dragged the three victims out of the police van before lynching them.Goel spent the first day of her probe perusing the documents related to the offence and recording the statements of the personnel who were either present at the spot or at the Kalamna police station. Apart from the senior officials, around 20 constables too furnished their versions of the incident.TOI learns that Goel made detailed inquiries of the incident from constables and officials. \"She is probing if lives could have been saved,\" said a police source.\"When there is a system and mechanism in place, the public should not have taken the law into their hands, especially as the incident stemmed from rumours,\" she said.After 25 arrests on Thursday, Kalamna police took two more into custody. A senior officer maintained that around 15 more people were summoned to the police station but were released after verification. The police are taking help of video-clipping from mobile phones to identify the culprits.The Bahurupiyas were from the Buldhana-based Nath Yogi community. Its members also met Goel and have urged her to ensure a fair enquiry and strict punishment for the culprits.Several social groups have demanded a high-level probe into the incident. BJP MLA Krishna Khopde expressed his displeasure on the police highhandedness.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119588", "title": "Imtiaz Ali promotes Dekh Indian Circus", "text": "Imtiaz Ali promotes the film, which he has neither written nor directed or producedIn this age of cut-throat competition, big egos and bigger rivalries, it is heartwarming to see one creative mind support another in pursuit of artistic brilliance. Imtiaz Ali has found a new passion project: Not a film that he has written or directed, but one that he has fallen in love with so much that he is presenting the film. The film is called Dekh Indian Circus , and is the second film of National award winning director Mangesh Hadawale, who won universal acclaim for his debut Tingya .Dekh Indian Circus too has already wowed critics and audiences. Variety, the trade bible of Hollywood, gave the film a rave review saying \"\"punctuated by four zippy musical sequences, Dekh Indian Circus never allows gritty realism to become grinding miserabilism.\"\" Audiences at the Busan International Film Festival agreed, awarding this charming tale of a mother taking her children to the circus its Best Picture Award. No wonder that Imtiaz cannot stop talking about the film: \"\"I was exhilarated to watch Dekh Indian C i rcus . It was such a colourful way to represent the circus that the dynamics of an Indian village is. The film has a very well meaning heart and a brilliant and entertaining body. I am very impressed with Mangesh Hadawale's work. I am thrilled to help reach this film out to people in the country and abroad. I am sure the film will win many hearts.\"\"Said Mangesh Hadawale, \"\"I was blessed to find such great performances, not just from Nawaz and Tannistha, but the non-actors from the village where we shot. And we were very lucky to find a producer who believes in the film wholeheartedly. My philosophy is that truth is beautiful. To capture the beauty of truth, you don't need creativity as much as you need honesty and courage. I believe that Dekh Indian Circus captures some truth in a light-hearted way and it is this truth that the audiences world-over are connecting to'.\"\"Mahaveer Jain, Producer &amp; Spokesperson, Sundial, added that he could not think of a more touching film to get into the production business with. Said Jain,\"We cannot thank people enough like Shankar Ehsaan Loy who have done the brilliant music for the film and Prasoon Joshi who has written the beautiful lyrics for it.\" Along with Mahaveer Jain, the Film is produced by Anil Lad and Chirag Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114075", "title": "Management says Alok was not locked up", "text": "BANGALORE: From the staff room of his college, engineering student Alok Ranjan called police, asking to be rescued. Vijipura police arrived around 2pm, and took him to the station. They let him off with a warning.But the college management denied they had locked up Alok. \"We did keep him in the staff room because he was creating a ruckus on campus, and had also assaulted two students. As the VTU vice-chancellor was visiting the college on Friday, we did not want any problems, so we kept him in the staff room but did not lock the room. We later handed him over to police,\" a senior faculty who requested anonymity told STOI.According to his friends, late on Friday evening, Alok began texting the girl. Later, he called her a number of times, but she ignored his calls. He then texted her saying, \"If you don't call me in 10 minutes, I will kill myself.\"At 10am on Saturday, his body was found on the railway track.Unanswered questionsVijipura and Chikkaballapur police deny they picked Alok up from college. Where was he after he roughed up his ex-girlfriend and the senior?He was very disturbed. Was it a suicide or an accidental death?After leaving the campus, he is said to have called his friends seeking help, and asked them to save him. He said he was locked up somewhere and could hear trains passing by. Where exactly was he?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114099", "title": "Law beckons 25,769 aspirants", "text": "BANGALORE: Aspiring legal eagles will take the Common Law Entrance Test (CLAT) on Sunday. As many as 25,769 students will appear for the test that holds key to the 14 prestigious law schools in the country.The test will be conducted in 20 cities across 46 centres. The number of students taking the exam has gone up by over 1,500 in a year's time. However, the number of candidates from Karnataka has dipped. While there were 1,068 applications last year, the number dropped to 916 this year. National Law School of India University is the only centre in Bangalore.Delhi has recorded the highest number of aspirants with 6,113 set to take the test in 10 centres. Lucknow has 3,533 applicants, Jaipur 1,827, Kolkata 1,485, Patna 1,369 and Chandigarh 1,222. Mumbai relatively has less number of aspirants - 754.This time the test is being coordinated by National Law University, Jodhpur. The scramble is for 1,702 undergraduate seats available.The two-hour exam will consist of English, general knowledge, elementary mathematics, legal aptitude and logical reasoning. It will have both multiple choice question and 10 short answer questions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114713", "title": "Caranzalem man cheated of Rs 11,000", "text": "Ramesh Naik from Caranzalem was cheated of Rs 11,000 by a person who approached him outside a bank in the city to help him identify soiled notes from the money he had just withdrawn from the bank. Panaji police said that Naik was coming out from the bank after withdrawing Rs 40,000 -- 80 notes of Rs 500 each - on Saturday morning when a person approached him and said that there are some soiled notes, and that he would help sort them out. Naik accepted the offer. However, when he returned home, he found that 22 notes of Rs 500 were missing and that he was cheated of Rs 11,000.Motorcyclist hurt in Ponda crash: A motorcyclist was injured when his two-wheeler dashed against a permanent road divider at Mangeshi in Ponda on Saturday evening. The victim has been admitted to GMC for treatment. However, his name and details were not known, Ponda police said.TOI's workshops on 'Creating Positivity Within': The Times of India, Goa, recently organized a series of training workshops entitled 'Creating Positivity Within' for the students and teachers of Jawahar Navodaya Vidyalaya, Canacona, a fully residential, central government co-educational secondary institution affiliated to CBSE. The 'Creating Positivity Within' workshops, based on the internationally acclaimed behavioral frameworks of Positive Psychology &amp; Neuro Linguistic Programming (NLP) aimed to provide students with practical strategies to increase one's confidence and self-motivation levels and to share simple techniques with teachers to enhance their happiness and job satisfaction levels and improve team bonding. S Kannan, the principal of the institution, introduced the faculty - Amey Hegde, a corporate behavioral trainer, motivational speaker, management consultant and internationally published author. Hegde engaged the participants by using an amalgamation of training delivery techniques such as group discussions, experiential learning, use of stories and anecdotes, guided introspection, and other effective and innovative methods of learning. He also presented relevant clippings from popular Hindi movies to drive home the importance of developing an 'Attitude of Gratitude' and of focusing on one's goal.Vazrikar is director of official languages:Associate professor in Konkani at Government college of Arts, Science and Commerce, Khandola, and Konkani writer Prakash Vazrikar has been appointed director of official languages department. As per the order, Vazrikar will officiate as head of the department in addition to his own duties in the college. He took charge of office in Junta House, Panaji, on Friday.Tribes of Goa demand 12% reservation: The tribes of Goa has demanded that the government reserve 12% of the total of 189 posts for sarpanchas by withdrawing the present notification on reservation. In a press note, Guru Shirodkar, a spokesman of Tribes of Goa condemned the state government for not implementing the mandate of the Article 243D of the Constitution of India by reserving a percentage of the seats in each panchayat, as per the proportion of ST population. A reservation of 12% for sarpanchas of ST community is in order as the state's ST population is 12% and out of 23 chairpersons, one-third has to be reserved for ST women.Don Bosco night school: Don Bosco Night High School and Don Bosco Night Higher Secondary School in Panaji conduct regular night classes from Class VIII to Class X and from Class XI to Class XII in the Arts and Commerce stream. The classes commence at 6pm and end at 8.30pm. The facility is for male working students and school drop outs with age no bar.Prospectus available for BSc nursing course: The prospectus for BSc nursing course for the year 2012-13 will be made available at the office of the principal, Institute of Nursing Education, near Holy Cross Shrine, Bambolim, from May 14 during office hours (10am to 4pm). The last date for submission of complete application forms along with testimonials is June 4 by 4pm. The course is open for both females and males who have completed XII Science. The cost of the prospectus is Rs 150. The academic session begins on June 18.POWER SHUTDOWNValpoi (May 13): Between 9am and 5pm. Areas to be affected - Valpoi municipal council, Mauxi, Nagargao, Saverdem, Bhirondem, Khotodem, Pissurlem, Honda and Dabose water treatment plant.Tivim (May 13): Between 9am and 3pm. Areas to be affected - Tivim industrial estate, Manguirish colony, Volvonem and vicinity.Alto Nagali (May 14): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected - Bernardo, La Citadel Colony, Ravi Raj Colony, Oiteant, Mudhit Gupta Complex and vicinity.Altinho-Panaji (May 14): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected - GRP Quarters, C Type, A Type govt quarters, Goa College of Art, T B Cunha Educational Institute, Ganesh temple and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115054", "title": "Unravelled: The secrets of Delhi pickpockets", "text": "NEW DELHI: The crowded desi liquor stores were the preferred workstations for Mohan Kumar and his colleagues. In the evening, when men smelling of sweat and grime would holler at the counter, the gang would spring into action. The thekbaaz, or assistant who creates distraction, would shove a potential customer from the back. In the split second when he turned around, his wallet or mobile phone would disappear from his pocket.The phone would be disposed off in an hour or two to a shopkeeper in Old Delhi. It didn't manner that the stolen goods trader paid them a fraction of its real price. \"Whatever we made, we spent it on kebabs and drinks,\" he says.Life was a rollercoaster ride for Mohan those days. Often the gang would gather at a phool (pick-pocket slang for a meeting at a pre-decided venue) and then leave for Uttam Nagar or any other business-friendly area. They would always stash a blade in their mouth. If caught, one of them would create a scene, even slashing himself to scare the crowd, and escape in the consequent melee. \"We never operated near our homes. At the place where we lived, our records were always clean,\" he says.Short, wiry and reasonably articulate, Mohan is the sort who hardly invites a second glance. But pickpockets -- pocketmaars in local lingo -- come in all shapes and sizes. Another wallet-lifter standing next to Mohan is dressed in a worn-out jeans and a beat-up eggplant-coloured T-shirt that screams, Rock and roll rebel. In his flashy earrings, Noshu Nayak almost seems to be drawing attention to himself. And speaking with him, you realise that he is incapable of saying anything straight.Both Mohan and Noshu claim to have quit the profession now. A thekbaaz to begin with, Mohan had graduated to a machine, the master pickpocket of a gang. But, as he himself admits, he was far from what is almost reverentially called an ustaad, an artful dodger -- an artist of crime with fingers so nimble you would gasp in awe of his art.Good wallet-lifters are egoists; they pride in their trade. The best have self-inflicted blade marks on their forearms: a sort of status symbol, says a cop. Some years ago Kamaljeet alias Daboo lorded over the world of pickpockets in the Capital. It is said he could, and often would, filch a wallet, empty it and put it back in the victim's pocket. His gang operated mainly in buses around the Dhaula Kuan area. A man with three wives and a mistress, he is known to have donated a share of his earnings to a Balaji temple in Rajasthan.Sources say pickpocketing is a painstakingly acquired craft. In another era, rookies were trained to nick wallets by putting two fingers into a narrow-necked vessel smeared with ink. The interns were expected to insert their fingers in and out without touching the vessel's neck. Nowadays, Mohan says, newcomers are first taken on reccee. They observe and assist the machines at work. For TOI photographer's benefit, he demonstrates a few tricks of the trade. He looks elsewhere as his hands filch a mobile phone from an unsuspecting pocket. \"A machine is the leader of the gang and protected by the rest. When a machine is in danger of getting caught, he must be rescued by the thekbaj,\" says Noshu. A machine generally fileches he booty and passes it on to the nearest thekbaz. He performs the task while the thekbaz whisks the booty away.Pickpocketing is essentially teamwork; though, solo artists too exist. Pickpockets, both males and females, operate in crowded metros, city buses, railway stations, bus terminals and daily markets. On May 3, eight women purse-snatchers were arrested from Kashmiri Gate metro station in north Delhi.Summer is the pickpockets' high season; winter is said to be bad for business because people often walk with hands in trousers. Pickpockets filch wallets, ATM cards, credit cards -- everything a pocket holds. A senior cop says they have the predatory instincts of a tiger. \"Their work schedule depends on the area. For instance, every morning pickpockets eagerly wait for the daily small traders in Old Delhi and Ajmeri Gate railway stations. They also operate in the narrow bylanes of the Sadar Bazaar crockery market,\" says a cop.Between Jan 1, 2011 and 30th April, 2012, 1,004 cases of pick-pocketing were reported in the capital, police statistics show. Of them, 714 cases were worked out and 958 cases persons arrested. Overall, there is about 7% decline in cases of pickpocketing between 2009 and 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114806", "title": "Non Motorized Zone in Panaji", "text": "Panaji is going to witness a unique citizen's initiative called NoMoZo ( Non Motorized Zone), which will make its debut on Sunday between 9am to 12pm on a stretch of road between Kala Academy and 2 Signal Training Centre. Ideated by 'Aamchi Panaji' and Corporation of the City of Panaji, NoMoZo will allow people to move freely, decrease vehicular congestion, lower pollution caused by emissions, improve health and sustain urban mobility. The Sunday Evening Quiz Club will have a quiz session, Book Worm Children's Library will conduct a treasure hunt, book reading session and an interesting art session with Harshada Kerkar. All these activities have been planned on the side lanes parallel to the main thoroughfare which will be exclusively used by pedestrians, cyclists and rollerskaters. To experience a car free street, simply walk or cycle to the Kala Academy Junction on DB Marg. For residents or visitors from the outskirts of the city or outside, you could park at the Parade Grounds, Kala Academy parking lot or the Betim Ferry Point. Citizen volunteers and supporters of this initiative will be working as a team with the Traffic Cell, Panaji, to help diversions in traffic between 2 Signal Training junction and the Kala Academy junction.Feast of Our Lady of Angustias at Siolim today: The feast of Our Lady of Angustias will be celebrated on May 13 at Portavaddo, Siolim. The feast Mass will be celebrated at 10am. Fr Kyriel D'Souza, sfx, will be the main celebrant. A band led by maestro Romeo Fernandes from St Cruz will be in attendance. 'Konnuch Noko', a tiatr Jack Rodson, will be staged on the occasion at 6.30pm.Art of living course: The 'Art of Living' course founded by Sri Sri Ravi Shankar will be held at Vidhyaprabodini higher secondary school, Porvorim, from May 15 to May 20 from 6.45pm to 9.15pm. This course will be useful to all people who will attend it because this course contains special breathing techniques 'Sudarshan Kriya' which will make minds stress free and remove bio-toxins from the body. It will also contain 'pranayama', 'meditation' and simple yoga techniques. This course will help to get relief from diabetes, asthma ,reduction of cholesterol, removal of depression and attain higher immunity level. Those interested may contact Ph: 9422576057 or 2411383.Balotsav 2012 at Panaji: The annual 'Balostav', a cultural panorama of Bal Bhavan, Goa, will be held at the Dinanath Mangueshkar auditorium Kala Academy, Campal, on May 17 at 2.45pm. This 'Balotsav' is being organized in joint collaboration with the directorate of art and culture and Kala Academy. More than 700 children from 34 Bal Bhavan Kendras from Goa will be presenting culture programmes of dances and music. An exhibition of art, craft and clay items will be exhibited at Kala Academy's foyer area on May 17 and 18. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar will be chief guest and Vishnu Surya Wagh, chairman of Kala Academy, will be guest of honour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13115974", "title": "Is Linux ready for your PC?", "text": "In the battle of the desktop operating systems (OS), there are only three dominant players left - Windows, Mac and Linux. At some point, Windows was cast as the platform for the common man, Mac as the one for the artist, and Linux as the geek's playground.Linux found favour in powering servers, supercomputers, large businesses and even stock exchanges. And Google even used it as the platform to build its popular Android mobile operating system. But in the desktop and notebook space, it still failed to gain traction.There's an image associated with Linux that can be frightening for a normal user, invoking pictures of command lines and terminal windows. But over the past 20 years, some massive steps have been taken to make the OS more accessible.The Linux desktopLinux comes in more flavours today than what you would find in an ice cream shop. Each flavour, called a 'distribution' or 'distro', is designed for a different set of users. Some of the most popular ones are Ubuntu, Fedora, Mint, OpenSUSE, Debian and CentOS.Each distro has its own unique, intuitive and easy to use interface, designed following rigourous user testing. Developers have carefully studied what steps people take for common day-to-day tasks and have made significant improvements to simplify as well as speed up the user experience. Still, behind all the eyecandy lies the same stability and flexibility that makes Linux the OS of choice for companies like Google, Amazon and eBay.Distros use different interfaces, giving a broad variety in look and feel. Popular ones are Unity, Gnome or KDE, which work best if your system has 512MB RAM or higher. If you are running an older PC or desire faster speeds, interfaces like LXDE or Xfce are the way to go.Each distro is open source and the applications are developed by a community of enthusiasts. This usually translates into a plethora of unique features and add-ons that make computing much easier. For example, if you have thousands of MP3 files on your hard drive, an application called Nautilus - a file explorer - lets you hold your mouse over the file for a few seconds to automatically play the track.Similarly, those who love instant messengers and use multiple ones - Yahoo Messenger, ICQ, Windows Live or Google Talk - might sometimes be stormed by a flurry of messages popping up together. In Linux, if you receive five messages, they all sit in the message queue. The first one shows up in the notification area, fades out, and the next one fades in. The Empathy Instant Messaging client supports all the popular chat applications, including Facebook chat, so you need only one program to connect to all your favourite chat services.Apps: work &amp; playInitially, Linux users face a major problem in finding software for each distro, as well as installing it. But all that has changed recently. One of the things that mobile users enjoy most is the ability to discover and install applications from their phone's app store. Similarly, Linux desktops also have app stores, such as the Ubuntu Software Center and Deepin Software Center, which offer thousands of free and paid software for gaming, education, productivity and development.But will Linux be fine for your usual computing needs? On the work front, it's up to speed. For all office applications such as word processors, spreadsheets and presentations, most distros come with an office suite pre-loaded, such as LibreOffice, OpenOffice, or Calligra (or you can download them if not pre-installed). These can easily open most MS-Office files, be it one made in the latest MS Office 2010 or older versions. They can also save files to the same formats, as well as others such as PDF - perfect if you want to send an invoice to someone without allowing them to edit it.The only thing missing is an email suite to take on the powerful Microsoft Outlook. But Mozilla's Thunderbird supports Linux and is more than capable of executing anything you would have done in Outlook.There's no shortage of games available either. Popular titles such as Battle for Wesnoth or OpenArena will let you while away some time. And hey, what's a computer without Solitaire? The world's favourite digital card game and its twin FreeCell are both available on Linux, as well as Tux Math - a fun game to keep your mathematical skills sharp.You can play music in the wide variety of music players available, and also edit your tracks using Audacity. There's also the ability to edit videos with Shotwell, and the famous VLC player can play most audio or video files. And of course, the Gimp image editor will make you never miss Photoshop again.In most cases, if you think you need a program for something, then chances are that it's available for Linux - and now it's easier then ever before to find it.Secure and updated", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13120967", "title": "Mary Kom makes winning start at World Boxing Championships", "text": "NEW DELHI: Star Indian woman boxer MC Mary Kom made a resounding start to her title defence and the quest for an Olympic berth by advancing to the pre-quarterfinals of the seventh World Women's Championships in Qinhuangdao, China on Sunday.The 29-year-old seventh seed, who has won the world title for an unprecedented five times, out-punched Japan's Ayako Minnowa 20-9 in her lopsided opener of the flyweight 51kg division after getting a first-round bye.\"It was such a confusing bout, I don't know how to describe it. My opponent was very strong but she had no skill or technique, she only had strength. She fought like a bull, only hitting my belly,\" Mary Kom said.\"I mostly used my left hook in today's bout. She was just so confused about what to do. Had I resorted to her tactics it would have become a street fight.\"I kept control over my temper. Told myself that I cannot attack like her so it was better to counter. It was very draining,\" added the reigning Asian champion who was facing the Japanese for the first time in her career.Mary Kom will now square off against Marielle Hansen of Norway on Tuesday in the last-16 stage.Hansen defeated Zaida Enriquez Cedillo of Mexico 21-7 in her opening bout.\"I am going to fight her for the first time. Let's see how it goes,\" she said.Beginning the proceedings for India on Sunday, it was a perfect start to the diminutive Manipuri's quest for a London ticket where women's boxing will make its Olympic debut in three weight categories -- 51kg, 60kg and 75kg.Asia has just two slots to grab in the 51kg division but former world number one Mary Kom is being touted as a safe bet to hand India one of the available berths for the region.And her opening effort at the event, which she has dominated for long, was a thumping one as she took the first round 4-1.At the end of the second round, the Indian doubled her lead and consolidated her position further by notching up 7 points against her rival's 3 in the third.Minnowa tried hard in the final two minutes but Mary Kom had established a big enough lead to clinch the bout comprehensively.Meanwhile, fighting in the non-Olympic 54kg division, Sonia Lather lost to German Elena Walendzik 9-18 in the opening round itself.The Indian trailed 3-5 in the opening round and the gap kept widening as the bout progressed to bow out of the mega-event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115497", "title": "Nashik Road area cleared of hawkers", "text": "NASHIK: Continuing with its anti-encroachment drive, the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s anti-encroachment department targetted the Nashik Road area on Friday, clearing important areas of congestion caused by the encroachers.Jail Road, Nashik Road and the Nashik Road railway station areas, which suffer from a chronic encroachment problem, were targeted once again by the NMC's anti-encroachment department on Friday. Encroachments at Ingle Nagar, Durga garden, around the Dr Ambedkar statue and in the railway station area were being cleared off from Friday morning.The Jail Road and railway station areas have always been congested. There are schools on Jail Road and the railway station area is always crowded with autorickshaws, buses and travellers. The Durga garden area, with Muktidham and shopping complexes, is always congested and the roadside vendors add to this chaos even more. With an aim to free the roads in these areas from congestion, the NMC squad began their work from these areas on Friday.\"We conduct surprise drives so that the encroachers do not get intimated and flee from the place before we can arrive. As it is when we begin in a particular area, the encroachers on the farther ends of the place manage to run away,\" said Dattatreya Gotise, deputy municipal commissioner of the NMC's anti-encroachment department.Four handcarts, ironing boards, buckets, crates, weighing scales and stands were confiscated by 25 employees, with security being provided by 15 cops in three vans under the supervision of Nashik Road divisional officer, Meena Handore.\"The roads are pretty free of congestion now. The shops are visible and movement of traffic is quite smooth now,\" said Gotise. More areas of Nashik city will be cleared of congestion in the coming few days. Gotise said that the clearing process would be a step-by-step procedure, which will begin with clearing roads first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114030", "title": "'I was intrigued by the women who look surprised all the time'", "text": "BANGALORE: KP Suveeran agreed to direct the film Byari when he met the women of the community. They all wore a surprised look, prompting him to make the film.Until then, Byari's producer TH Althaf Hussain wasn't too certain that Suveeran would direct this small-budget film. Breaking linguistic stereotypes, Byari went on to win the Swarna Kamal, sharing the top honour in the Best Feature Film category with the Marathi film Deool at the 59th National Awards. Suveeran talks of his tryst with Byari.It's no misnomer that a director with the ability to seep into the skin of the subject emerges a winner. How did you go about internalizing the ethnicity of the Byari community?I belong to Ayyur in Kerala and make films in Malayalam. The offer to direct Byari was unexpected and I initially rejected it. But when I came face-to-face with a woman from the Byari community, her surprised look caught my attention. All the women of the community seem to wear the same expression. In Malayalam, the expression is called 'amberappu'. I was intrigued, and went through the community's literature, which is in Kannada. I had several interactions with the older ladies. Problems women face, be it frustration or suppression, are common to all women, whether they are from Delhi or Kerala. But that surprised expression is common only to Byari women, and it differs from any other. I also found out that the Byaris are a Muslim community who believe in the Koran, but haven't seen or read it.Tell us about the highs, lows and intensities of the making of Byari.The film had a very limited budget and after making it, I felt it was incomplete. The subject was projected well because of the diversity Byari provides as a language. As a director, I simply made what I saw and that was the truth. The expression is complete, but the technicality isn't.What are the challenges of bringing to the screen subtle nuances of an ethnic community, even while treading the dangerous path of invoking fear and wrath, both by the Byari community and others?When I visited the Byaris, who inhabit Udupi district of Karnataka, I noticed that all members support the BJP. This is a didactical observation, considering that Karnataka is ruled by the BJP, where beef is scarcely available in hotels. In this region, if someone kills a cow, people would kill them. So I wondered why the Byaris follow the BJP. I am a Marxist and pointed out to the Byaris that they must be able to live as they are. The Byaris behave like Kannadigas and have hidden their own identity - they have no ego. I think every person needs to have an ego about his/her land and community. I am an atheist, but believe that every human has a right to believe in his or her God. The Byaris are not able to show their origin. After this film, they are just a little bit more proud of their community. Language is also like religion, which is why chaos reigned with people from the north wanting Hindi as the national language and Tamilians protesting it.What does Byari's win say of cinematic acceptance in India?The real issue is that of acceptance. But artistes seldom care about acceptance. In fact, art is the same as science. A scientist looks for material truth, the artist pursues spiritual truth. When a scientist says the earth is round, people accept it. But when an artist wants to show realism, you need to use your own experiences, as is implicit in Byari.What led you to Byari in the first place?Althaf, the producer, is a good man, that's why he's a winner. He had a very small budget, needed a creative person and somehow sought me out. He came to me with a script; it was a love story. After reading it, I said I am not the right person for it. But when I met the Byari women with their surprised expressions, I decided to give form to this expression.Bridging languages, cultures and communities, what have you learnt about yourself as human and filmmaker?I continue to be dissatisfied, as I do after any work. I always feel my work could have been better. But I don't spend too much time pondering on what is past, I immediately launch into my next project. I'm currently writing a script in Malayalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115161", "title": "Gurgaon gets half of Faridabad in state grants", "text": "GURGAON: Despite being the highest revenue generator of the district, Gurgaon does not seem to be getting the required financial assistance from the state government. In a recent grant to the tune of nearly Rs 36 crore to undertake various development works for all municipal corporations, councils and committees in the state, the state government has awarded Rs 584 lakhs to the Faridabad municipal corporation while handing over just Rs 210 crore for the Gurgaon municipal corporation.The MCG officials are clearly not happy with this \"step-motherly treatment\". \"It is a well known fact that Gurgaon generates the maximum revenue in the entire state and it is unfair that they have allocated lesser funds than Faridabad. We could have used this fund for various development activities,\" said an official.Apart from this, the state government has approved a grant of Rs 70.20 lakh for Jhajjhar, Rs 75.37 lakh for Jind, Rs 64.92 lakh for Kaithal , Rs 197.02 lakh to Karnal Municipal Corporation, Rs 67.96 for Thanesar, Rs 9.83 lakh for Firojpur Jhirka in Mewat District, Rs 13.28 lakh for Mahendragarh District and Rs 111.64 lakh has been approved to Panchkula Municipal Corporation.Around Rs 188.45 lakh has been approved for Panipat Municipal Corporation, Rs 55.91 lakh to Rewari, Rs 212.95 lakh to Rohtak , Rs 88.68 to Sirsa , Rs 124.07 lakh to Sonipat while Rs 209 lakh has been approved to Yamunanagar Municipal Corpoartions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13113906", "title": "Jilted lover takes cyber revenge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rejected by the girl he loved since his school days, a final year LLB student created her fake profile on Facebook and uploaded obscene pictures of an unknown woman on the website. Two months after the girl lodged a police complaint, the crime branch has finally managed to nab the youth.The victim, daughter of an east Delhi businessman, and the accused, Shubham Kansal (22), had been classmates at school. After school, the two lost touch but Kansal rediscovered the girl on Facebook. He proposed a long-term relationship with the 21-year-old but she declined. Swearing vengeance, Kansal took months to plot his revenge. He created a fake Facebook profile in the girl's name and posted her personal information on it.According to Ashok Chand, additional CP (crime), the girl had approached Delhi Police's Special Investigation Team (SIT) on March 6 claiming that she had been receiving multiple calls from random men seeking unsolicited friendship. \"She told cops that the nature of the conversations was offensive and she had been facing severe mental trauma for two weeks,\" said Chand.\"The girl had discovered that her mobile number had also been uploaded on her fake profile along with the obscene pictures. The account also invited friendship requests from men. We registered a case based on her complaint,'' said DCP (crime) Sanjay Jain. The police team contacted Facebook and got the IP address with the help of technical experts. Kansal was finally arrested from his residence at Dilshad Garden on May 11. \"He was arrested under the IT Act for sending offensive messages by means of a computer resource or a communication device for the purpose of causing annoyance,\" said Jain.Kansal disclosed that he devised the plan after watching a movie in February when all his efforts to re-establish contact with the girl failed, said additional DCP (SIT) Joy Tirkey.The accused and the vclaiming that she hadThe accused and the victim were old friends. But when she spurned his advances, he posted obsene photos and gave out her phone number in the fake profile on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114824", "title": "Expressions of interests called for converting Adil Shah palace into museum", "text": "PANAJI: In keeping with its plans of transforming Adil Shah's palace (old secretariat) into a state-of-the-art museum, the state government has invited expressions of interest (EOIs) from museologists and consultancy firms of international repute to participate in the pre-qualification for museology work.The Goa state infrastructure development corporation limited issued the expression of interest bid, the last day for submission of which is May 31. \"A maximum of five individuals/firms shall be shortlisted on the basis of their experience, who will then be invited to give a presentation,\" the expression of interest bid read.The GSIDC has almost completed the work of revitalization of the Adil Shah palace building. The work was started by Digambar Kamat government five years ago.Interested firms should have been asked to submit the profile of the individual/firms, including qualification and experience of the key personnel. Firms also have to submit their financial strength indicating the turnover during the last three consecutive financial years and an audited profit and loss account statement.\"A list of successfully completed works with supporting documents indicating the nature of the project, details of work, experience certificate from clients etc are required,\" read one of the conditions in the expression of interest bid.Firms also have to submit a copy of their business registration certificate issued by a competent national authority stating the full name of the applicant, person, persons or board authorized to represent the applicant and the date and place of registration as museologists/consultants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13114638", "title": "Paliem transformer catches fire, causes loss", "text": "MAPUSA: An electricity transformer at Paliem village in Pernem caught fire on Saturday. The cause of fire is suspected to be the short-circuit in the electricity cables. The kiosk near the transformer also caught fire, which was put off by locals.Sparks were noticed in the fuse box of the transformer supposedly caused by a short-circuit or lose connection. The fire soon started spreading to the heavy duty electricity cable installed alongside the transformer and the transformer sources said.\"The suspected cause could be the short circuit in the cable as overloading of electric voltage could not be the reason during the early morning,\" said Rama Sawant junior engineer of the electricity department.The fuse box made up of fibre material immediately caught fire after the sparks from the electricity cables and the heavy duty electricity cable installed alongside the transformer were completely reduced to ash , locals said.\"Since the fuse box was made up of fibre a small spark could result in fire and once the fire starts it is difficult to control it. We will replace the fuse box with a new one made of metal,\" Sawant said.Officials of the electricity department shut off the power supply. The latter officials have estimated the loss at 2.20 lakh.Sawant said that the 150 KVA transformer was recently replaced and was in good condition.The incident led to a power outage in the entire village. The damaged transformer was replaced with a new one and electricity was restored to the area at 5pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114883", "title": "Arundhati Pantawane to lead Graceful Gulls in MBL", "text": "NAGPUR: Ace city shuttler Arundhati Pantawane was named as the captain of the Graceful Gulls team which will compete for the first time in the Maharashtra Badminton League (MBL). It was announced by the Gracelands chairman, Shekhar Jadhao, in a press conference held here on Friday.\"Arundhati is our best player and we had no hesitation in appointing her as the skipper of the side. She is an experienced campaigner and can motivate her teammates with outstanding performance,\" said Jadhao.\"It is very proud feeling for us that as many as five Indian players are in our team. Nishad Dravid had played for India few years back. Arundhati is member of the senior Indian team, while Harsheel Dani, Shlok Ramchandran and Riya Pillai are the current members of the junior squad,\" added Jadhao.Arundhati, who had guided Inspiring Eagles to finish runners-up in the inaugural edition of MBL last year, was thrilled to lead the side.\"Ever since Gracelands bought the MBL franchise, I always wanted to play for Nagpur team. It was an honour to represent my hometown. I hope I live up to the expectations of the owners,\" said Arundhati, who was bought for Rs 78,000 in the players' auction held in Pune on May 6.The brand ambassador of Gracelands is optimistic about brilliant performance by Graceful Gulls in the MBL which will be held at PDMBA Sports Complex, Shivaji Nagar, Pune from May 26 to June 3.\"Basically we have a pretty young and balanced side with four teenagers. All these young players are doing very well on the national circuit. The other advantage of our team is that we have a very good coach in Mangirish Palekar. We should do well,\" said Arundhati.Directors of Gracelands Manan Bhondekar, Rajendra Gaekwad and Paresh Bhide were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115667", "title": "Sluggish dairy market gets shot in the arm", "text": "NASHIK: In a move to give relief to milk-powder manufacturers and boost the business of local dairy farmers, in view of the ban on export of milk powder announced by the Centre, the Maharashtra government announced a subsidy of Rs 2 per litre for the conversion of surplus milk into milk powder. The decision was taken by the state last week.Following the ban, milk powder manufacturers had reduced their procurement of milk from local farmers.Due to the ban, milk processors too have not been robust about the conversion of surplus milk into milk powder as they already have a huge stock of milk-powder. As a result, firms engaged in the making of milk-powder had reduced their demand for milk from the farmers. Dairy farming, which is the major supplementary source of income for local farmers, was therefore severely affected. The state government took the decision on the subsidy as part of its measures to provide relief to the local dairy industry.At present, around 26 lakh to 27 lakh litres of milk are converted to milk powder daily in the state.A delegation of the Peasants and Workers' Party (PWP), led by its state secretary Jayant Patil, had recently met dairy development minister Madhukar Chavan urging him to take measures in the interests of farmers engaged in dairy farming.Chavan had assured them that a positive move would be made in this regard. Accordingly, the decision to allow a subsidy for the conversion of surplus milk into milk powder was taken.The Central government had, in February 2012, imposed a ban on the export of milk powder (including skimmed milk powder, whole milk powder, dairy whitener and infant milk foods).The ban on the export of these milk-based products had caused a decline in the demand for milk as private firms had reduced milk procurement from farmers to a marked extent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116064", "title": "Partha Chatterjee bats for Bengal in Singapore", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal industries and commerce minister Partha Chatterjee is trying hard to sell the state to prospective investors. At a seminar, jointly organized by the CII and the Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce, in Singapore on Saturday, the minister promoted the state as a perfect business destination. in Singapore on Saturday at a seminar jointly organized by the CII and the Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce.to promote Bengal as a perfect destination.and for that he was in Singapore on Saturday to promote Bengal as a perfect business destination. The Bengal government is trying to showcase the state to Singapore based industrialists and for that the Bengal minister made his best effort at a seminar jointly oragnised by CII and Singapore Indian Chamber of Commerce.Chatterjee said that the state was looking for investment in sectors like healthcare, education, skill development, agriculture, tourism, IT, manufacturing and infrastructure. He also invited investors to invest in textile, engineering, energy, biotechnology and finance sectors. He said that the Bengal government is operating a single window system to facilitate the investors. T C A Raghavan, Indian high commissioner in Singapore was also present in programme. He said that due to Bengal's location the state was looking for investment from Southeast Asia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114240", "title": "Solution to sand crisis in a week: CM", "text": "HYDERABAD: Chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy on Saturday assured builders to resolve the ongoing sand crisis in the state within a week. Speaking at the All India managing committee and general council meeting of the Builders Association of India (BAI), Reddy said that his government realized the gravity of issue and was working towards sorting it out at the earliest.\"Lakhs of people have been affected by this problem. In the next one week we will get a new system in place to address the issue,\" the chief minister said. He also promised to look into concerns pertaining to the escalation in price of building materials including sand, brick and even labour. To BIA's representation on these issues Reddy said that the existing system of awarding contracts was at the root of such problems. \"Work allotted by the government is often not properly estimated causing losses to both the state and contractors. We have now started giving clearances only in principle to a project unless the details are furnished to the finance department. The project is sanctioned only after finance department gives its nod. This will arrest any cost escalation in the work,\" the chief minister noted.A recommendation, floated by BAI members, to set up a cement plant in the state was also received positively by Reddy. He, however, opined that the state government too should have a stake in the venture. \"It was heartening to hear the chief minister agree to the proposal and even suggesting a 50-50 partnership between the entrepreneur and the state government. This will help check the monopoly of existing cement plants that have been hiking rates over the last few years,\" said V Sudhakar, chairman of BAI's AP chapter. Sudhakar said that the plant was proposed in the Nalgonda district.When quizzed about the state's Jalayagnam programme, Reddy said that his government was in the process of prioritizing the scheme and that 20 lakh acres was already brought under irrigation. \"Another 30 lakh acres will be added over the next three years,\" he assured, adding how the state was disbursing Rs 1,000 crore every month towards the irrigation department.Lauding the efforts of BAI towards skill development, the chief minister said that his government had allocated Rs 777 crore in this year's budget for skill upgradation and training. He said that a portion of it would also be diverted to National Academy of Construction, where Saturday's meet was held.Over 450 delegates of BAI from across the country participated the session that was also attended by minister for panchayat raj K Jana Reddy and minister for housing Capt N Uttam Kumar Reddy, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13125396", "title": "895 assistant professors to be recruited in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The state higher education department has sent a proposal for the recruitment of 895 assistant professors to the Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC).A proposal for the appointment of the assistant professors has been forwarded to HPSC, social justice and empowerment minister Geeta Bhukkal said today.\"The process to recruit 140 lecturers for college cadre has also started in the state,\" she said.\"As Haryana is celebrating 2012 as youth year, the state government is making best possible efforts to provide quality higher education to youths,\" Bhukkal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "barcelona", "code": "13125677", "title": "Hulkenberg earns one point for Force India from Spanish Grand Prix", "text": "BARCELONA: It turned out to be a mixed outing for Sahara Force India as Nico Hulkenberg finished 10th in the Spanish Grand Prix but teammate Paul di Resta ended up outside the points bracket on Sunday.Hulkenberg's 10th-place finish helped the team earn a point, but it was not helped by di Resta's 14th position at the Catalunya Circuit.Hulkenberg, who started 14th on the grid, gained four places to finish in top-10 with a timing of 1:39:09.709.Resta clocked 1:39:25.660 after starting 13th on the grid.India's Narain Karthikeyan was one of the five retirements from the 66-lap race.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13114674", "title": "Alina begins clean up drive at Zuarinagar", "text": "MARGAO: With the aim of fulfilling the ambitions of her late husband Matanhy Saldanha, Alina who already completed a plastic clearance drive at housing board, Upasnagar, has begun the second phase of her three-day clean up drive on Saturday at Zuari nagar.\"It was in Matanhy's priority list to clear up the waste plastic strewn all over the constituency,\" said Alina. Alina, who is expected to file her nominations on Monday, has decided to push for implementation of the draft plans made by the late Cortalim MLA.Speaking to TOI, she said that when she joined BJP she had told that she would be taking up issues that were part of Matanhy's manifesto. \"I have not spoken to the chief minister much. But, whenever locals come to me with their grievances, I forward the same to the CM. The Vasco MLA has been helping out with Cortalim,\" said Alina. As far as development plans for Cortalim were concerned, she said that they have done paperwork for pending works and that she was concentrating on three projects for each village. \"These planned works were already part of the budget,\" added Alina while stating that these plans were drawn up after consulting with locals from every part of the constituency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115160", "title": "Mother's Day is big buck business in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: It's that day of the year when you put in a little more effort than usual to show your mother how special she is and that you care.Sunday is Mother's Day and to celebrate this day, special brunches, discounts and gifts for moms are on offer at various hotels, clubs and pubs in Gurgaon; special events are also being organised across the city.On the occasion of Mother's Day, Fortune Select Excalibur in Sector 49 is offering a complimentary buffet for all mothers at Zodiac, the 24 Hours Astral Coffee Shop.The Sector 44-based Epicentre is doing a Mother's day special as well at their restaurant and lounge called The Drift. The cultural centre has organised contemporary live music by Riyaaz Qadir besides a lavish buffet with a spread of Indian and continental cuisine and unlimited beer. The brunch with unlimited beer is prices at Rs 725 per person, while just the brunch will cost Rs 625 per person.One might ask what moms would do at a pub. Well, she will be offered heavy discounts on food and drinks. \"We have a flat 50 per cent off on food and drinks for all who bring their moms along. It will start at 12 noon and will continue till 12 morning of May 13,\" informed Rahul Sharma , DGM of MGF Megacity Mall located at Pub Nirvann.\"At the end of the day, we are a pub but this is our way of doing something for the mothers. Being a Sunday, we are expecting a lot of families to come and enjoy a get-together,\" he added.This is not all. You can get a 20 per cent discount on buffet lunch and dinner along with soft beverage at New Town Cafe, the 24-hour restaurant at Sushant Lok, Phase 1 located Park Plaza Gurgaon. The Great Kabab Factory in the hotel is also offering a 20 per cent discount on food and soft beverages.Apart from eating out, you can even take out your mother for a quick massage or take part in a fitness session with your mom. Spas and fitness centres in the city too are wooing moms with exciting offers and discounts.The Westin Gurgaon is offering a Mother's Day Spa Package which includes a lime and mint scrub followed by relaxing massage for a duration of 1 hour 45 minutes.\"As a token of our love for mothers, we are giving all our registered members vouchers for a free neck and shoulder massage and foot reflexology at our in house spa which they can avail with two weeks,\" said Rajni Thakur, partner at South City located Rendezvous, a lounge for moms and kids.Fitness deals are also on offer on this special day. \"We have a special Mothers Day package where in you can come with your mother to Fitness First and use our services for four days, from May 9 to May 13, free of cost,\" said Himanshu Bansal membership consultant at Fitness First, located at Ambience Mall.Pitaara, a new concept formed by a group of mom entrepreneurs to display their creative best, is also organising an exhibition cum event on May 12, from 5 pm to 9 pm, at The Retreat, South City-1. \"Besides our exhibitions, we would have various stalls that will offer services like free makeovers for moms, photo session where the pictures clicked of a mom and her child which will be sent to them free of cost to their homes,\" said Suman Dash, one of the founders of Pitaara.And for all those whose moms have a sweet tooth, Unitech Club patio bakery will offer a free muffin hamper to mothers if you do a purchasing of Rs 500. But hurry the offer just lasts till Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13125138", "title": "Man shot over parking fight", "text": "times news networkALLAHABAD: A 34-year-old man was shot dead by two car-borne miscreants near Prayag railway station on Saturday night after an altercation took place over the parking of vehicles.As per reports, Vijay Kumar Kushwaha, 34, a resident of Sarai Gopal village in Soraon, was having tea at a roadside stall near Prayag railway station after parking his motorcycle nearby.In the meantime, some occupants of a Scorpio vehicle coming from the railway station entered into an argument with Vijay over the parking of his motorcyce. The Scorpio drivers then hit Vijay's motorcycle.Vijay retaliated by hitting the Scorpio driver with his helmet. After this one of the occupants of Scorpio whipped out a pistol and shot Vijay several times. A profusely bleeding Vijay fell on the floor while the occupants of Scorpio fled from the spot.Hearing gunshots, local residents rushed to the spot and informed the Colonelgunj police which arrived at the spot and took Vijay to hospital where the doctors pronounced him dead.However police received some information about the registration number of the vehicle used in the crime after which the police team managed to track down the vehicle and arrest the owner of the vehicle, Yasharth Shukla, resident, B K Banerjee road in Colonelgunj on Sunday.Inspector Colonelgunj RD Yadav said Yasharth confessed his involvement in the crime and revealed that it was his accomplice Monu Singh, a resident of Naini, who had shot dead Vijay.The duo had gone to Prayag railway station to pick Monu's uncle who was coming by Triveni express. The police have taken Yasharth and his vehicle in custody and launched a manhunt to nab Monu who is absconding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13115071", "title": "Two pracharaks tonsured, assaulted in Betul district", "text": "BHOPAL: Two persons of vegetarianism were assaulted and tonsured at village Nayagaon in Betul district of Madhya Pradesh, sparking protests from the followers of Mathura based Swamy Jaigurudev.The incident took place at village Nayagaon on Friday night when two pracharaks (promoters) of Swamy Jaigurudev were returning after attending various programmes were attacked by a youth. He snatched the publicity materials from them and then assaulted them. Later, the youth identified as Raman Yadav dragged them to a nearby saloon and forced a barber to tonsure the duo.Pracharaks Umesh and Nathu have lodged a complaint at Kotwali police station against Raman Yadav, who is on the run. Kotwali police station in-charge Poornendra Singh said a case on the charges of wrongful confinement, obscene act and criminal intimidation, also under the provisions of scheduled castes and scheduled tribes atrocities (Prevention) Act against the accused has been registered. For promoting vegetarianism, followers of Swamy Jaigurudev had organised programmes at a dozen places in Betul district between May 6 and May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115325", "title": "South Mumbai college fails 55% Class XI pupils", "text": "MUMBAI: After the mass failure of Class-IX students in two south Mumbai schools, Class XI students in a junior college also suffered a similar fate, with the institution failing as many as 55% of its batch this year. The college, however, granted grace marks and promoted 46% of the unsuccessful students.Of the 522 Class-XI students in different streams in Bhavan's Hazarimal Somani College of Arts and Science at Girgaum Chowpatty, 289 were not allowed to go on to the next class this year. \"We were merely following the government rules, which stated that students were not supposed to get any grace marks unless they scored at least 25% in theory papers. We ourselves were shocked with the poor results. So, we immediately contacted the education minister and asked him to look into the matter,\" said Medha Gupte, principal of the college.A circular issued in March 2011 mandates students of classes IX and XI to score a minimum of 25% in theory papers to be eligible for grace marks. When the government realized that many schools and colleges were not sure about the policy, it issued a fresh circular on March 12, 2012, iterating the same guidelines. Several institutions, however, claimed that the circular reached them too late and students were not aware of the rule. Since there was delay in issuing the 2012 circular, school education minister Rajendra Darda directed his department to defer the implementation of the rules by a year. \"Once the directive from the state education minister was announced, we immediately worked on the results again and cleared the papers of 134 students, taking our pass percentage from 45% to 70%,\" said Gupte.After receiving their first results, the unsuccessful students had also approached the Maharashtra Navnirman Vidyarthi Sena (MNVS), the students' wing of the MNS, seeking help from the members; the activists wrote to the deputy director of education (school) as well as the education secretary. \"There was some miscommunication in getting the message across to the students. The college put up the circular about grace marks in March but by then, the students were already busy with the papers and so nobody bothered to check the notice board. We are glad that the government acted on the problem promptly,\" said an MNVS member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114291", "title": "Tollywood strikes it rich in Karnataka", "text": "HYDERABAD: The market has just got bigger for Telugu films with Competition Commission of India (CCI) removing restrictions imposed on the release of non-Kannada films in Karnataka. Ram Charan Tej's 'Racha', Jr NTR's 'Dammu' and Pawan Kalyan's 'Gabbar Singh' have all been released in a large number of theatres in Karnataka.The Karnataka Film Chamber of Commerce (KFCC), which felt that the survival of Kannada cinema was at stake had recently imposed restrictions on the number of theatres where non-Kannada films could be screened in the state.Annoyed by this decision, certain production houses had approached the CCI against the KFCC's decision. With CCI finding fault with the KFCC on the issue a couple of months ago and removing barriers on the release of non-Kannada films in the state, Telugu films are being released in a big way in Karnataka now.\"Telugu films and heroes have a big following in Karnataka. Our production houses have now started releasing Telugu films in as many theatres as they want to. Definitely, the market for Telugu cinema has now got expanded,\" Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce (APFCC) president D Suresh Babu told STOI. This means that producers will stand to gain hugely as they can now sell their films rights for a larger amount as they can be released in more theatres. While Telugu film heroes are a big draw in Karnataka, their image will get even bigger and this could result in increase in their remuneration as well.On April 5, 'Racha' reportedly was released in as many as 90 theatres in Karnataka. Before the restrictions were removed not more than 24 theatres were allowed to show non-Kannada films. In addition to 90 theatres where 'Racha' was screened officially, 30 followed suit in Karnataka. The Ram Charan Tej-starrer, it is said, collected several crores in the Karnataka market.With Karnataka now becoming a lucrative market, Jr NTR's 'Dammu', which was released on April 27, tried to take full advantage and the movie was released in 150 theatres across Karnataka. On Friday, Pawan Kalyan's 'Gabbar Singh' now bids to repeat the feat. The film was released in 16 single screen theatres and 17 multiplexes in Bangalore city. In all, the movie was released in 83 theatres in Karnataka.Ironically, while the Telugu film industry has lost no time in taking its share of the Kannada pie, a section of the Tollywood has been voicing itself against the release of dubbed movies from other languages in Andhra Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13116356", "title": "Maharaja Sayajirao University registers robbery offence against students", "text": "VADODARA: The move to run away with answer sheets after they were allegedly caught copying has landed four students in trouble. M S University has registered an offence of robbery against the four students of Faculty of Science and one of them was arrested on Saturday.The alleged incident had taken place on Thursday afternoon when three students were spotted copying by a squad of the university. The students were taken to the office of the science faculty and procedure was started to register a copying case against them. The students allegedly called a student leader from the faculty to seek his intervention in the matter. A row followed at the faculty with the student leader accusing the university officials of implicating the three students in the copy case.One of the students allegedly ran away with the answer sheet and tore it. Following this, the officials decided to register an offence with Sayajigunj police station. After registering the robbery offence, the police swung into action to nab the students. It was claimed that vehicle checking and other means were taken to nab them. Sayajigunj police stated on Saturday that one of the students involved in the incident had been nabbed. They said that attempts were being made to nab the other three, including the student leader.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114563", "title": "Bhubaneswar embarks upon green goal", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The city will embark upon a massive plantation drive in the rainy season during which more than three lakh saplings will be planted. The aim is to create a green triangle around the city covering Jaydev Vihar to Nandankanan and from Infocity-II to Jaydev Vihar along NH. The city forest division has also been asked to plant trees on the roadsides and on vacant and forest lands in and around the city.\"Saplings have already been grown for plantation in different nurseries of the forest department, while the specific areas for plantation will be identified soon,\" said divisional forest officer of city forest division Jayanta Dash adding that more emphasis will be given on planting medicinal plants like Neem, Ashoka, Baul, Gulmohur, Chakunda, Karanja, Sunari, and others.The city forest division will plant as many as 47,000 saplings, the Orissa Forest Development Corporation 1.7 lakh, Chandaka Sanctuary will plant 50,000 while the Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation and Bhubaneswar Development Authority will plant 7,000 and 8,000 saplings respectively. Besides, various other agencies, industrial houses, schools, colleges, and NGOs will be asked to plant the rest 24,000 saplings, forest department officials said.According to official sources, it has been decided that all roadside plantation programmes in the city will be passed by the City Management Group to avoid any duplication of efforts and cutting down of trees for road expansion in the future. It has been also been decided that newly-extended areas of the city will be taken up for road and block plantation. The \"Gochar\" and forest lands within newly extended areas of BDA will be identified and planted with appropriate tree varieties for protection of the environment and beautification of the city.Chief horticulturist of Bhubaneswar Development Authority (BDA), A N Dhar said, \"BDA has been entrusted with plantation in all parks around the city while BMC and the city forest division will cover vacant plots and roadside areas. Besides, we are also looking after avenue and median plantation, for which we are selecting flowering and bushy plants instead of big trees.\"However, a large number of saplings planted during plantation drives launched each year in the monsoon fail to survive or die prematurely because of lack of care. Though the departments or the authorities concerned hardly have any idea or estimates about it, the records put the figures of new saplings planted during the rainy season around two to three lakh each year on an average.\"For the protection of plants we are providing plant guards around the trees. It is the duty of organizations planting the trees to ensure that the plant survives with proper care, which include a tree guard or some kind of protection around it till it attains some height and does not become a target of stray animals,\" said Dash.Dillip Srichandan, a social activist, who organizes plantation drives voluntarily round the year said lack of tree guards and watering leads to immature death of plants planted with much fanfare in a particular season. \"The authorities concerned should focus on ensuring the survival of plants than to count their heads during the plantation drive and fix responsibility on the departmental heads,\" he said.The state government has also taken steps to create green cover across the state by organizing plantation drives in 27 towns where 8.43 lakh saplings will be planted against 6 lakh saplings in 12 towns last years. Moreover, the roadside plantation has also been extended from 769 km to 1600 km this year, official sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madrid", "code": "13119450", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna, Paes-Stepanek crash out of Madrid Masters", "text": "MADRID: The Indian pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna crashed out of the ATP Madrid Masters after losing their semifinal match to Robert Lindstedt of Sweden and Horia Tecau of Romania.The seventh seeded Indian duo fought hard before losing 4-6 6-1 7-10 in an hour and 16 minutes.After losing the first set 4-6, Bhupathi and Bopanna fought their way back into the match, clinching the second comfortably, 6-1.Both the teams, however, refused to spare an inch in the deciding Super Tie-breaker, where the Swedish-Romanian combo managed to keep its nerves to run away with the match.Earlier, fifth seeded Indo-Czech pair of Leander Paes and Radek Stepanek lost to second seeds Max Mirnyi and Daniel Nestor 3-6 7-6 2-10 in the quarterfinal.Paes and Stepanek managed to stretch their higher-ranked opponents before going down in a battle that lasted an hour and 29 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114856", "title": "'Safety must for health workers'", "text": "PUNE: The Indian Academy of Medical Microbiologists (IAMM) and the Haffkine Institute, in association with the Becton, Dickinson and Company (BD)-India, launched an awareness campaign on health and safety of healthcare workers in the state on occasion of the International Nurses' Day on Friday.Titled 'Jyot Se Jyot', the initiative will look to sensitise and increase awareness among healthcare professionals and hospital managements on the issues of the safety of healthcare workers. In the next 51 days, the initiative will see seminars, workshops and talks in various cities. It will continue till July 1, which is the International Doctors' Day.The World Health Organization (WHO) estimates that there are 1.3 million deaths of healthcare workers worldwide due to rampant use of the unsterilised, reused needles. The UN agency linked 33% of new hepatitis B injections and 2 million new cases of hepatitis C each year due to unsafe injections and needle stick injuries. Nearly 5% of new HIV cases come from needle stick injuries.Bhaskar Sonowal, technical adviser, infection control and patient safety of BD-India, said, \"Though there is no official data documenting the number of deaths in India due to needle stick injuries, the number is believed to be high. We are aiming to sensitise this issue in various hospitals in the state for them to set up a standard protocol in hospitals in order to mitigate unnecessary deaths among healthcare workers.\"Abhay Chowdhary, head of department of microbiology, Sir J J hospital, Mumbai, said, \"There is a negligent attitude among hospitals in the country.We seem to overlook the serious issue of looking after our healthcare workers, who play a critical role in society and our system. Through this campaign, we are looking to bring safety issue of the workers under the spotlight.\"Nita Munshi, head of department of pathology, Ruby Hall Clinic, said, \"Healthcare workers are exposed to all sorts of risks in the hospital. Therefore, it is a requirement to install a mechanized system in hospitals to protect them.\"Apart from Pune, 'Jyot Se Jyot', started in 2009, will reach out to hospitals in Nasik, Aurangabad, Thane as well, finally culminating in Mumbai on July 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13114196", "title": "Chandrapur farmers to get fertilizer directly at fields", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The district administration has decided to provide necessary chemical fertilizers to the farmers directly at their fields in kharif season. Decision was taken following the requests made by farmer groups. There were allegations of irregularities in distribution of fertilizers during last kharif season.Collector Vijay Waghmare announced that the fertilizers will be provided directly at the farms of the farmers with the help of Vividh Karyakari Sanstha and fertilizer companies.\"While this will save the transportation charges, farmers will get the fertilizers in time at less than maximum retail prize,\" he said. The decision was taken at meeting held at collectorate for planning the allocation and distribution of fertilizers and seeds in district for this kharif season.District receives average rainfall of 1142mm every year. Last year average rainfall of 1084mm was received in the district, while this year 98% of average rainfall is expected during monsoon. Cultivation for this kharif season has been planned for 4.50 lakh hectares.It includes soyabean cultivation area of 1.60ha, paddy 1.58ha, cotton 90,000ha, tur 32,000ha and other crops in 6,000ha, informed district superintending agriculture officer, AM Kuril. Officers also informed that stock of soyabean seeds is available with the distributors. Similarly necessary stock of fertilizers is also available in the district.The Chandrapur District Central Co-operative Bank and nationalized banks have already started distribution of crop loans to the farmers. Banks have distributed credits cards to 1.20 lakh farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13113964", "title": "In anti-Naxal war, beware turning state into a destructive power", "text": "Amid the continuing saga of abduction and killing of state functionaries by Maoists in their so-called war against the Indian state, the country agonises over ways of eliminating the long-festering Naxalite problem. While all effective, legal and legitimate options should be on the table of the policy makers to meet the gravest threat to internal security, an out-and-out bellicose and militaristic response to such crises would be ill-advised.A seemingly restrained approach to counter-Naxalite operations becomes difficult to articulate in a public discourse smacking of the pervasive 'either-or' fallacy of the George Bush variety: if you are not with us, you are against us. So, point out the risks, ethical, legal and moral issues and strategic considerations which are arrayed against a purely militaristic approach, and be ready to be buttonholed as a closet Naxalite sympathiser. However, it is important to stick one's neck out if fundamental questions about the credibility of our democracy are at stake. An unambiguous understanding needs to be developed that going down the path of a self-destructive war against the Naxalites is simply not an option.First, the enthusiasm for promoting armed conflict with the Maoists to the status of war seems to stem from the misunderstanding that once it is 'declared' as a war, the state's power to deal with the menace will be unfettered by human rights considerations. It, however, ought to be kept in mind that even in war, international humanitarian law prohibits causing unnecessary suffering to combatants as well as non-combatants, and enjoins the state to safeguard certain fundamental human rights of its enemies. A lawful state response is not constrained by the fact that the armed conflict is not characterised as a war. Neither does it undermine in any sense the gravity of the threat itself.Second, there are practical and ethical considerations that weigh against any sort of war jingoism. The foremost among them is that a democratic state should do its utmost to avoid being pushed into a situation which makes it prone to commit excesses against its own population. India is not Sri Lanka , nor should we emulate it. Carpet-bombing all the Naxalite bastions would be the most ill-advised thing to consider. To make the case for a military solution is to play right into the hands of the Maoists who have always wanted to prove that India's democracy is a mere pretence. Moreover, the enormous might and full destructive power of the state is, in and of itself, an argument against its use when faced with an unequal challenge emanating from within. The state has responsibilities towards its citizens which the Maoists don't have. It has to worry about both legality and legitimacy of its actions. That is not to say that the state cannot adopt some of the tactics of Naxalites to defeat them. The elite commando force of Andhra Pradesh , the Greyhounds have amply demonstrated the success that lies in doing so.Third, hailing India's own experience of defeating extremism in Punjab to endorse a no-holds-barred offensive against enemies of the state as the only effective way papers over a few home truths. No doubt, KPS Gill's leadership and determination was an important factor in ending militancy, but it should not be forgotten that a populace tired of incessant violence had voted with its feet against militants. Had the militants not lost all sympathies of the people, who knows, the situation may have been very different today. Add to this the alleged flagrant violations of human rights on a mass scale during security operations in Punjab, and it becomes obvious that a brutal approach to the Naxalite problem can easily prove to be its own undoing.So, should the state wait for the time when the influence which the Maoists may be conceded to have over the people in the hinterlands withers away? Of course not. A prudent, holistic approach bereft of chauvinism of any kind has to be followed to deal with the problem. The peculiar socio-economic, administrative and governance context exploited by Naxalites to entrench themselves has to be assiduously improved-if that entails deference to imperatives of security in the short run, then so be it. Offensives against brutal Naxalites must be launched to bring them to justice, but within the four corners of law and respect for human rights. Reckless and indiscriminate violence by the state to root out Naxalism would be a recipe for state terror. Even if moral, legal and ethical considerations were to be brushed aside as irrelevant where innocent lives are being lost, there are compelling pragmatic and strategic reasons for the state not to convert the confrontation into a full-scale war. The remedy after all should not be worse than the disease.The writer is senior superintendent of police, National Human Rights Commission , New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13125043", "title": "Woman sets self, four daughters ablaze", "text": "RAJKOT: In a gruesome incident, a woman committed suicide by setting herself as well as four of her five daughters ablaze in Than village of Surendranagar district on Saturday afternoon.The woman identified as Gemi Rabari, (35), was severely depressed for being unable to bear a male child, police said.According to Than police, Rabari, a Kapurvav area resident of Than set herself and four daughters on fire at their house when no other family members were present.Only her eldest daughter Mamta (10) survived the inferno but her condition is said to be critical at the Rajkot Civil Hospital. Her other three daughters who died were identified as Khama (6), Nanya (4) and Bebi (18 months). However, seven-year-old daughter Neeta was fortunate as she was not present when her mother took the extreme step.According to A J Pandav, investigating officer, Rabari and her three daughters suffered serious burn injuries and succumbed immediately.Her husband Sangram Rabari filed a complaint with Than police station against his wife for murdering the daughters.\"Her husband and family members told us that she was extremely depressed because of not having a son,\" said Pandav. Sangram is a handicapped and runs a tea stall in Than while Rabari used to work in ceramic industries to support the family.\"Sagram Rabari was a native of Velana village but migrated to Than in search of livelihood. They married 12 years ago and had five children, all daughters,\" said police.\"It is shocking that a mother killed herself and daughters so gruesomely just because she did not have a son. Even her brother told us that she was very depressed,\" said an investigating official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13113983", "title": "Yeddyurappa\u2019s confidants create a rain of resignations", "text": "BANGALORE: Seeking to create a crisis for chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, who has refused to convene a meeting of the BJP's legislature wing, eight ministers loyal to former CM BS Yeddyurappa have handed their resignation letters. Fifteen MLAs have done likewise. The ministers' letters - submitted to Yeddyurappa - are addressed to the chief minister, and those of the legislators to the assembly Speaker.Saturday's development comes a day after the Supreme Court ordered a CBI inquiry into Yeddyurappa's alleged role in illegal mining. The mass resignations are aimed at forcing Gowda to convene a meeting to discuss his March 26 letter to BJP president Nitin Gadkari .In his bombshell missive, Sadananda Gowda had accused five ministers, all confidants of Yeddyurappa, of indulging in anti-party activities and demanded their expulsion from the BJP.The ministers who have handed Yeddyurappa their resignation letters are Umesh Katti, CM Udasi, Shobha Karandlaje, V Somanna, Murugesh R Nirani, MP Renukacharya, Basavaraj Bommai and Raju Gowda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114399", "title": "Mecca doors shut on dress code violators", "text": "HYDERABAD: Women, cover yourselves up or leave, is the new diktat of the Mecca Masjid management. Female home guards stationed at the gates are over the last two days turning away women who are 'skimpily' clad, which includes those wearing jeans and sleeveless tops. No notice has been displayed citing this rule anywhere outside or inside the mosque.Around 6,000 tourists visit the grand structure everyday, half of whom are women. Earlier, women were forced to wear unkempt burqas without the headscarves, but after a few visitors raised a hue and cry about the filthy black robes, the idea was scrapped by the superintendent of the mosque about a month ago. However, the dress code has now resurfaced in another form.Mosque officials say that they are in a fix. While they admit that the Mecca Masjid is a popular tourist destination and that they generate good revenue from tourism activities, they maintain that it is a place of worship too. And like any place of worship, there are specific guidelines pertaining to the dress code of both women and men which should be followed, they say. An official on condition of anonymity defended the unwritten rule and said that there was a barrage of problems faced by them everyday and that they did not want to invite the ire of activists by putting up a notice instructing visitors to cover themselves up in a shawl.Deepti Amte, a disappointed tourist from Nagpur said, \"There is no notice which indicates that women should cover themselves in a shawl. I was turned away by the female guards who told me that I could see the mosque once I buy a stole and cover myself up. Since this is a matter of a religious place, there is nothing more I can say.\" She was wearing jeans and a black jacket.Observers noted that the rule was not new and was similar to the restrictions at the Golden Temple in Amritsar and Hazrat Saleem Chishti's tomb in Fatehpur Sikri where both men and women are asked to cover their heads before they enter. An official said, \"Since we have the manpower now, the 'covering' rule is being implemented. Since this is a place of worship, all that we ask is that women dress appropriately, like they would when they pray. If they don't have a chadar (shawl), they can buy one from the many shops nearby. We have never stopped them from visiting. In fact, they are welcome to marvel at the historic structure.\"Islamic scholars are of the opinion that Mecca Masjid is flocked by thousands of believers to offer their namaz everyday. They say Islamic laws such as those of the purdah do not apply to people from other faiths but added that it would be thoughtful of them if they understand that Mecca Masjid was a place of worship and dressed appropriately.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115816", "title": "Spread awareness on rich cultural heritage: Governor", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad Museum, which is among the five national museums of the country, should make efforts to make people aware about our rich historical and cultural heritage, said Governor BL Joshi while addressing the executive body of Allahabad Museum here on Saturday.The Museum should also provide specialised training to professionals opting to make a career in the field of history and archeology, said governor.Allahabad Museum director Rajesh Purohit suggested the museum should also take steps for documenting historical records and pieces in its custody and digitalise them. Besides, an exhibition portraying the historical, religious and cultural heritage of Allahabad should be put at Mahakumbh 2012-13.Purohit said the governor appreciated the steps taken by Museum to introduce light and sound effect in the Natural History gallery on an experimental basis. Once the exercise is successful, it would be extended to other galleries too, he added.Governor BL Joshi also reviewed the works undertaken by museum in the field of art, culture and education apart from taking stock of forthcoming projects.The director said the museum authorities also plan to provide internship to students of archaeology and museology at different government institutions in the country. This would acquaint them with the functioning of museums across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115766", "title": "Kolkata Municipal Corporation gifts more water to Salt Lake", "text": "KOLKATA: There's hope in sight for the residents of Salt Lake and Dum Dum who have been suffering from water woes for quite sometime. The Kolkata Municipal Corporation (KMC) has agreed to provide another seven million gallons of water a day to the more than five lakh residents of the two areas.The officials of Salt Lake Municipality water supply department had raised an alarm after a severe water scarcity hit the town and its adjoining areas three years ago. They had requested KMC to supply extra water from Palta water treatment plant. But the request could not be met due to several breaches in distribution pipes that carry water from Palta to Tallah water reservoir.In order to supply additional water to Salt Lake and Dum Dum and solve the crisis in some city pockets, the KMC water supply department had decided in 2009 to lay a fresh water main pipe from Palta to Tallah. The project under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) is now nearing completion. \"Under the JNNURM scheme, we are laying a 64 inch water main pipe from Palta water treatment plant to Tallah water reservoir. Once it is complete, we will be able to supply an additional seven million gallons of water every day to Salt Lake and Dum Dum,\" a senior KMC water supply department official said.This extra water will bridge the gap between demand and supply for potable water in these two areas, said a KMC official. \"We now supply 13 million gallons of water to Salt Lake, and North and South Dum Dum municipalities. The actual requirement is 20 million gallons,\" the official said.Mayor Sovan Chatterjee said that the demand for supplying additional potable water to Salt Lake and Dum Dum had been a long pending one. Now, the KMC has geared up to meet the demand. \"Now, we are in a position to supply additional water to residents of Salt Lake and Dum Dum. Once the water supply project under the JNNURM is complete, we will start supplying the extra water,\" Chatterjee said.Sources in the KMC water supply department, however, said that Chatterjee was in favour of collecting fees from the municipalities receiving the additional water.Bidhannagar Municipality will be installing water meters to measure how much water it actually gets from Tallah. Officials said though the previous civic board would tell residents that of the 90 lakh gallons of daily water supply in the township, 65 lakh gallons came from Tallah and the rest from deep tube wells, no exact measurement was ever done to verify this claim.\"The water meters will be installed to measure how much water the township exactly gets from Tallah at present,\" said a civic official.According to estimates, the township receives about six million gallons of water per day (MGD) against the demand for 10 MGD. The deficit of 4 MGD is met by drawing water throughs deep tube wells. The municipality held talks with KMC on this issue a few years ago after the third civic board was formed. It was decided mutually that the municipality would pay KMC Rs 1 crore annually for water.However, with the municipality becoming financially crippled after tax collection was suspended since mid 2007, it could not pay the KMC as agreed. The municipality paid only Rs 50 lakh a year for a few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114961", "title": "227 students appear for online AIEEE exam in Madhya Pradesh", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 227 candidates appeared in the AIEEE online exam held at IES College in the capital on Saturday. The candidates who couldn't attempt the written exam had also turned up in large number for the online exam. Bhopal was the only centre for online exams in the state.There are around 34,300 seats for Bachelor of Engineering (BE) and Bachelor of Technology available across the country this year. Around 2000 students are expected to appear for the online exam to be held on May 19 and May 26.Those who would clear the exam would be eligible to get admissions in NITs, IITS, 16 deemed universities and government aided technical educational institutions across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114720", "title": "Goa govt shows off policies at BJP meet in Tamil Nadu", "text": "PANAJI: 'Parivarthan' which was BJP's slogan during the last assembly elections, was the title of the Goa pavilion's exhibition put up by the state government on the sidelines of a BJP meeting at Madurai, Tamil Nadu , earlier this week.The exhibition display at the Goa pavilion revolved around development of both physical infrastructure and that of human resources and had a full size photograph of chief minister Manohar Parrikar. According to the department of information and publicity, the exhibition coincided with a meeting of BJP which included besides Goa; Madhya Pradesh , Karnataka, Chattisgarh, Gujarat and Jharkhand on May 10-11 and attended by around three lakh people from all over India. All the six states ruled by the BJP had put up exhibitions on their e-governance initiatives and achievements.Another aspect that was highlighted was the restructuring of taxes and how it benefited the common man. It was stressed upon that Goa is the first state to remove VAT on petrol reducing the rate by 11. On becoming the chief minister and in his first budget, Parrikar also froze the LPG price at the current level for the next five years. Considering housewives, the chief minister had given an inflation allowance of 1,000 per month to them and also introduced 'Ladli Laxmi scheme'for girls with 1 lakh for their marriage.Senior BJP leader L K Advani, leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj , BJP national president Nitin Gadkari and Venkaiah Naidu were among those who addressed the meeting and visited the Goa pavilion. Gadkari said that Goa had shown the way to India that the BJP was not a communal party claiming that the Roman Catholics in the state whole-heartedly supported the party and brought it to power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13125786", "title": "CPI leader urges Centre to help Indian workers in Angola", "text": "HYDERABAD: CPI general secretary S Sudhakar Reddy today urged the Centre to enquire about Indian workers in Angola, who were allegedly fired at when they demanded payment of salaries, and provide help to them.A large number of Indian workers, agitating for their salaries, were allegedly fired at on May 9 and many of them were imprisoned and provided no medical aid, he said in a letter to Union minister for overseas Indian's affairs Vayalar Ravi .\"I request you to enquire immediately about the fate of the Indian workers in Angola and ask the Indian embassy to intervene and discuss with Angola government and do justice to them,\" Reddy said in the letter.One third of the workers are from Andhra Pradesh, while others belong to different states, he said.Meanwhile, Andhra Pradesh chief minister N Kiran Kumar Reddy directed the chief secretary to take up the issue with the ministry of external affairs.Reddy sought that all steps be taken to protect the citizens of Andhra Pradesh, a release from the chief minister's office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115157", "title": "Holidaymakers hit as Air India cancels 5 international flights", "text": "MUMBAI: Stockbroker Pankaj Kotecha was all set to fly to the US for a 25-day holiday with his family, but his vacation plan ran into rough weather when his flight was cancelled because of Air India (AI) pilot's strike.Kotecha's biggest grouse is that the airline did not provide him with adequate information about the cancellation, leading to further delay and double expenditure for his trip.On Saturday, AI cancelled seven flights -a couple of domestic and five on international routes such as Newark, London, Jeddah, Riyadh and Shanghai.Kotecha and his family were scheduled to fly out on May 11 at 6.30am by an AI Mumbai-London-New York flight. He said AI informed him about the flight's cancellation only at 8.30pm on May 10 and asked him to go to the airport to seek an alternative. \"We went with all our luggage and found that all the passengers booked on that flight had been called. Eventually, AI officials told us they may not be able to accommodate us till they had cleared the backlog of passengers,\" Kotecha said. \"I returned home at 3am and tried to book new tickets,\" the stockbroker added.Kotecha alleged that AI offered him a refund only for the Mumbai-London sector. \"They said the London-New York was booked on an American airways flight and a cancellation fee was therefore chargeable. As AI had got us that ticket, it should be responsible for it,\" he said.Kotecha eventually booked fresh tickets on a Jet Airways flight for almost double the usual rate. \"Earlier, I had purchased one return ticket for Rs 82,000. I spent Rs 1,60,000 per ticket for the new flight,\" he said.Many passengers like Kotecha were found haggling with airline officials at the terminal. Two senior citizens have been coming to the airport since May 8 to check if the airline had accommodated them on another flight. \"They have asked us to keep checking at the airline counter, but there is still no progress. New tickets are unaffordable and we are waiting for the airline to put us on another flight,\" said one of the two senior citizens.An AI spokesperson said flight schedules have been put up on the website and all information was being shared. \"Sometimes, it is not possible to accommodate all the flyers. We are making our best efforts,\" the spokesperson said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114805", "title": "Irked NCP may take on Cong at bypoll", "text": "PANAJI: Smarting over its pre-poll alliance partner, Congress, not taking it into confidence over the Cortalim bypoll, the NCP on Saturday said it would contest the byelection on its own.Post its state executive committee meeting, NCP spokesperson Avinash Bhonsle told STOI, \"We have informed the party high command about the decision and the high command has given us the green signal to contest the byelection.\"He said NCP will also write to Goa Pradesh Congress Committee president Subhash Shirodkar reminding the party about the pre-poll alliance. \"We will demand that NCP should be allowed to field a candidate for the bypoll, and if Congress does not agree, we will contest on our own,\" said Bhonsle.Pointing out that the Congress candidate in Cortalim had bagged the fourth position at the general elections, Bhonsle said the potential NCP candidate, Ramakant Borkar, who finally contested under a UGDP ticket, had stood third. \"Had he contested under an NCP ticket, things would have been different,\" said Bhonsle.On former PWD minister Churchill Alemao figuring as a Congress candidate for the bypoll, Bhonsle said the party appeared confused. \"While Churchill has threatened to quit the Congress, the Congress is considering his name!\"He said NCP will not fight the bypoll on the issues of Mopa airport or medium of instruction, but the fight will be between communal and secular forces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115195", "title": "Divorce reasons go from silly to bizarre in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: From frivolous to ridiculous, the reasons why people are seeking divorce is growing bizarre day by day. If a husband wants to step out of his marriage because his wife cooks meat in a cooker while his mother used to do it on slow fire, a woman wants to walk away from her husband as she does not want to employ the same doctor and chartered accountant her husband engages because she cannot understand his mother tongue.Advocate Kranti Sathe, who appears in matrimonial dispute cases, says she comes across these absurd instances as clients approach her seeking divorce.Sathe recounts the case of a North and South Indian couple, who had a love marriage, but later the wife approached her to fight the case. \"The wife refused to go to the same doctor or chartered accountant as her husband because he would talk to them in his mother tongue. Also, the woman could not stand her husband talking to his family members,\" says Sathe.But she also says that several such instances of idiosyncrasies contribute to total sum of cruelty but \"can never by themselves be a ground for divorce\".But marriage counsellor Dr Rajan Bhosale has a different take on it. He reckons that these frivolous reasons given by the couples may be just outward reasons to camouflage their real intentions. \"There may be a core reason for the dispute. Sometimes, the couple know it themselves. Sometimes, they don't tell anyone, not even their parents. They also feel they cannot blame one another. So, they look for excuses and wonder what to come up with,\" he says.He says that the fast-paced lifestyle is making the couples suffer from low impulse control. \"In olden days, couples tolerated each other. Today's generation wants everything instant. Considering that they have their whole lives, they may be just taking a wise decision,\" Bhosale feels.Perhaps, Bhosale is not far from the truth as there are many who have defied odds to make their marriages work. Mahim residents Sheila and James D'Souza completed 51 years of married life in January this year and have seen all their four children settling abroad. The 76-year-old Sheila says that petty things must be overlooked. \"There are ups and down. But in a marriage there has to be a give and take. After all, we take our partner for better or for worse.\"Her husband of over half a century, 86-year-old James understands and nods his approval. \"We have done nothing extraordinary. We have lived a simple life. We have stuck by the precepts of our faith.\" But he ribs Sheila, \"I'm not a fellow who talks too much. Ninety percent of talking is done by my wife.\"If Sheila and James kept it simple, 74-year-old Mulraj Seth and 69-year-old Bharti of Gurgaum Chowpatty say there has to be love and patience in a marriage. After living as husband and wife for 46 years, Mulraj and Bharti seem to have endured it and say that they draw their inspiration from Mulraj's parents Jayantilal (97) and Chanchalben (92) who completed their platinum jubilee in January 2010 and subsequently passed away.\"I never heard my parents quarrel. They understood each other without even speaking,\" Mulraj says but adds that he and Bharti have small arguments, only to patch up. \"You have to trust each other. Today's couples have no patience. The way they fight is as if one person has to die in the battle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114492", "title": "\u2018Halfway homes\u2019 to allow prisoners to live with kin", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jails are set to be a home away from home? If all goes well, inmates of the open air prison, Anantapur, can call over their families to stay with them for a few days. They will have a room with a verandah and also a kitchen where they can cook food of their choice.A plan has been drawn up to construct, what is called, `halfway home' so that inmates can continue to have strong family ties while they are serving a prison term for their crimes. Earlier, such a facility had been planned for the open air jail at Cherlapalli. For the open air jail at Anantapur, a foreign NGO showed interest to fund construction of rooms for the families of prisoners.With the state government also showing inclination for such an experiment, prisons department authorities have chalked out a plan for facilitating prisoners to stay with their families for about three days. The jail is spread over 1400 acres and, presently, accommodates 200 prisoners though there is enough space for 235. The inmates mostly work in 750-acre agriculture land. Apart from tending to mango orchards, they raise groundnut crop and grow vegetables.\"As it is prisoners with good behaviour are sent to open jails. If they are allowed to have strong family ties, it could help in their further reformation. It may take some time for the rooms to be constructed with monetary help from NGOs,\" Addl IG, prisons, B Sunil Kumar said.The inmates are quite excited about the proposal. Anantapur open air jail superintendent I Srinivasa Rao told TOI that the `reunion homes' as the proposed rooms in the jail will also be referred to as, will provide the inmates an opportunity to spend quality time with their families.During the 'mulakat' prisoners can only spend some time with a visitor but the `halfway home' or a 'reunion home' will only make the family bond stronger. The experiment will be somewhat like the system reportedly existing in the jail at Singaner in Rajasthan. In the Singaner jail, prison inmates live with their families and work in the prison fields. In the Anantapur jail, families can only visit the inmates for a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115265", "title": "Art of Living campaign", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Art of Living will conduct a nationwide \"Meditate India\" initiative aimed at raising awareness about the benefits of meditation and providing an opportunity for people to internalize meditation in their lifestyle. Launched on May 13, which also is the birthday of The Art of Living founder, Sri Sri Ravi Shankar, the initiative will educate people that meditation is \"Healthy to learn and easy to practice\" and results in good health, peace and happiness.The campaign will see people from all walks of life coming together to share some moments of silence through guided meditations at around 1,700 centres in India. The free meditation camps will be conducted in residential localities, corporate houses, schools, colleges and parks all over India. The \"Meditate India\" initiative will help in reducing stress and create a positive attitude towards accepting challenges.The initiative will run from May 13 to 31. A blood donation camp at Rotary Club in Sector 37 will be held on Sunday. Also meditation session will be held on Sunday for 600 inmates in Burail Jail and 250 children in Snehalya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13116358", "title": "Tiger found dead in Bandhavgarh Tiger Reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: A young tiger was found dead in the tourist zone of Bandhavgarh tiger reserve in the eastern part of Madhya Pradesh on Saturday, officials said. The 2-year-old tiger was apparently killed in a territorial fight, according to the initial report from the reserve.\"When a cub turns young, it looks for a territory of his own to settle down,\" additional principal chief conservator of forests Suhas Kumar told TOI. Other tiger in the area must have killed the young one, he claimed adding that a detailed report regarding the cause of the death could be obtained only by Sunday morning.Bandhavgarh reserve director C K Patil and his deputy Mridul Pathak couldn't be contacted over the phone as they were on the visit to the spot in the park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119606", "title": "Aamir &amp; Ramu must rectify their mistakes: Hariharan", "text": "This Kerala-born, Tamilian singer has mastered the nuances of Marathi language very well, and even dares you to speak to him in his 'Karma bhasha'.This is probably the reason why his rendition of Jeev Rangla in Marathi film Jogwa, got Hariharan the National Award. \"\"I've also enjoyed singing the Marathi number in Hello Jai Hind, which was Ilaiyaraaja's composition.\"\" With this, Padma Shri Hariharan settles down to a relaxed rendezvous...Of singing &amp; actingHe has won awards consistently in regional films, but he has been absent from Bollywood. \"\"The USP of voice has changed in B'town today. Voice is used more as an element of sound, whereas singing and poetry have taken a back seat. Hence, the offers coming my way are limited,\"\" says he. But, if he ever got a song like Pungi, would he do it? \"\"Arre toh main pungi baja doonga na! It's fun, yet it's more of acting and not singing,\"\" says Hari, adding, \"\"but, Bollywood has its own importance, which can't be negated. And I'm looking forward to the song that I've rendered for Akshay Kumar in his forthcoming film Oh My God.\"\"The villain actIf he's happy with the way his singing career is going, Hari is quite excited about his acting stint in a Malayalam film. \"\"I have worked in three regional films earlier, and now I'm looking forward to my stint as a villain in a forthcoming Malayalam film. I'm playing a suave , well-dressed and 'decent' villain there,\"\" says he with a laugh. And will he also sing in this film? \"\"Nah! Villains don't sing,\"\" says he with yet another hearty laugh.Make amendsAnd being a staunch protector of copyrights, what is his take about the copyright infringement accusations made against Aamir Khan's and Ram Gopal Varma's respective production houses? He replies without any hesitation: \"\"Whether it's Ramu or Aamir, they must rectify their mistakes! Whether it's paying compensation to the aggrieved party or apologising publically, they must make amends for the wrong done!\"\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115781", "title": "Furniture shop razed in hour-long fire", "text": "KOLKATA: A fire broke out at a furniture showroom on VIP Road on Saturday evening. Though nobody was hurt, it took about an hour-and-a-half for 10 fire engines to douse the flames.The fire broke out around 5.30pm. The staff ran to their safety after the shop was engulfed in smoke. The showroom was gutted and all the furniture was ravaged. But the loss is yet to be ascertained. Fire officials suspect that a short circuit may have triggered the fire. Forensic experts will visit the spot on Sunday to probe the incident. Also, fire officials will evaluate if there were proper firefighting devices in the showroom.In a separate incident, a jute packaging factory at Dhulagari in Sankrail was gutted on Saturday early morning. Smoke was spotted around 5.30am. Five fire engines were pressed into action and it took about three hours to control the flames. The factory being shut no one was hurt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114029", "title": "Mahagenco in red as Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited dues touch Rs 2,200 crore", "text": "NAGPUR: The poor performance of power distributor MSEDCL is making life increasing difficult for generator Mahagenco as the dues have touched a whopping Rs 2,200 crore. Some Genco officials feared that this may affected company's generation as it was finding it difficult to pay the coal suppliers. The company has informed the state government about its problem.Mahagenco sources said the company was running the show by taking short term loans totalling hundreds of crores from banks. \"We are being regularly told by coal companies that they would reduce our supplies unless we cleared dues. We have lost credibility as we have failed to pay up after repeated promises,\" they said.While MSEDCL has promised Genco to find a way out, generation officials are not very hopeful as MSEDCL itself was in a precarious financial condition. The distributor has made a working capital arrangement with a consortium of banks with an overdraft of Rs 1,200 crore. In addition, it had taken short term loans totalling Rs 2,000 crore.MSEDCL's efforts to mitigate the problem failed as Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) refused to allow it to recover Rs 750 crore from consumers by increasing fuel surcharge. Now the company will have to wait for some months before the tariff increases. A senior official said that the situation was deteriorating by the day. \"Three years ago MSEDCL's dues were about Rs 700 to 800 crore. Now they have reached Rs 2,200 crore. The figure is increasing every month as MSEDCL never pays the bills. It has to pay the private companies immediately. NTPC and Dabhol too do not tolerate delay in payment. Being a sister concern of MSEDCL, we have to pay the price of the distributor's inefficiency,\" he added.Interestingly, MSEDCL is making more areas load-shedding free as its dues towards Genco and banks increase. However, it has taken a very strong stand against high loss areas. One of the major problem areas for the distributor is arrears, which have touched Rs 15,000 crore.The company has not been able to recover money from defaulters. In the coming days, MSEDCL's action against defaulters will be a major factor in deciding Genco's financial health.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13125471", "title": "Board to verify medical leave applications of cops", "text": "KOLLAM: Police personnel taking medical leaves to skip tough assignments will have to look for smarter options now. City police has constituted a medical board to check their medical leave applications.The first meeting of the medical board will be held from May 21 to 23 in the city. The board will comprise the district medical officer and two other senior government physicians.\"The applicant will have to come for the examination with medical records. If the doctors are not satisfied with the applicant's claims, leave won't be granted,\" said a source.This move has been initiated by the city police commissioner following a complaint filed by a sub inspector.He alleged that his subordinate officers were continuously taking medical leave by submitting medical certificates, which in turn hinder the proper functioning of the police station.Kollam city police commissioner Debesh Kumar Behera said that a small section of police officers were resorting to such means. \"Section 114 B in the Police Service Rule clearly states that strict action should be taken against anybody pretending to be sick to avoid duty\" said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13115587", "title": "Compound wall around Rockfort temple collapses", "text": "TRICHY: Two days of rain in Trichy took a toll on the Uchi Pillayar Temple atop the Rockfort as a part of the compound wall around the temple caved in with the debris falling on houses at the foot of the hillock. However, a spokesperson of the Tiruchirappalli Corporation told TOI that no casualties were reported and that the houses were encroachments.The compound wall collapsed as it had become damp and weak after the rain in the city for the past two days. Residents initially thought a boulder had fallen from the historic hillock which is said to be one of the oldest formations in the world. The Malaikottai councilor V Ayyappan told TOI that when the debris fell from a height of 150 feet, the alarmed people for a moment thought they had been struck by a quake. According to Ayyappan, accumulated plastic bags and bottles carelessly thrown into the drain by tourists along the compound wall had blocked the draining of rain water. The stored water thrust a portion of the 12 feet long wall down, causing the accident, he said.There are a number of residential structures built on what the corporation considers rock area but the exact number of unauthorized structures was not immediately known. There are three temples on the hillock: the Manikka Vinayagar temple, the Thayumanavar koil- a rock cut temple dedicated to the Nayak era saint by the same name, both at the foot of the hill, and Uchi Pillayar temple on the top. In addition to this, the rock also has a projection that is dedicated to a lingam of Mathrubutheswarar and is reached by a flight of steps on the way to the temple atop.Joint commissioner of HR &amp; CE for the district, Ilamparithi told TOI that he was in Chennai when the freak accident occurred and would visit the spot on Sunday to get first hand information. Fissures had been noticed on the supportive rock on top of the Pillaiyar temple and since it gave the impression of widening with the passage of time, people got alarmed. It was attributed to the trees that thrived from the fissures on the rock. The present compound wall had been built way back in 1990 and many considered that the wall had already outlived its utility.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13116079", "title": "University Registrar, controller wish to step down", "text": "MALDA: Faced with political pressure from the ruling party, controller of examination and other officials of Gour Banga University are planning to step down from their posts. The decision came after the Trinamool Congress-backed Gour Banga Siksha o Sanskriti Unnayan Mancha and Teachers' Union reportedly postponed the University Council (UC) meeting which was slated to be held on Saturday. The university officials are now waiting for the new vice-chancellor, Achintya Biswas, to take charge.Saturday's meeting was the last one that was to be convened by outgoing VC Gopa Dutta. Important issues like confirmation of the post of inspector of colleges (IC), forming a committee for recruitment of Group D staff and release of two teachers who are to join another university, were to be discussed at the meet.Gour Banga Siksha o Sanskriti Unnayan Mancha and Teachers' Union, backed by the Trinamool, however, alleged that Dutta wanted to hold the meeting to regularize the anomalies during her tenure. \"It is unethical on the part of the VC to settle these issues when she is on the verge of leaving the university. In fact, she is making a desperate attempt to confirm Apurba Chakraborty's appointment for the post of IC because she has some vested interest,\" alleged Somsankar Sinha and Dilip Debnath. They hence approached the education department and forced them to postpone the meeting.Dutta chose to steer clear from the controversy. \"The government had asked me to postpone the meeting and it was cancelled,\" she said.Officials of the university, however, took offence to this decision of calling off the meeting. \"There was nothing unusual in calling such meetings of UC by the outgoing vice-chancellor. It was scheduled long back. If such political intervention goes on, we can hardly work here any more\", said an official. Registrar in charge S Bairagya and controller of examination, R K De also expressed their wish to resign.It may be recalled that earlier Registrar had to resign on the face of assault of the TMC backed students union and academicians. Chakraborty, on his confirmation, said, \"As per section 31/4 of university guideline I was automatically confirmed in the post of IC as I served this post provisionally for more than a year.\" However, he eschewed of commenting on postponement of the UC meeting.Now on the face of political pressure from the ruling party Registrar, Controller of Examination and other officials of University of Gour Banga are planning to step down en masse. The decision came with the postponement of University Council (UC) meeting that was to be held today. The 'unwanted political pressure' being the reason, the officials are waiting for the new Vice Chancellor (VC)to take the charge.It may be recalled that Achintya Biswas is going to take charge of VC on Monday from the outgoing VC Gopa Dutta.Meeting of UC that was to take place today in Kolkata was supposed to be the last meeting of Dutta as VC. Important agendas like confirmation of Inspector of Colleges (IC), making a committee for recruitment of the Group-D staff, releasing two teachers for joining another university were to be settled today's meeting. But Trinamool Congress backed Gourbanga Siksha o Sanskriti Unnayan Mancha and TMC backed Teachers' Union smelt rat in such procedure. They alleged that Dutta wanted to regularize number of anomalies in the meeting before her departure. Somsankar Sinha, Dilip Debnath and others alleged, \"It was most unethical that VC on the verge of her going has taken up so many issues. In fact Apurba Chakraborty's appointment in the post of IC was not beyond question. Now the desperate attempt to confirm him in his post had shown certain vested interest.\" Apart from showing their dissent, they approached the Education Department and forced the postponement of the meeting. Dutta said, \"Govt had asked me to postpone the meeting and it was cancelled\", without disclosing the reason behind it.\"However, sharp reaction came from officials of the university. \"There was nothing unusual in calling such meetings of UC by outgoing VC. It was scheduled long back. If such political intervention goes on, we can hardly work here any more\", said an official. Registrar in Charge S Bairagya, Controller of Examination R K De already expressed their wish to resign. It may be recalled that earlier Registrar had to resign on the face of assault of the TMC backed students union and academicians. Chakraborty, on his confirmation, said, \"As per section 31/4 of university guideline I was automatically confirmed in the post of IC as I served this post provisionally for more than a year.\" However, he eschewed of commenting on postponement of the UC meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115471", "title": "Caste cast as important factor in upcoming elections", "text": "Nashik: The city would be reduced to a battleground of ugly casteist mudslinging during the Lok Sabha and legislative assembly elections due in 2014 appears to be imminent, considering the happenings in the run-up to the upcoming members of legislative council elections scheduled on May 25.During the 2009 Lok Sabha and assembly polls, the late NCP MLC Vasant Pawar was the most vocal voice against one of the NCP founders, and now the guardian minister of Nashik, Chhagan Bhujbal , has taken over that role. The bickering had taken a casteist turn with Maratha leaders teaming up against Bhujbal, who is an OBC leader. Nevertheless, Bhujbal not only managed to get himself re-elected from the Yeola assembly constituency, but also got his son Pankaj elected as MLA of Nandgaon and nephew Sameer as Nashik's MP. Sameer had been given a ticket for the Lok Sabha, depriving MP and Maratha leader Devidas Pingale of a fresh term.The victory established the Bhujbal clan as the most powerful political family of Nashik, much to the chagrin of detractors. In turn, the Bhujbals followed the beaten track of powerful politicians and, in the process, received flak for encouraging gangsters like Suhas Kande, who is currently externed from Nashik.After Vasant Pawar's death in 2010, Jayant Jadhav, a Maratha politician but an aide of Bhujbal senior, was nominated in the then MLC bypoll and got elected. Jadhav, who has completed his stint as an MLC, has been re-nominated for a full term in the upcoming polls, inviting ire from some Congress leaders, including the most vocal critic of Bhujbal in Nashik, Manikrao Kokate, who is the Congress MLA from Sinnar. Kokate had asked his aide Rajendra Chavanke to file nomination papers as an independent, in an overt bid to scuttle the winning changes of Jadhav. It took several rounds of talks between Congress and NCP leaders and a special meeting between chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and Kokate on the eve of the last day of withdrawal of nominations, to persuade Kokate to ask Chavanke to withdraw from the fray, as it would affect the winning chances of Congress candidates depending on NCP support elsewhere in the state. Though the storm appears to have blown over, with Bhujbal and Kokate claiming that the hatchet has been buried, another local Congress leader Dinkar Patil has become vocal against Bhujbal. Complaining of 'excesses' committed by the boisterous Bhujbal senior, he said that though Jadhav would get re-elected, it would be on Maratha votes, for which Bhujbal senior would have no right to claim any credit.He has also pointed out that even OBC leaders, like Gajanan Shelar, were not happy with Bhujbal and had joined the Marathas.Shelar was the NCP's Nashik city unit president and after his defeat in the recent municipal polls had attributed it to petty politics played by the Bhujbal clan in general and Sameer Bhujbal in particular. He later quit the party saying that he would accept only Ajit Pawar as his leader. Shelar is now a joint secretary of NCP's state unit.The happenings indicate that the bitter and ugly campaigning witnessed during the 2009 polls might stage a comeback in the 2014 polls, given the high stakes involved for all.Vying for creditThat politicians clamour for credit at the slightest opportunity of masquerading as the messiahs of the masses is no secret and it is applicable to netas of all hues. Nashik's politicians are no exception. From splashing their names on bus shelters and community halls to indicate that whatever they have done, albeit from public funds on most occasions, is something outstanding, they are now all set to encash on the drought situation.Water tankers deployed in some thirsty villages of Nandgaon tehsil, which is the constituency of NCP MLA and guardian minister of Nashik Chhagan Bhujbal's son Pankaj Bhujbal, looked like circus elephants that are taken around town to announce the arrival of the circus. The tankers carry banners pasted all over them, announcing that the water was being supplied by the MLA and that it was a public service by the Bhujbal Foundation. The intention was obviously to drive home the point that the Bhujbals were the messiahs of the thirsty rustics.Pankaj was following the footsteps of his cousin and Nashik Lok Sabha MP Sameer, who had, a few months ago, renovated the Nimani bus stand in Panchvati area from his MPLAD funds and erected a huge arch announcing that it was done by him. It is another thing that the renovated paraphernalia could not withstand the first premonsoon showers and was damaged, indicating the quality of work executed as an outstanding achievement of the MP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13124916", "title": "Hope floats for cleaner Surat railway station", "text": "SURAT: On black spot on the otherwise developing Surat city is its underdeveloped and filthy railway station, which is leaving a bitter impression among travelers.However, the shabby station may soon be a thing of the past. Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) has proposed to the railways that it is willing to take up the clean-up job of the station.The proposal was put forward in a meeting between western railway general manager, Mahesh Kumar, mayor Raju Desai and standing committee chairman Bhimji Patel.The railways has orally accepted the proposal.\"If SMC sends a letter to this regard, the divisional railway manager will give them a written acceptance,\" said Kumar.SMC has asked the railways to pay the civic body the amount they are spending for the cleaning at present. SMC has agreed to bear any additional expenditure and promised to make the station free of filth.\"The filthy railway station and the slums nearby are a big hindrance to beautiful and clean Surat. We know despite awarding the tenders for cleaning and brushing, railways is not doing it's job and that is why we have shown willingness,\" said PatelSeveral attempts by various citizen groups, Facebook campaigns and even political representations to improve the condition of the city railway station till now has fallen on deaf ears. Even after then railways minister Mamata Banerjee announced Surat to be developed as one of the 100 world class railway stations, very little has taken place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115821", "title": "Kolkata: Up for cartoons or fashion? Just go for it", "text": "KOLKATA: For undergraduate aspirants in Kolkata, it's no longer a toss-up between humanities and sciences. The choice of courses has widened with the expanding spectrum of careers. Now, there's more to explore and enroll for than just physics, chemistry, English or math. Specialized courses like microbiology, biotechnology and even molecular biology are as seriously considered as the physics honours course would be 10 years ago. Fashion designing or animation courses now open up lucrative career options and have students flocking to join them. Parents, too, are willing to let their wards choose courses that would be labeled unconventional a decade ago.Microbiology is now a cutting-edge science stream that thousands are opting for. St Xavier's College and Gurudas College offer the course while Asutosh College will introduce it this year. Biochemistry, too, is popular with students who would earlier opt for a conventional science subject. \"These are advanced areas of science that open up scope for research. It really makes no sense studying a physics or chemistry honours course any longer. They are dated,\" said Samrat Moitra, a Class-XII science student who is aiming for a biotechnology course.Molecular biology, for instance, has been much sought after in APC College where it's offered as a 'major' course. Biotechnology, academics point out, is the subject of the future. \"It will lead students to uncharted territories. No wonder many prefer it over botany or zoology. But the scope is still limited in our country,\" said a senior Presidency University teacher. The university offers the course at the undergraduate level.Even journalism is no longer a mere career option, but a regular undergraduate course as well. Asutosh College, Muralidhar College and Netaji Nagar Women's College are among those which offer it as a regular three-year degree course. Each of these colleges is flooded with applications every year.Students are now ready to explore their areas of interest. They rather go by their aptitude than let themselves be guided by convention. National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT) - one of the country's leading fashion institutes - offers undergraduate courses in design and technology in Kolkata. Each has around 30 seats for which students are selected through a fiercely competitive national entrance test. More than a thousand took the test in Kolkata this year.A diploma in textile designing at the Bhawanipur Education Society, for instance, is a big draw. Thousands apply for the full-time course every year. Fashion design and advanced fashion design courses at the college have been growing in popularity each year as well. Even though placement is not guaranteed and graduates often struggle to find employment, it offers them a chance to do what they are good at. \"Job prospects can't be bright for every fashion course. But those who are good can obviously make it. The training helps,\" said Bharti Moitra of the National Institute of Fashion Technology (NIFT).Those hooked to animation can now choose from a wide array of courses that at least three institutes in Kolkata offer. You have got to have a technological bent of mind, though and must be at home with computers. More than 2,000 youngsters enroll for animation courses in the city every year. Arena Multimedia, one of the institutes, even offers a degree course. Most students opt for animation alongside a regular course. \"We get more than 600 applicants every year and the number is growing. A good number find employment as graphic designers at studios in Mumbai, Chennai and Bangalore,\" said Koushik Majumdar, assistant general manager of Arena, which has 10 centres in Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13116596", "title": "'Resolution on liquor vends must be respected'", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Union minister of rural development Jairam Ramesh has said that a panchayat's resolution of not allowing a liquor vend in their village must be respected by the state government at all costs.Appreciating TOI's campaign \"brewing trouble\" which highlights the plight of villages where the \"no liquor vend\" resolution has not cut ice with the state government, Ramesh said that he would take up the matter at the level of the central government.\"This is a matter of grave concern that the state government is not allowing villages to have vends removed from their villages. I will ask the panchayat minister to take cognizance of this and will also take it up with Punjab CM on how unacceptable this is,\" said Jairam Ramesh, speaking to TOI.TOI has been running a campaign \"brewing trouble\" for the past over a year, highlighting the plight of villagers where the SAD-BJP government has forced liquor vends in villages even though the village panchayats have given resolutions to the district authorities that they want the vends closed. Nearly 70 village panchayats have given such resolutions to the authorities but vends have been shut down at less than 10 places.SAD-BJP has projected excise and taxation as the main source of revenue in the state. While in 2010-2011, revenue worth Rs 2,500 crore was generated from sale of liquor in the state; in 2011-2012, the revenue generated is nearly Rs 3,000 crore and is set to only escalate in 2012-2013 financial year.\"This problem was seen in Andhra Pradesh as well,\" said Jairam Ramesh. \"Revenue generation cannot be an acceptable reason for not allowing panchayat have its will of not having a vend in their village fulfilled.\"Leader of opposition in Vidhan Sabha Sunil Jakhar of Congress said, \"One of the main reasons for not doing away with liquor vends in villages is the fact that most of the liquor business in the state is being run by politicians in power or their cronies.\"One of the prime reasons for the village panchayat's resolution in Punjab, known for its famous Patiala Peg, is the mounting number of liver failure cases due to alcoholism in villages. With the state government-run hospitals not equipped to deal with the alarming health crisis, a large number of villagers have been forced to sell off their lands to raise money for the expensive treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115952", "title": "Boehringer keen to clear its name in Boldenone issue", "text": "MUMBAI: Boehringer Ingelheim, the Germany-based manufacturer of the equine feed supplement , some of the products of which were declared to have been contaminated with anabolic steroid Boldenone by the Maharashtra Food and Drug Administration (FDA) recently, has said that it is working to clear its name from the controversy.Four horses were disqualified and their trainers were suspended last year by the Royal Western India Turf Club (RWITC) after the horses' urine samples were been found to have traces of the steroid.Pesi Shroff, one of the three trainers suspended, had claimed that Boehringer's feed supplements were the source of the steroid and even dragged RWITC to court.\"We have been informed by the FDA about the presence of Boldenone in our products. We are in the process of evaluating samples of these products to determine the facts of this matter. We await the detailed test reports from independent sources with relevant test procedures and references used by the FDA so that we may understand the basis of their initial assessment,\" said Anand Kadkol, head of communications, Boehringer Ingelheim.\"We are in the process of receiving opinions and reports from internationally-accredited laboratories and experts in the field regarding the quality of feed supplements. We are working closely with all concerned authorities and will provide all the necessary information to quickly resolve all questions,\" Kadkol added.The manufacturer has claimed that they have been marketing the Equitop range of feed supplements in over 20 countries which observe stringent doping controls with respect to horse racing.In the past 12 years that the products have been commercially available, it has not received any complaint about steroidal contamination in any of the products.Meanwhile, sources say it was rare for FDA to test the feed supplements outside the state of Maharashtra and that too, at the same lab based in Hyderabad which had certified the supplements as having traces of Boldenone when Shroff approached it last year!\"It is very rare that Maharashtra FDA had tested them out of the state, as it is not the usual practice,\" said an ex-joint commissioner of Maharashtra FDA.Sources say this raises doubts on the veracity of the FDA report. \"You can't expect the same lab to contradict its earlier positive findings which it had submitted to Shroff last year,\" say sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13113963", "title": "Hilfenhaus bowled an unplayable delivery: Sehwag", "text": "CHENNAI: Delhi Daredevils captain Virender Sehwag conceded that the delivery that Ben Hilfenhaus bowled to clean him up was an \"unplayable\" one while winning captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni lauded his boys for playing \"authentic cricket.\"Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in Pics | Top performers of IPL\"Full credit to CSK for the manner in which they played. It was always going to be difficult to defend a total like 115. As far as my footwork goes, I don't need to change anything but Hilfenhaus bowled an unplayable delivery. It was swinging away which you couldn't have done anything about,\" Sehwag told at the post-match presentation ceremony.Daredevils are still leading the table and Sehwag is banking on the two home matches out of their next three encounters to make a smooth entry into the play-offs.\"We have two matches against Kings XI and RCB at home and hopefully we will win those to make it to the play-offs.\"Dhoni on his part said that when a team chases low total it is imperative that the openers give a good start.\"We needed to get a good start and play the new ball well. Also we needed to play shots off loose deliveries. We needed to play authentic cricket. Hussey and Vijay gave us good start,\" Dhoni said.Asked about Hilfenhaus' bowling, Dhoni said that the Aussie pacer gives the team extra spark.\"It was not swinging too much after the first couple of overs, so we needed to keep Hilfenhaus for the death overs. He has given us that extra spark. With Albie bowling well with him and openers doing well too, it augurs well for us.\"Man-of-the-match Hilfenhaus on his part said that he did \"enjoy\" bowling that delivery to Sehwag but is happy that they have performed well as a unit.\"Obviously, good to start well and put them under pressure. I would be lying if I said I did not enjoy that (Sehwag's dismissal) one. We did well as a group. But I still need to improve my bowling at the death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114933", "title": "Save Pune Traffic Movement to fight for safety of pedestrians, two-wheeler riders", "text": "PUNE: The Save Pune Traffic Movement (SPTM) which launched a road safety initiative titled 'Save 100 lives' in January, has decided to focus on proper road infrastructure for the safety of pedestrians and two-wheeler users. The SPTM is also planning to put up hoardings displaying the number of road fatalities in the city.Over 400 people are killed in road accidents in the city every year. Harshad Abhyankar and Rajendra Sidhaye of the SPTM said that nearly 50% of the total casualties are two-wheeler riders, while one-third of them are pedestrians. The SPTM, he said, is focusing on these categories in its campaign. The traffic police, municipal authorities, other government departments and citizens are involved in the campaign. The PMC's signal maintenance team under additional city engineer Shriniwas Bonala has fixed pedestrian signals at 16 junctions. The work is to be carried out at several other junctions in the ensuing months. The SPTM, Sidhaye said, will take up the work of not just fixing pedestrian signals and marking of zebra crossings, but also set up a process by which pedestrians are guaranteed this basic infrastructure.Welcoming the action taken by the traffic police on two-wheeler riders who do not wear helmets as a second traffic offence, Sidhaye hoped that the action would be stricter in future. The SPTM too would be undertaking a public awareness campaign about the need for use of helmets, Sidhaye said.As part of the campaign, the SPTM would be distributing retro-reflective sticker tapes to school children which they can stick on their school bags or other items. This would help in making them more visible during their movement on roads and streets and would help in averting accidents, Sidhaye said.On putting up hoardings, Sidhaye said that the locations will soon be identified. The boards would help in creating public awareness about road safety and would be a reminder to make the city traffic safe, he added. The SPTM has appealed people to give their suggestions on how they can contribute towards safe traffic. The suggestions can be mailed to save100lives@savepunetraffic.org, Sidhaye said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119077", "title": "I&B; Ministry institutes award for films at IFFI", "text": "To celebrate the 100th year of Indian cinema, the Information and Broadcasting Ministry has instituted a centenary award which will be given to a path- breaking film every year at the International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa.\"The first centenary award would be given to an Indian or international film for breaking new grounds, whether it is in technique, aesthetics or technology, at the IFFI 2012 which will be held in Goa in November this year,\" a senior official told PTI.\"The award will also carry a cash component of Rs 10 lakh,\" the official said.Films in all categories which participate at IFFI would be eligible for the award.The IFFI already has several award categories like Best Film, Best Director, Best Actor, Best Actress and the jury may also give its own special awards.The centenary award is just one the several initiatives that the I&B; Ministry is planning to celebrate 100 years of Indian cinema. The country's first full-length feature film Raja Harishchandra was released on May 3, 1913.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114025", "title": "Threat of Iran war has receded for now: Fareed Zakaria", "text": "Editor-at-large at Time Magazine, columnist at Washington Post and CNN host, Fareed Zakaria has been called the most influential foreign policy advisor of his generation. He talks to Vrushali Haldipur about Iran being a rational actor, the future of Arab Spring and the resilience of the media. ExcerptsIn recent months, there has been talk of a potential Israel-US war with Iran. What is your assessment of the situation?I think we were in a very dangerous situation a few months ago. The Obama administration had been highly effective in putting pressure on Iran partly because they were acting multilaterally and those sanctions work only if countries like Turkey, Russia were to enforce them. Then they ratcheted it up to include the central bank and oil, so the pressure on Iran was building up dramatically and you could see it in the drop in Iran's currency, which collapsed 60%.They have now opened the negotiating path with the P5+1. The Iranians have signaled that they might be willing to compromise, so we are in a much better place now. Most importantly, the Israel military has sent a signal saying that they are uncomfortable with a strike anytime soon.I have been criticized for saying that Iran is a rational actor and that they're not mad messianic people trying to commit mass suicide. But now you have the head of the Israeli military saying the same thing - that the Iranians are rational, they are probably being deterred on building a nuclear weapon as opposed to nuclear capacity. So, all of that suggests that the temperature is cooling down.Is the US uncomfortable with the kind of democracy that is evolving in the Arab world?The way I would put it is that the US has been quick to recognize the forces at work in the Arab Spring. Remember, it took almost two years for the Reagan administration to abandon Ferdinand Marcos , and the Clinton administration over a year to abandon Suharto in Indonesia . In Egypt , the Obama administration moved to a position of encouraging regime change in about four weeks, so they recognized the forces at work there pretty quickly.They intervened in Libya in a limited but effective fashion and they have been encouraging the forces of democracy there. But I think that the whole process is throwing up new voices and new political actors, some of whom are worrying and disturbing. If you listen to some of them and their views on women , on foreigners, or on peace, they're quite disturbing.These countries have been ruled for 40-50 years by repressive dictatorships - and when you open a Pandora's Box, a lot of unpalatable stuff comes out. But I think that Egypt, Tunisia and Morocco will find their balance. Things can look pretty bad in the first year or two when democracy is established.How has the US adapted to the realities of what you have called a post-American world?I think that under the Bush administration the US was largely not handling it well. It did not reflect the realities of a changing world, of what I call in my book 'the rise of the rest' -India, China, Turkey, Brazil and other countries. I think the Obama administration has been much better in that regard. They fundamentally do understand that we are in a new world; they are more multilateral. That's why US relations with the major as well as emerging powers have improved.More importantly, can it adapt economically to the rise of the rest? I believe it can. The five-year forecast by the IMF shows the US will grow 50% faster than Germany. Of course, it will not have growth rates like India and China, but it doesn't need to - it starts with a $15-trillion economy. The American tech sector remains the most dynamic in the world. In 2050, America's demographics will be substantially better than China's. So I think the US can take advantage of the rise of the rest.US newspapers are plagued with falling revenues. In contrast, newspapers in India aren't doing that bad. How do you see the future of the media?What's fundamentally changing the economics of the print media is the alternative sources from which people can get their news. First cable news and then the internet - the most profound challenge for many newspapers that has almost destroyed their business model. In India, those forces are not working the same way. High-speed internet access in India is poorer than in the West and you have not had the proliferation of sophisticated websites. It will be a while before India will get so connected that it will pose a fundamental business challenge to newspapers.But media in general is thriving. The news media is sometimes written off as being in a structural decline in the way that the horse and carriage industry was in decline with the introduction of cars. That is not the case. There is still fundamentally huge demand for the product.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur (maharashtra)", "code": "13120482", "title": "Would like to have Gen VK Singh in our team: Anna Hazare", "text": "CHANDRAPUR (MAHARASHTRA): Anna Hazare has expressed that he would welcome like-minded people like General VK Singh after his retirement as army chief to be a part of his team to fight corruption.Hazare said he would be happy to have General Singh as a part of this team, if the Army chief was interested in joining it.\"I am personally not inclined to ask or request anyone to join our agitation against corruption but we have fought two wars - one against Pakistan and the other against Bangladesh during my service in the Army, now we have to fight the enemy within us\", he said.\"And we need like minded people in our team and if interested, General VK Singh is welcome to join us after his retirement. It would be his choice\", Anna told reporters last evening when they asked him whether he would like to invite General Singh to join his team.\"Anna's invite to General V K is most appropriate. Imagine if ex-servicemen join Anna they can become a formidable voice against corruption\", Team Anna member Kiran Bedi tweeted today.Last month, Team Anna member Arvind Kejriwal while extending support to Gen Singh had said that they were sure that the Army chief will take a decision on what he will do after retirement on May 31.The anti-corruption crusader is currently touring Maharashtra to campaign for a strong Lokayukta Act in the state.He also said that the government was unwilling to bring the Right to Information (RTI) Act into force, but had budged after several years of agitation and implemented it in Maharashtra in 2002, and it was later brought into force throughout the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "palanpur", "code": "13125124", "title": "Two killed, 25 hurt in bus accident near Ambaji", "text": "PALANPUR: Two people were killed and 25 others injured when a bus belonging to Ghanshyam Travels of Amreli overturned at Trishulia Ghat some 12 km from temple town Ambaji in Banaskantha district on Sunday.\"The bus passengers are from Amreli, Halwad, Dhangdhra, Surendranagar and Morbi,\" said Ashok Kumar Yadav, superintendent of police, Banaskantha.The deceased have been identified as Chetan Arjanbhai (22) and Dinesh Mavajibhai (32).\"Blood loss was main reason for the death of the two persons,\" said Dr Sanjay Chaudhry of Civil Hospital, Banaskantha. Orthopaedic surgeon Ajay Yadav had to amputate one arm of an injured person. Several injured had fractured their bones in the accident. However, they all are out of danger, said incharge civil surgeon S N Patel. \"We had just reached Trishulia Ghat when the bus overturned,\" said Praveen Prajapati, a cook, who was accompanying the passengers. \"This was the fag end of our Char Dham yatra to Kedareshwar, Gangotri, Jamnotri and Badrinath. It is destiny that the accident had to happened when we had almost reached our home,\" said Kanchanben Lakhatriya, a Morbi resident.\"We were to go home in Saurashtra after paying a visit to Narayan Sarovar in Kutch, Somnath, Dwarka and Junagadh,\" said Jagdish Karjniya.There were 30 passengers, including women , in the bus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13114195", "title": "Board to verify medical leave applications of cops", "text": "KOLLAM: Police personnel taking medical leaves to skip tough assignments will have to look for smarter options now. City police has constituted a medical board to check their medical leave applications.The first meeting of the medical board will be held from May 21 to 23 in the city. The board will comprise the district medical officer and two other senior government physicians.\"The applicant will have to come for the examination with medical records. If the doctors are not satisfied with the applicant's claims, leave won't be granted,\" said a source.This move has been initiated by the city police commissioner following a complaint filed by a sub inspector.He alleged that his subordinate officers were continuously taking medical leave by submitting medical certificates, which in turn hinder the proper functioning of the police station.Kollam city police commissioner Debesh Kumar Behera said that a small section of police officers were resorting to such means. \"Section 114 B in the Police Service Rule clearly states that strict action should be taken against anybody pretending to be sick to avoid duty\" said the commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114803", "title": "Weather turns pleasant as rainfall quenches parts of Rajasthan", "text": "JAIPUR: Weather took a pleasant change on Saturday when majority of places in the state witnessed mild to moderate showers. Mercury took a dip across the state following the dust storms and rains. However Phalodi remained hottest in the state recorded a maximum temperature of 43.0 degree celsius, the met reports said on Saturday.Jaipurites woke up to a bit warmer morning as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 24.0 degree celsius. It was followed by a pleasant afternoon as the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 37.8 degree celsius, almost 2 degrees below the normal maximum temperature. Many parts of the city also witnessed mild to moderate rains in the afternoon when cloudy conditions also gave respite from the heat. According to the met office Jaipur recorded a rainfall of 1 mm till 5.30 pm on Saturday.Dust storms followed by rain also affected normal life and vehicular traffic as at 4 pm the sky in Jaipur was fully covered by the clouds. Following the rains the evening too was pleasant when people thronged at various hang out joints to enjoy the weather.Attributing the climatic change to the passing of western disturbances the met office said that the same pattern is going to continue in the next 24 hours. Many places in the northern and eastern parts of the state would witness mild to moderate showers in the evening on Sunday.Like, Jaipur many other parts in the state witnessed showers as Kaman in Bharatpur recorded a maximum rainfall of 2 cms and it was followed by Sawai Madhopur and Kaman that recorded a rainfall of 1 cms each.Some parts of the state including Churu witnessed hail storm in the evening.Despite rainfall some parts of the state still witnessed its maximum temperatures above 40 degree celsius included Sringanganagar that witnessed a maximum temperature of 42.0 degree celsius, Kota and Chittorgarh 41.3 degree celsius each, Bikaner and Churu 41.2 degree celsius each.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13120732", "title": "China, Japan, South Korea warn North Korea over N-tests", "text": "BEIJING: China, Japan and South Korea have warned they will not accept new nuclear tests by North Korea, South Korean President Lee Myung-Bak said Sunday.\"Our three countries have agreed that we will not accept further nuclear tests or further provocations from North Korea,\" Lee said after a tripartite meeting in Beijing.Lee met Sunday with Chinese Premier Wen Jiabao and Japanese Prime Minister Yoshihiko Noda for a one-day summit, with the North Korea's nuclear and rocket programs topping the summit agenda, reported RIA Novosti.Wen said the three countries had the pressing task of calming tensions on the Korean peninsula and returning to dialogue.The summit came a month after North Korea unsuccessfully launched a long-range rocket. The rocket fell soon after the takeoff but the liftoff drew international condemnation as it broke a UN ban adopted over concerns that North Korea could use these launches to develop missiles capable of delivering nuclear warheads.Some media reports have said North Korea is preparing for a third underground nuclear test. Satellite images have showed the reclusive communist regime is digging a new tunnel underground in the Punggye-ri nuclear test site in the country's northeast, where it conducted two previous nuclear tests, first in 2006 and then in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115065", "title": "Work on elevated rail plan to start by 2013", "text": "MUMBAI: The railway ministry has fast-tracked the Churchgate-Virar elevated high-speed corridor plan, work on which is expected to begin by December 2013.Officials have begun the process to appoint a legal and financial consultant and finalize the revenue model for the mega project.The project will be implemented through a public-private partnership model by a private entity. \"Financial consultants will be appointed in the next three to four months. It will take another four months for them to prepare bid documents, examine the project's financial viability, recommend a revenue model and help the railways in the bidding process,\" a senior railway official said. \"The railway ministry, the state government and the Prime Minister's office are keen to implement the project as early as possible. Several meetings have been held in the past few days to finalize the plan's broad contours,\" an official added.The financial and legal consultants will be able to finalize the bid document within six months.The deadline for the project is 2019, said officials. The railways and the state government are in the process of finalizing the state support agreement (SSA).\"This is being done to avoid any controversy at the execution stage. The SSA will deal with issues like relief and rehabilitation of project-affected people, shifting of utilities and floor space index for commercial exploitation of land to fund the project,\" a railway official said.The railway ministry conducted a technical feasibility study for introduction of elevated air-conditioned metro services between Churchgate and Virar stations. The study found the project technically feasible and its indicative project cost was Rs 20,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13115179", "title": "Youth slits wrist in police custody", "text": "A 22-year-old resident of Sector 16, Panchkula slit his wrist in police custody on late Saturday evening. The victim, Ravi, was rushed to General Hospital, Sector 6, where his condition is reported to be stable. Ravi was picked in the morning in an eve teasing case.Boy arrested for rape attempt: Police arrested 21-year-old Manu of Mauli Jagran, Manimajra, for attempting to rape a four-year-old on Friday night. Accused was sent in the judicial custody.Cyclist hit by car: A cyclist Vikas Thapa, 2,9 of Sector 43 was injured when he was hit by a speeding car in Sector 17 on Friday night. He is admitted in GMH-16. Car driver Harjit Singh of Hoshiarpur was arrested and his car seized. A case was registered.Clerk gets RI for taking bribe: A Chandigarh court on Saturday awarded two-year rigorous imprisonment and slapped a fine of Rs 15,000 to a government employee for taking bribe last year. Surinder Kumar was working as a clerk in the sub-divisional office in Sector 43.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13114140", "title": "Students present papers on topical issues", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Students from various schools in the city presented papers on various topical issues at a seminar held as part of National Technology Day celebrations in the city on Friday. The programme was jointly organized by Terumo Penpol Limited and Rajiv Gandhi Centre for Biotechnology.A class 10 student, Surya Girish of Chinmaya Vidyalaya School, explored the benefits of Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) in the city in her paper. While BRTS is in full swing in cities like Delhi, Ahmedabad, Jaipur and Vijayawada, Thiruvananthapuram is yet to materialize the project, she said. \"BRTS can regulate the traffic problems and restrict fuel usage. Moreover, it also helps in reducing the carbon content in the atmosphere. In Delhi there are CNG bus systems that prove to be one of the best in the world,\" added Surya.\"Narrow roads, limited stops, restricted accessibilty and high initial costs are some of the factors that challenge the implementation of BRTS here. If these problems are tackled, BRTS would be a successful eco-friendly project in the city,\" she concluded. Other papers presented included child abuse in India by Roshan J Rollands and Ejas Khan from Loyola School, waste management by George Kuriakose and Aanad Gangadher of Loyola School. Mohammed Shiyaz, a class seven student of Government UP School in Vilappilsala talked about the success story of vegetable farming in the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115255", "title": "Crucial works stalled as municipal corporation has no alternative", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The crucial development works of the Chandigarh municipal corporation have come to a halt following a sudden surge in the prices of raw materials. And the civic body has no alternative arrangement to carry on these works.Among the important works which have come to a halt are constructions of Mahila Bhawan, community centre in Sector 48 and construction of various V3 and V6 roads apart from the widening and re-carpeting of roads in almost all parts of the city.The municipal councillors, on the other hand, have cited that the UT engineering wing has purchased the raw material on prevailing rates and it must be urged to resume the development works.Former city mayor and member of finance and contract committee Subash Chawla said, \"UT's engineering department has decided to purchase raw material for shorter periods of three months. But, the municipal corporation is not bothered to chalk out any alternative arrangements, so that public works could be done. Despite there being a clause in norms that prevailing rates should be considered and our repeated requests, the MC has been indifferent.Another municipal councillor Mukesh Bassi, a member of the road committee, said, \"I have personally told officials of the engineering department to follow UT's engineering wing's idea in order to resume the developmental works, but nothing has happened so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13116680", "title": "Brick-kiln school, a non-starter in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: Bhattapathshala ( brick-kiln school) an innovative scheme formulated by the government to ensure proper education for the wards of migrant labourers working in more than 100 brick kilns in Karnal district has proved to be major failure.The much hyped scheme which was started in 2006, with the first brick kiln school coming up in Jhajjar, had been planned under the 'Alternative and Innovative Education scheme of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan'.A survey was conducted by the district authorities in which 500 to 1000 children hailing from poor migrant families from states like West Bengal, Bihar, Jharkhand, Assam, Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Rajasthan had been identified in each six blocks of the district.Despite much publicity, the scheme almost remained a non-starter as only two schools were opened one at Gharonda and the other at Nissing by a Kaithal based NGO. The authorities claimed that the scheme was marred by non-availability of teachers due to which the required number of brick kiln schools could not be set up in the district.There are around 100 brick kilns in the district mostly located along the western Yamuna canal. Each one has around 25 to 60 children in the age group of 6 to 14 for whom this scheme had been formulated.As the Bhattapathshala scheme failed, the authorities came up with another innovative idea to make available transport facility for the school children so that they could be sent to the nearby government school. But this scheme also proved to be a failure as till date no such bus has been made available in the district.The scheme was aimed to save the wards of the brick kiln labourers from getting caught in the vicious cycle of child labour, which is quite common as the owner of the brick kilns, find it quite convenient to hire the kids of labourers already working for cheap wages.A team of assistant block resources coordinators, which recently conducted a survey in the district to examine the Bhattashalas, said, it was a wonderful scheme which could have saved a large number of children from child labour and also enable them to get proper education. But its failure had been quite tragic.M Pandurang, additional deputy commissioner, said the administration had conducted a survey across the district and a draft was prepared to provide bus services for the children at brick kilns. He said the draft had been sent to the senior officials for a final approval, in which the bus service would become a reality. The primary school children would be sent to government schools in a radius of 1 km, while arrangements would be made to send upper primary children to up to 3 km.Last year the government had sanctioned Rs 1800 per child and Rs 25,000 per centre annually, while this year it was raised to Rs 3000 per child and Rs 45000 per centre.Box: Children out of school at brick kilnsNissing 714Nilokheri 444Gharounda 1123karnal 488Indri 232Assandh 639(Out of school children, according to a survey by Assistant Block Resource Coordinators)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114823", "title": "Rain, thundershowers likely: Met department", "text": "PANAJI: A few places in Goa experienced a light drizzle and there are possibilities of light rains or thunder showers, meteorological department sources said.The sky continued to be overcast almost throughout the day on Saturday. A light drizzle was experienced in some areas, especially Valpoi in Sattari.\"Valpoi has been experiencing a light drizzle for the past three days,\" K V Singh, director, meteorological department, said. A rainfall of 2mm was recorded in the town on Thursday.The possibility of light rain or thunder showers has increased with the heavy cloud cover. The met department's forecast states: \"Partly cloudy sky with a possibility of rain or thunder showers in some areas.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13116582", "title": "Jakhar demands probe in funds misuse", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Leader of opposition Sunil Jakhar has demanded a probe in the mismanagement of funds given for centrally-sponsored schemes in Punjab. While the Union minister for rural development ruled out a CBI inquiry, Jairam Ramesh said he would take up the matter with the chief minister.Sunil Jakhar said that a delegation of Congress MPs and MLAs of Punjab met Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and submitted a memorandum at the Parliament chamber on May 8, saying there was a large scale diversion of central funds.\"Finance minister P S Dhindsa has confessed that the state government diverted Rs 2,000 crore from the Centre for various schemes during its earlier tenure. However, ruling out a CBI probe, Ramesh said, \"The Centre cannot order a CBI inquiry on its own. I wanted to do it in UP for MANREGA funds and wrote to Mayawati twice but she did not give permission. In Punjab, I will take it up with the chief minister and have a detail of where all the money was spent.\"Jairam Ramesh, who visited Punjab Bhawan, during his visit to the city, hinted at shake up in Punjab Congress. Talking about Congress' dismal performance in the assembly elections, Jairam Ramesh said, \"SAD was able to effectively pick up lessons from Congress and managed to shed their Jat Sikh image in the state,\" said Ramesh.Congress leader Laal Singh also gave a letter to the minister for rural development highlighting how public distribution system has been outsourced by the SAD-BJP government. \"The state government is allowing a private operator run the subsidies being given by the Centre and make profit out of it. It is a scandal worth Rs 1,000 crore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13115391", "title": "Power cuts make people restless", "text": "LUDHIANA: The unscheduled power cuts for hours together in the city over the past four days have made it difficult for the residents to bear the rising temperature.The power department, however, claims there are no official power cuts being implemented.The unscheduled cuts have been occurring due to system tripping and feeder overloading, because the rising temperature has increased the electricity usage among residents.What is troubling the residents more is the unscheduled cuts, which happen during late night or early morning hours, making it difficult for them to manage things.During winter season, the power department officials claim every year to have repaired the system to avoid problems during summer. But such poor power management which puts residents in trouble is exposing their fake claims, say the residents.A businessman from Haibowal, Pawan Khanna, had a tough time on Friday as there was no electricity for about 7-8 hours.''We weren't even aware as to why power supply was disconnected. There should at least be some schedule if there has to be a regular power cut,'' Khanna said. Simran Kaur, a student from Aggar Nagar, said, ''I keep revising lessons till late night as final exams are going on, but these sudden power cuts have been a disturbance.''Chief engineer of Punjab State Power Corporation Limited (PSPCL) K L Sharma said they haven't imposed any power cuts and even the electricity demand is under control. ''But sometimes, the sudden system failure or tripping of feeders results in such power failures. On Friday night and Saturday morning, heavy wind obstructed the repair works in one such incident,'' he added. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115322", "title": "Finally, 36 buses hit Gurgaon roads", "text": "GURGAON: The intra-city bus service was launched on Saturday and in the first phase, 36 buses will ply in double shifts on the city roads on four routes.Buses were flagged off by the Haryana state transport director general Arun Kumar who said that the bus service in Gurgaon was a long-standing demand of the residents here.The DG said the government has decided to provide a total of 100 buses for the city bus service in Gurgaon. The rest will be provided in a phased manner within the next six months. Out of these, 15 buses are air conditioned, he added.These buses will run on four routes and the passengers will get a bus in approximately every ten minutes. 'When we get all 100 buses, we will start this service on 11 identified routes,\" Arun Kumar said adding that the aim is to cater to the needs of majority of the population here so that they get benefit of internal transport. These buses will ply on city roads daily from 6 am to 11 pm.The four routes which have been made functional are: Gurgaon Bus stand to IFFCO chowk via MG Road, Sikanderpur metro station, Bristol Hotel, Genpact building to Kendriya Vihar and back. Buses on this route will make 80 rounds in the whole day. The second route of 54 km distance will stretch from Manesar to Karol Bagh ( Delhi) and this is the longest route.The third route of about 10 kilometer distance will be from Gurgaon Railway %Station to Mahavir Chowk, Maharana Pratap Chowk, SignatureTower, HUDA City Centre Metro Station and back. The buses on this route will ferry for about 80 times in a day. The fourth route will be from Gurgaon bus stand to Dundahera and buses will keep plying on this route, taking almost 84 rounds in a day.The fare for a distance of up to eight kilometer has been fixed at Rs 5, upto 16 kilometer Rs 10 and upto a distance of 24 kilometer one has to shell out Rs 15. Similarly, for AC buses, the fare for 10 kilometers is Rs 10, for 15 kilometer it is Rs 15 and for 20 kilometer it is Rs 20.The city buses will stop at the identified bus stops, however, on the request of a passenger, it can be made to board passengers in the midway also but while doing so every care will be taken to follow the traffic rules. Kumar informed that talks are going on with HUDA, MCG and other stakeholders to provide bus queue shelters in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13116187", "title": "Universities across Maharashtra to send showcause notices to striking teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: Universities across the state have decided to issue showcause notices from Monday to teachers who have boycotted assessment duty. Following a government directive , universities have also drawn up a list of teachers who are yet to report to work.Demanding the implementation of the Sixth Pay Commission recommendations and the regularization of 10,0-00 teachers, caught in a limbo over the NET/SET row, assessors have boycotted evaluating papers. But Mumbai University, apparently to teach them a lesson, reduced the qualification of assessors, allowing teachers with a year's experience to check final-year papers.Despite the embargo, Mumbai, Nanded and Aurangabad varsities have reportedly finished 65%-70 % of the job.On Saturday, Mumbai University stated of the 5.04 lakh papers, 3.74 lakh have been corrected. The moderation of TYBS c papers would be over by the end of the week, said an official, adding the TYBS c (IT) results would be out soon. So far, the varsity has declared the results of 54 exa-ms, most of them of diploma and certificate programmes.Striking teachers are upset withthestatefor writing tothe UGC,seeking a clarification on the NET/SET row again. Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization said they didn't haveclarity on howthe arrears would be disbursed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114871", "title": "Pune set for vertical growth", "text": "PUNE: Cities across the country are set to have more high rises as the steering committee on urbanisation backed several measures including higher Floor Space Index (FSI) for high-density growth.The committee has recommended that additional FSI be charged and the revenue be used for funding infrastructure projects to sustain higher FSI.\"The steering committee concluded that additional FSI will allow efficient use of urban land which is a precious resource. FSI may also generate additional resources for civic bodies for better city management and infrastructure development. As of now, civic bodies largely depend on octroi and property tax for revenue generation,\" a state Urban Development Department official, said.The steering committee on urbanization was constituted by the planning commission to make recommendations for the formulation of the 12th five-year plan. Its recommendations along with those of other expert bodies will be the inputs.Once the recommendations are approved by the Union government, Pune and other cities that face a severe land crunch may go the Hyderabad way which has 6 to 7 FSI. High rises can meet the growing need for houses and commercial spaces in cities, and Pune is no exception. The demand, fuelled by land crunch, will sustain, said real estate experts.The FSI is the ratio between the plot area and constructed area. A higher FSI enables the developer to construct more on a given plot of land that has more living or working space in the same given area.Representatives from Maharashtra, Andhra Pradesh, Gujarat, West Bengal and cities of Delhi, Chennai and Bangalore were members of the committee.As of now, the Pune Municipal Corporation allows 1 FSI in old city areas including Peth areas which is stretched to 1.5 or even 2 by purchasing transfer of development rights (TDR).Real estate watchers said that Pune is growing at an unprecedented rate. People have flocked to the city from other parts of the country increasing the need for homes and commercial properties, they said.To make most of the limited space, high-rises seem to be the logical solution as they can accommodate maximum space. Home buyers too want the topmost floors of apartments which command a premium over other floors and builders levy a floor-rise charge.City engineer Prashant Waghmare said the recommendation to raise the FSI was necessary as Pune must grow vertically.\"We have no other option. Cities all over the world are growing vertically. Building high-rises has helped cities manage public transport efficiently by concentrating on a locality instead of spreading across the city. The steering committee's decision if implemented would help Pune tackle housing and public transport problem,\" he told TOI on Friday.The association of builders and developers has repeatedly demanded vertical growth as apartments in tall buildings have an economic advantage in areas with high population density.High-rises also find favour among architects like Hafeez Contractor. In Pune a few years ago, he had made a fervent pitch for high-rise constructions in growing cities where the country's planners can modify rules governing FSI in such a manner that the urban poor will get free houses and there will be space available for development of infrastructure.He had insisted on 10 FSI in cities like Mumbai and other Indian cities. \"If a city sprawls, the local infrastructure will suffer. Mild doses of additional FSI will not be enough to fund infrastructural needs,\" Contractor had said.Expansion of cities will eat into farm lands like in Pune and many other cities and eventually upset the ecological balance, Contractor said.City-based urban planner Anita Gokhale Benninger said the recommendation of steering committee will have to be studied. \"It must have checks and balances. Cities like Manhattan have grown vertically and still maintain excellent quality of life. In Pune, we cannot build and protect good footpaths, so the sustainability, affordability and safety of vertical buildings is far away.\"Vertical growth will mean electricity for lifts, fire-fighting equipment and a mechanism to check quality of construction, she added. \"In the absence of electricity, water and fire fighting equipment, the high-rises would become vertical slums. If the city goes vertical, 33% should be construction, 33% greenery and 33% amenity spaces. FSI is one thing, but we also have to think of livability conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115258", "title": "Bal Thackeray in hospital", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena leader Bal Thackeray was admitted to Lilavati Hospital in Bandra on Saturday.According to sources, he was rushed to hospital after he complained of some discomfort.Doctors told TOI Thackeray is fine.Thackeray has a history of chronic obstructive pulmonary disorder as well as heart problems.\"He underwent a series of investigations, but he is fine and will stay here for observation for a day or two,'' said Dr Jalil Parker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "13116599", "title": "Punjab-based activists write to PM, Chhattisgarh CM", "text": "BARNALA: After renowned academicians and human rights activists taking up her cause, now Punjab-based activists had written a letter to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh for providing proper medication to tribal teacher Soni Sori of Dantewada, arrested for her alleged links with Maoists.Punjab-based academicians, Sahitya Akademi award winner writers and human rights activists have demanded her immediate release on health grounds. Soni Sori was admitted at Delhi's All India Institute of Medical Sciences on Friday.Akademy award winner writers Baldev Sadaknama, Mitter Sain Meet, Dr Atamjit, Ajmer Aulakh, activists Dr Dharmvir Gandhi, Amolak Singh, Kanwaljit Khanna, Buta Singh, farm leader Sukhdev Kokri, who have signed the open letter to the PM and the Chattisgarh CM said:\" The way Soni Sori has been tortured with stone stuffed at her private parts, it is height of violations of human rights and all the police personnel responsible for this inhuman treatment that too with a woman in the name of her developing links with Maoists is highly deplorable as per the reports\".Lok Morcha Punjab activist Amolak Singh said, \"the Chattisgarh government is not giving any heed even to apex court directions and has admitted her at AIIMS only after her condition deteriorated and the PM should intervene in it and make way for providing justice to trial teacher, who was arrested on October 4, 2011 for alleged links with Maoist forces.Earlier, eminent personalities with the likes of Massachusetts professor Noam Chomsky , Booker prize winner writer Arundhati Roy , Team Anna member Prashant Bhushan, filmmaker Anand Patwardhan, Harsh Mander, Aruna Roy and more than 250 eminent personalities going by her deteriorating condition have also written to the PM for provided medical care to Soni Sori. Sori had described in her letters to a Supreme Court advocate that how she was maltreated by the Chattisgarh police during her detention in all these months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115158", "title": "UP Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exam 2012 counselling to be held from May 15", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state medical education directorate has announced the counselling schedule for Uttar Pradesh Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exam 2012.As per the schedule, counselling would take place between May 15 and 18 in Lucknow. Hectic preparations were underway in this regard on Saturday despite it being a holiday.The counselling will take place at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University premises. The results of UPPGMEE 2012 were declared on March 1 and counselling was slated to take place in the month of April. However, the process was delayed due to delay in allocation of seats through the All India Post Graduate Medical Entrance Exam.\"Had we organised the counselling prior to the AIPGMEE, the exercise would have gone waste. The reason: many students who appear for UPPGMEE also take the all India test. Those who get through the national test, usually tend to leave the seat compelling us to organise the counselling process over again. To avoid wastage of effort, we postponed the counselling,\" said a senior officer.The UPPGMEE was organised by CSMMU on February 26 and more than 3,700 candidates had taken the test that ensures admission to 400 odd seats in specialised courses across the state medical colleges and CSMMU. The results were announced in a record time of 72 hours. Officials declared the results in two categories namely the MD/MS and MDS.A total of 3,243 candidates had taken the exam in the first category, out of which 142 secured more than 75% marks.As many as 2,154 candidates secured 50%-74% marks, while the remaining scored 40%-49% marks. In the MDS category, 579 candidates appeared of whom only eight could secure 75% marks. As many as 296 candidates scored 50%-74% marks, while the remaining secured 40%-49% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "13116610", "title": "Punjab financial bail out tied to West Bengal, Kerala: Jairam", "text": "CHANDIGARH : If the Punjab government is hoping for a financial bail out then the chief minister Parkash Singh Badal must pray that Mamata Banerjee succeeds in getting her financial package approved, as its fortune is tied to Bengal and Kerala. This advice was given by the Union minister for rural development, Jairam Ramesh, while addressing MLAs from across Punjab, on Saturday.Saying that Punjab might not be in the \"special category\" for the Central government, but does enjoy \"special status\" owing to the food security it ensures in the country. \" I feel that terrorism in Punjab was not just a state problem but a national problem and the centre must share the burden of expenditure incurred in eradicating it,\" said J Ramesh.At the same time, Ramesh slammed the state government for its dismal record of nirmal gram panchayats. \"While in Punjab only 170 villages out a total of 12500 have been declared as nirmal gram panchayats, which means all houses have toilets, in case of Haryana the figure is 1500 villages out 6500, which is nearly a fourth of the state's total villages,\"he said.Jairam Ramesh said the government has decided that out of the total budgetary allocation of Rs 99,000 crore for the rural development ministry, one per cent, which was nearly Rs 1000 crore would be given to the gram panchayats to carry out programmes as per their own priorities. This would mean that each panchayat in the country gets around Rs 5-6 lakh annually as untied fund, he added.However, to ensure greater transparency and accountability, the minister said, every rural development programme would henceforth come under the financial and performance audit of the Comptroller &amp; Auditor General of India (CAG). he said, was already carrying out an audit of the performance of rural development programmes during the last six years, the report of which is expected by October or November this year. Additionally, each gram panchayat should have a compulsory certification of its accounts every year.Ramesh also mooted a proposal for Punjab, which was immediately accepted by the the CM on the dais, that will allow the funds for pensions to bypass the finance ministry and go directly to the social security development to ensure that widows, elderly and the handicapped get money on the first of every month. \" In most of the states it takes four to eight months to get pensions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13115837", "title": "Entrance exams made easy at coaching centres in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Such is the competition to get into the best colleges in the city that students rush to enroll at coaching centres, skipping a much-deserved break after their board examinations. The centres promise career assistance and get them ready to crack undergraduate entrance exams across the country. And the students are ready to shell out that extra buck just to keep themselves high on the learning curve.Sure Success offers tuitions in political science, history, Bengali, philosophy, geography and sociology. The charges for 10 classes will be around Rs 2,500 for each subject. Students from her centre, she claimed, have cracked entrance tests of Presidency, JU and Lady Brabourne.And students swear by them. Shashank Singh, a Girish Park resident, is taking private tuitions to crack the entrance exams for BSc (honours.) in geology. A science student in a Howrah school, Shashank appointed a tutor soon after his board exams in March. Awaiting his ISC results, he is preparing for the Presidency College as well as Delhi University's entrance test. \"Our schools often fail to provide us with proper counseling and the competition is too tough. There are more students than colleges in the country. So, we require special coaching to help us train for the entrance exams,\" said Shashank.Arora Tutorial in Bangur provides tutors who coach students at home. \"Not too many can afford to shell out Rs 500 for a subject that we charge. Our teachers focus on the basic tricks to crack entrance tests,\" said the in-charge. She added that the minimum qualification of teachers offering tuition is MSc or equivalent. \"We offer classes at home. The rates may vary with the distance they have to travel. The minimum is Rs 2,000 for two months for one class a week.\"College teachers, though, are wary of the effectiveness of such coaching classes. \"We are aware that such tuitions are being offered. Any kind of coaching will benefit students to an extent, but it can't guarantee success at the entrance exam. These exams are more of an aptitude test and it is difficult to train for them,\" said a Presidency University teacher.DD Classes in Salt Lake , too, offer individual tuitions. They charge Rs 1,500 to Rs 2,000 for a subject. \"We generally teach physics, chemistry and mathematics, thrice a week and the total package is pegged at Rs 4,500. Each class is conducted for two hours,\" said Dipankar Dasgupta, proprietor of DD Classes. The coaching centre is also training students for regular classes. \"It is always better to start early. Then there is a greater possibility of success,\" Dasgupta says.\"Only 10% of the students know what they want to do in life. We counsel the students and provide them all the help through which they can crack the entrance exams of their desired stream. Some take private coaching as well,\" said Vijay Upadhyay, whose Institute of Entrance Examination in Kolkata trains students for law, mass-communication and hotel management courses in a one-year classroom programme. The institute, when established in 2006, used to train students for all sorts of entrance tests. There are others in the business as well.The institutes guide and also provide them classroom teaching and give away reading materials on English grammar, verbal ability, logical reasoning and basic mathematics. These institutes have success stories to boast of. Many have got into prestigious colleges like St Xavier's and Lady Brabourne in Kolkata, Miranda House and Gargi College in Delhi and Symbiosis in Pune.Shilika Roy, a Hazra resident, attended one such coaching centre and is now a student of mass communication at St Xavier's College. \"I attended one such institute in Kolkata in 2010 and paid around Rs 7,000 for the three-month coaching. It was expensive but pretty helpful,\" said Shilika, who later settled for St Xavier's College in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115536", "title": "Kudankulam nuclear project a step closer to commissioning", "text": "CHENNAI: The first unit of the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project has moved one step closer to loading fuel, with the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) giving its clearance for removing the dummy fuel from the reactor.\"The AERB on May 10 gave the clearance to open the reactor vessel, remove the dummy fuel and check the reactor condition. These steps will take at least 7-10 days and after that the AERB will give its nod for loading fuel,\" site director R S Sundar told TOI. The power production will take another 25 days, he said.The dummy fuel was loaded into the first unit in April 2010 to check the efficacy of the systems and the hot run was conducted in August 2011. This is when protests by anti-nuclear activists began, preventing plant officials and Russian engineers from entering the project site.\"We have also sought AERB clearance to load uranium fuel. The pre-fuel loading will take at least 10 days, after which one more inspection by AERB officials will take place. After this we will get approval for loading fuel,\" Sundar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhanu (panchkula)", "code": "13116690", "title": "Bhanu dog training centre gets more teeth", "text": "BHANU (PANCHKULA): Known as the livestock mint, especially because of its Murrah buffalos, in the country, Haryana would now also be known as feeder for the canine force of country's police organizations and other organs of armed forces.The ministry of home affairs (MHA) has sanctioned a special budget for augmentation of training capacity of National Training Centre for Dogs (NTCD), Bhanu, near Panchkula in Haryana, from 100 dogs to around 300 canines in a year. With this, it would not only become the country's top training centre for dogs but would also match with the international level canine training academies.As per MHA approval, the NTCD, which is a feeder for all forces, would get 50 dog kennels, grooming sheds, air-conditioned dog vans, medical vans and barracks for 180 jawans. Besides canines, the centre would also train handlers of dogs with latest techniques. Its faculty includes trainers from Switzerland and the US hired for the purpose.The training curriculum includes the latest advance training and management of security dogs in explosive detection, search and rescue, tracking, assault work and infantry patrol. The centre is run by Indo-Tibetan Border Police (ITBP) that had initially started it for training canines for its own requirements. It was established near Panchkula considering its proximity with ITBP's areas of operation.Talking to TOI, ITBP spokesperson Deepak Pandey said that because of the diversification of terror threats that were becoming major challenges, canines have emerged as valuable assets to deal with it. \"Considering the importance of classified training and the results given by NTCD Bhanu passed-out dogs, MHA has decided and approved special budget for its upgradation,\" Pandey pointed out. He also added that the centre would now reserve limited seats for training dogs of state police and central police establishments and other central agencies for specialized training in a 24-week curriculum prepared as per international standards.The centre has recently trained Belgian shepherds, which are used by NATO forces in Afghanistan , and deployed them in Naxal-infested areas to help paramilitary forces.Haryana yet to respond to land requestAt present, NTCD is running on one portion of the campus of the Basic Training Centre (BTC) at Bhanu, but with its upgradation of training capacity, the centre requires minimum 120-acre land to meet the training requirement. ITBP authorities have sent a proposal to the Haryana government for providing a chunk of land adjoining the centre but according to ITBP officials, the state has yet to respond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115832", "title": "Special train for Ajmer Urs", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In wake of rush of passengers for Urs of Sufi saint Moinuddin Chisti, a special train will be run between Ajmer and Chhapra.Special train 05103/05104 will leave Chhapra at 8:30pm and arrive at Gorakhpur at 00:05am, Basti at 1:30am, Gonda at 2:50am, Barabanki at 4:51am, Lucknow at 6:10am, Kanpur Central at 7:55am, Tundla at 11:40am, Agra Fort at 12:45pm, Bayana at 3:50pm, Sawai Madhopur at 6:20pm, Jaipur at 9:55pm and terminate at Ajmer at 11:55pm. During the return journey, the train will depart from Ajmer at 6:30pm and arrive at Jaipur at 8:45pm, Sawai Madhopur at 11:50pm, Bayana at 1:50am, Agra Fort at 3:30am, Tundla at 4:25am, Kanpur Central at 7:40am, Lucknow at 10:10am, Barabanki at 12:01pm, Gonda at 1:40pm, Basti at 3:05pm, Gorkahpur at 5:10pm and terminate at Chhapra at 9:30pm.The train will leave Chhapra on May 25 while it will depart from Ajmer station on May 30. The train will have one AC-III tier, 12 sleeper and eight general coaches. In addition to the above stoppages, the train will also halt at Siwan, Deoria Sadar, Khalilabad, Badshahnagar and Phulera stations.Further, in view of increasing rush of passengers, railways has given stoppage to train number 14109/14110 Chitrakoot-Kanpur Express at Hamirpur Road station from May 15. It will continue for six months on an experimental basis. Train number 14109 Chirakoot-Kanpur passenger will reach Hampirpur station at 5:30pm and leave at 5:32pm, while train number 14110 in the down direction will reach Hamirpur Road at 11:06am and leave at 11:08pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115209", "title": "After Bidhan Baruah battle, many seek opinion about sex-change operation", "text": "MUMBAI: With a bitter and public battle with his family, Assamese youngster Bidhan Baruah has not only embarked on the road to achieving his dream of changing his gender, but also managed to get many others who feel trapped in their bodies to talk about sex-change operations.\"Sex change was a taboo subject that was rarely discussed, but it is now being talked about openly,\" says psychiatrist Yusuf Matcheswala, who had evaluated Baruah's psychological readiness for the gender-changing surgery.His 'outing' has resulted in a faster flow of enquiries at plastic surgeon Anil Tibrewala's clinic at Hinduja Hospital, Mahim.Twenty-one-year-old Bidhan Baruah had moved Bombay high court seeking permission for a sex-change operation after his father in Assam threatened legal action against the doctor who agreed to oblige him. The court has since ruled that he is an adult who can decide on the issue, but there is still no clarity on when and where Baruah will undergo the surgery.But he has inspired many to ask questions. Dr Anil Tibrewala, who is among the handful of plastic surgeons in Mumbai who perform sex change or gender reassignment surgeries, says, \"In the last few days, I have spoken to four persons from different corners of India seeking the operation.\" One of the callers from Haryana, a woman, wanted to know the cost of the surgery. \"When I told her that she needed a masectomy (removal of breasts) and hysterectomy (removal of uterus) before the main operation costing Rs 2.5 lakh, she said she would be landing in Mumbai soon,\" he says.Clearly, there is a silent section that identifies with Baruah is now seeking help, adds Dr Tibrewala. Psychiatrist Harish Shetty believes the numbers seeking surgery will go up in near future. \"In the last three years, the number coming to discuss gender identity disorder (GID) has gone up,\" he adds.Consider the gender reassignment surgery programme at Kokilaben Ambani Hospital, Andheri, which has 15 transgenders in various stages of treatment. Urologist Sanjay Pandey says, \"Our programme is over 10 months old and our patients have, after months of hormonal treatment and intense psychological profiling, started undergoing the main surgery.\" Their first case was a male-to-female surgery last month and the second - a female-to-male surgery - will follow in June.Incidentally, more men than women suffer from GID. The February 2012 edition of International Journal of Urology said GID prevalence varied depending on the country. \"For example, in the Netherlands, the calculated prevalence of adult GID was one in 11,900 men and one in 30,400 women between 1975 and 1992. In Germany, between 1981 and 1990, the prevalence of MtF (male to female) and FtM (female to male) was estimated to be 1:42,000 and 1:104,000, respectively,\" said the report.Accordingly, there are more men than women who undergo the surgery. Also, plastic surgeon Ajay Hariyani, who is attached to the civic-run Bhagwati Hospital in Borivli, says the male-to-female surgery is easier to do. \"Creating a vagina is easier than making a penis. Breast augmentation can be done and the hair (facial) can be removed with laser,\" he says.Gender reassignment surgery, as the sex-change operations are known as in medical circles, is far from a new branch but there is a new dynamism about it now. Urologist Pandey says, \"Plastic surgeons kept gender reassignment surgery alive for over two decades in India, but now there are new techniques in urology that will bring about a paradigm shift.'' For one, he promises a single-sitting surgery instead of the two or more sessions for certain transgenders willing to undergo the surgery.But it is this potential rush that worries activists like Ashok Row Kavi of Humsafar, which works for the rights of the LGBT community. \"The main problem with the transgender community in India is the lack of a social support system,\" he says. If their families are not supportive of their decision to undergo the surgery, they have only one refuge: the hijra community, but \"it's not a simple issue\", Kavi adds.Secondly, there is no uniform protocol for gender reassignment surgeries; surgeons often follow their own schedules. \"Any person undergoing a gender reassignment surgery has to undergo two years of intense psychological therapy along with their family. But this is rarely done in India,\" says Dr Matcheswala. Kavi concurs: \"In Tamil Nadu, a letter from a hijra guru saying that the person has been staying with them makes them eligible for such a surgery.\"Worse, there are stories of botched treatment and surgeries. Dr Pandey of Kokilaben Hospital says many of the 15 patients whom he and endocrinologist Dr Dheeraj Kapoor are treating, have had a problem from previous treatment. Kavi says, \"We have a transgender who lost a kidney after having too much of hormonal therapy. Another person wasn't operated on properly and has a leaking urethra that forces her to wear an adult diaper all the time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115119", "title": "Neighborhood cop system to be revived", "text": "COIMBATORE: With crime on the rise, city police is planning to revive the neighborhood police system that a previous police commissioner had tried out with some success in the city. During the tenure of Amaresh Pujari as commissioner, police had started the scheme to bring the public and the force closer so that local inputs could enrich policing. The system, however, had become almost defunct after Pujari's transfer.On Saturday, city police commissioner A K Viswanathan held a meeting with senior officers in the city to revive the neighbourhood police system by ensuring the participation of residential associations and social outfits. He said neighborhood policing was very effective in crime prevention and detection. He hoped that its revamp would help resolve various pending cases apart from cracking down on burglars and chain snatchers. The commissioner also advised his subordinates to begin work at the grass roots to reactivate the project with immediate effect.Under the scheme, specially-trained Neighbourhood Police Officers (NPOs) will work under respective police inspectors of each station. The NPOs would move around their allotted areas, meet people and record their grievances. This, police hope, would create a healthy relationship between the force and the public and keep crime under check.\"The public can inform NPOs about the movement of anti-social elements and civic issues like road repair and water scarcity. NPOs would take the issues to concerned authorities to work out solutions. Contact numbers of NPOs will be displayed on the streets and in front of colleges, schools and other important public institutions,'' Viswanathan said.Assistant commissioners of police and inspectors of police will supervise the work of NPOs. Once in every three months, feedback about NPOs activities would be collected from citizens. The survey will be conducted by private firms with independent existence. Five cops will be selected as best NPOs. They will get rewards and certificates.Deputy Commissioners of Police T Senthilkumar (crime and traffic) and Hema Karunagaran (law and order), all assistant commissioners of police, 15 inspectors (law and order) and 150 NPOs participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115521", "title": "Vehicle registration an e-mail away now", "text": "INDORE: The regional transport office (RTO) in Indore is going online to streamline the process of registration of all the new vehicles. The implementation of the new system will save a lot of time for the vehicle owners as the data filling works, which is otherwise is done on papers now, will be carried out at the end of the dealers themselves, who have to just send the data related to the newly sold vehicle and its owner to the RTO through an e-mail.Normally, it takes nearly a week for the completion of the registration process. The vehicle dealer takes a minimum of a week's time in sending the vehicle's information to the broker, who again takes his own time before submitting them to the RTO to start the registration process. The entire work takes over a week.Under the new system, the registration of vehicles will be done within a day of filling the form, claimed Pawan Jain, RTO, Indore.Jain said, \"I have asked all the vehicle dealers in the city to compile the information regarding vehicles, dealer-customer agreement, details of customers, insurance and finance details at the time of the purchase. Once the job on the dealer-end is over, then the data could be sent directly to my office through a simple e-mail.\"Agreeing to the fact that Indore RTO was late entrant into the online registration facility as the same scheme has already been launched in other cities of the state, Jain said that it was quite natural for a big city like Indore.On the issue of high security number plate provider, Utsav, the RTO said that a notice has been served on the company for exhausting of the plates in Indore.Normally 150 vehicles get installed the high security number plate by the New Delhi-based firm. However, the car owners are facing a host of problems due to the non-availability of such plates with the firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115279", "title": "Road rage leads to traffic jam", "text": "GURGAON: Following an incident of road rage there was a huge traffic jam in the road between Aggarwal Dharamshala and Agrasain Chowk in old Gurgaon.Three youths who were in a Hyundai Elantra car beat up a man who was on a bike with his wife and children after the bike had grazed the car. Traffic cops were near the spot where the incident took place but did not take serious note of the matter. The victim also did not complain to the police. The incident, however, caused a traffic jam for about 20 minutes.According an eyewitness, Rajesh, the bike had merely touched the car. But after that three angry young men came out of the car and started beating up the biker. His wife tried to intervene but the youths abused her as well. Finally the biker left the place after some commuters mediated. The cops were conspicuous in their absence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13125633", "title": "NHRC to hear on atrocities against SCs in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The National Human Rights Commission will hold an 'open hearing' from tomorrow on the various issues concerning the scheduled castes in Gujarat, besides the cases pertaining to encounter killings in the state.A delegation led by NHRC chairperson, Justice K G Balkrishnan, during the two-day hearing, will be apprised of the alleged atrocities committed against the SCs and the problems faced by them in seeking justice.NHRC member, Justice B C Patel and A K Garg, registrar (law) and senior officers of the commission will be part of the delegation, visiting the city tomorrow.The commission, after hearing the affected people, is also scheduled to meet the representatives of NGOs.Later, they are expected to hold discussions with the state chief secretary, DGP and other senior civil, police and jail officials on these issues, besides other major pending cases pertaining to Gujarat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114732", "title": "CM urged to act on Goa Industrial Development Corporation, high security registration plates 'scams'", "text": "PANAJI: All Goa private bus owners association (AGPBOA) has urged chief minister Manohar Parrikar to walk the talk and initiate action in the GIDC and HSRP scams which he exposed as leader of the opposition.\"Why is no action taken against (Chandrakant) Kawlekar and (Pandurang) Madkaikar for the IDC and high security registration plates scams,\" questioned Sudip Tamankar, president of AGPBOA. Referring to the enquiry into the affairs of GCA, he said if Parrikar was serious about investigating scams, then he should do so across-the-board and not selectively.He said Parrikar had promised zero tolerance to corruption when he took over as chief minister but his actions were not matching his promises. The chief minister is fooling the people, he added.Tamankar also alleged that the appointment of Rahul Deshpande as consultant for three new bus-stand projects in the state was fraught with irregularities. He said the terms of the appointment process were rigged and conditions favourable to Deshpande included in the tender, thereby preventing others from being eligible.Tamankar also felt that Parrikar should have inducted Ponda MLA Lavu Mamledar, a Bahujan Samaj candidate, in his cabinet instead of providing both the Dhavlikar brothers- who he said were corrupt- with cabinet posts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "tiruchirapalli", "code": "13115594", "title": "India's first zero waste toilet system inaugrated", "text": "TIRUCHIRAPALLI: Aiming to encourage public to follow environment-friendly solid waste management practices and end open defecation, a Zero Waste Toilet System (ZWTS), claiming to be the first in the country, was inaugurated on Friday.The integrated urine diversion biogas linked flush toilet system was inaugurated in Evoor village near Musiri by district collector Jayashree Muralidharan. The collector said the government was giving top priority to liquid and solid waste management and wanted the public to end open defecation practices and follow environmentally-friendly solid waste management.She said that in the past three months, 358 women sanitary complexes were renovated at a cost of Rs 10 crore and handed over to SHG groups for maintenance.M. Subburaman, director, SCOPE, said the first ZWTS in the country was initiated and constructed by them in the house of Thalapathy, a progressive farmer of Evoor Village, at a cost of Rs 37,000.The ZWTS has five modules: a flush-out toilet, a bathroom, a urine diversion bowl, a cultivated wetland for treating bathroom water and a biogas plant. The user-friendly ZWTS provided the family with urine for irrigating the farm, biogas for cooking and slurry from the biogas unit which was excellent manure, he said.All the waste was converted to environmentally useful products said A. James, water and sanitation consultant, Delhi.G Anand, Solution Centre, Cochin, said the ZWTS was the entry of Benjamin Clouet and won the first prize in the international sanitation innovation contest organised by 'Finish,' Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114454", "title": "Science colleges' admission process delayed", "text": "AHMEDABAD: For the first time in the history of Gujarat University (GU), admission process in all science colleges has been postponed by almost a month. On Monday the GU will bring out an official notification in this regard.In Ahmedabad all seven major science colleges have been asked to start their admission procedure by June 12.The decision is being taken strategically as many science colleges that start off with 700 students in pure science streams end up being a class of 80 students by end the month. This is because many students who apply for engineering and medical colleges leave science colleges once their seats are secured.\"There are many genuine students who have scored a 45 to 50 per cent and would like to pursue pure sciences but cannot because students with higher marks flood the merit list. This year we will ensure that this does not happen and only genuine students apply for the course,\" says principal of MG science college BK Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115186", "title": "2 booked for cheating 70 people of Rs 85L", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Police on Saturday booked a missing employee and arrested a dismissed staffer of Union Bank of India, Sector 17, for duping around 70 employees of Punjab Mandi Board of over Rs 85 lakh on the pretext of doubling their deposited amount. Dharambir Sharma has been sent in police custody for three days, while the other accused, Kapil, is missing for seven months.Police said they had cheated employees of Punjab Mandi Board by floating a co-operative society and luring them to invest in it two years ago.The case is being investigated by economics offence wing (EOW) of Chandigarh police.Meanwhile, family members of Kapil have lodged a missing complaint with Chandigarh police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13116355", "title": "7 hurt in steel plant mishap", "text": "VADODARA: Seven people were injured at a steel plant near Godhra on Friday night. The mishap took place when scrap was being melted in a container at the factory.The incident took place at Kothi Steel near Satpul in Godhra. The unit melts steel scrap and blocks obtained after the process.Godhra B division police inspector F L Vasava said the incident took place due to sudden effervescence in the vessel used to melt the scrap. \"This led to molten material spilling over on to workers as a result of which seven of them sustained burn injuries,\" he said.The injured workers were rushed to a private hospital in Godhra for treatment. Four of them were later transferred to a private hospital at Vadodara. Condition of all the injured is said to be stable.Vasava said forensic experts have been asked to conduct an examination of the accident site. \"They will visit the plant and submit a report to us regarding the incident,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114047", "title": "Yeddyurappa to send 40 resignations to Delhi", "text": "BANGALORE: Two more ministers will give their resignations to B S Yeddyurappa on Monday, agriculture minister Umesh Katti said on Saturday. Doddappagouda Patil, an MLA loyal to Yeddyurappa, said another 10 legislators would give their resignations to the former CM on Monday. Yeddyurappa plans to collect the resignations of at least 40 MLAs and send them to central leadership.Apart from a BJP legislature party meeting, the dissidents want the central leadership to send a representative to Bangalore to hear their case.The resignations are a pressure tactic to compel the central leadership to heed their demands. Technically, these resignations have no sanctity as the ministers have to submit their resignation letters to the CM, and MLAs to the Speaker.When contacted, chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda said no legislator had forwarded his/her resignation to him. \"I have not received any letter from anybody, so I cannot comment. I also don't know whether any letters of resignation have been given to Yeddyurappa or Eshwarappa.\"However, other MLAs loyal to Yeddyurappa are worried about their political future. Unlike on Friday, the Lingayat strongman on Saturday preferred to have one-on-one meetings with a handful of legislators and ministers at his residence. Sources said the private talks were held because some legislators were not comfortable airing their views in a group. Yeddyurappa was advised by his faction not to act in haste.Sensing trouble, Gowda deputed law minister S Suresh Kumar to meet rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar at his residence. He later met a group of ministers, including Bommai and Nirani, at the Kumara Krupa guest house and asked them not to act in haste. Before this, BJP organizing joint secretary V Sateesh met Yeddyurappa at his residence.Ministers and MLAs supporting Gowda are already in New Delhi lobbying for him. Municipal administration minister Balachandra L Jarkiholi has reached Delhi to urge party leaders not to heed the demands of the Yeddyurappa camp. Jarkiholi, who commands the support of 10 MLAs, has threatened to resign if the party bows to Yeddyurappa's demands.The CM, scheduled to visit Delhi on Sunday, is expected to meet top leaders to and brief them on the developments in the past couple of days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13116562", "title": "Mother gifts a second life to 15-year-old son", "text": "HUBLI: A mother is an epitome of love and sacrifice. Her concern towards her children knows no limits. A 15-year-old boy in the city found this out when his mother gifted him what he needed the most: a kidney to save his life.The boy Amarnath Shidagantimath has been ailing from kidney related problems for the past few years. Initially doctors put him on medicines and later they prescribed dialysis. The last two years were miserable for the family asAmarnath had to go to hospital twice a week for dialysis.Amarnath's father Veerabhadrayya Shidagantimath earns a living from a piece of agricultural land that he owns in Ingalahalli of Hubli taluk. Mother Mahantavva is a homemaker. The couple has three sons. They shifted to Hubli from Ingalahalli so as to facilitate their children's education. Their first son is studying engineering and second one is doing a diploma course. Amarnath, their third son had to give up studying after class VI due to his illness.When bearing the cost of dialysis became increasingly difficult for the family, and when Amarntah's condition worsened he was referred to Manipal Hospital in Bangalore, where doctors said that only a kidney transplant could save the boy.Then began the anxious search for a donor. As days went by, despair descended upon the family since they failed to find a donor who could save the life of the boy. However, it was destined that Mahantavva, who had given birth to Amarnath, would step forward to give him a second life .\"When we failed to find a donor, my wife came forward to donate him one of her kidneys. After the lab tests, doctors declared her a suitable donor. The transplantation took place on Thursday. Our son is now recovering,\" said Veerabhadrayya, who is now a relieved father. \"My wife's sacrifice for our son is great and selfless,\" he said.Speaking to the STOI, Mahantavva, 50, who is recuperating after the kidney removal surgery said, \"I have given my kidney to my son so that he recovers from his illness. He is still in ICU. I pray God will give him a long and healthy life.\"Dr S Vishwanath, nephrologist, Manipal Hospital, Bangalore, said: \"Amarnath was on dialysis for over three years. Both of his kidneys had failed and eventually kidney transplant remained the only option before us. His mother came forward to donate her kidney and since we found her a suitable donor we carried out transplantation. The operation has been successful and both mother and son are recovering.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115254", "title": "Bad weather hits power supply", "text": "GURGAON: A major part of Gurgaon plunged into darkness as storm, thunder shower hit the city on Saturday evening.The residents of all the HUDA sectors and private colonies were left fuming since several area power cables were damaged causing power cuts. Till late night, electricity supply had not been restored in several colonies and it many areas, the power cuts stretched to hours.Superintendent engineer, DHBVN, Subhash Deswal, said, \"Power cuts were caused by the bad weather in the city. It had affected 90 % of Gurgaon but now faults have been corrected and now the power has %resumed in majority of the areas\"On being asked what sort of the damages the DHBVN suffered, he said, \"Thanks to the strong wind, in many areas, trees got uprooted and they fell on the electric wires, thus causing damage. This was the main reason behind power cuts. The DHBVN teams worked throughout the night to correct the faults.\"Meanwhile, residents had a harrowing time. Amit Gupta, a resident of DLF phase III said, \"If there is loadshedding every time there is a storm or rain, then it only shows how poor Gurgaon's infrastructure is.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "sidlaghatta", "code": "13116541", "title": "Girls scrub loos in Karnataka government school", "text": "SIDLAGHATTA: That the girl child is stereotyped is nothing new. But this school in Sidlaghatta, 60 km from Kolar, took it to another level with its girl students.The school does not have a group D employee to do the regular cleaning. So the girls in the school clean the toilets, among other things, after their classes. Ironically, the Higher Primary School at Ammaganahalli won the 'Best School in the Taluk' prize!The co-ed school has about 70 students studying upto Class 7. Before the Janaspandana programme held last week on the school campus, the girls were told to divide work among themselves and clean up the campus. From cleaning the toilets to readying it for the dignitaries to sweeping the campus, the girls did just about everything.Surprisingly, the school authorities have no qualms about girls engaging themselves in such an act. Block Educational Officer N Srikanta told Sunday Times of India that the school management had made it mandatory for students to clean up the toilet. What is shocking is that the direction is only for girl students!Sidlaghatta legislator V Muniyappa said the matter was brought to his notice on the day of the meeting and he has directed the authorities not to engage the students for such jobs. He also said he would take up the matter of posting a Group D employee for the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114764", "title": "Soon, a floating 7-star hotel", "text": "PANAJI: In a big to draw high-end tourists to the state, the next season will see the first non Casino vessel with seven star facilities function in the river Mandovi.High Street Cruise and Entertainment private limited (HSCEPL), which runs off-shore casinos in the state, has received initial permission from the tourism department to go ahead with the proposal.The state government has floated an expression of interest after which HSCEPL has shown interest. \"We (tourism department) have given initial approval for the proposal and now they have to take permission from the Captain of Ports for mooring the vessel in the Mandovi,\" said Swapnil Naik, tourism director, speaking to TOI.The initial proposal has stated that they will anchor the vessel below Mandovi Bridge. Naik also said that they have asked the company to submit the detailed project report by June. The floating hotel will have 14 luxurious rooms, including a conference hall, restaurant, gymnasium, etc.\"Once the tourists are onboard, the ship can sail to different places in the Goan waters\", Naik added.The state tourism department had also sought expression of interest for bidders to set up helicopter, ropeway and sea plane services in Goa.\"There is no major development on ropeway services but we have asked both Pawan Hans and Maritime Energy Heli Air Services ( MEHAIR) from Mumbai to submit a feasibility report on helicopter services and sea plane services respectively.The helicopter services will take off at Ela Goa in Old Goa, Sinquerim and Calangute, and will later be extended to popular tourist spots like Colva, Tiracol, Mollem and Santa Monica in Panaji. The ropeway services will operate on the route from Reis Magos to Panaji and Reis Magos to Aguada. A tourist hotspot on the coast of Salcete will also be identified to set up the ropeway service. In case of sea plane services, the tourism department will rely on the chosen bidder to narrow down on the suitable area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13114660", "title": "Are local filmmakers and film lovers benefitting from film festivals?", "text": "Although the international film festival of India (Iffi) in 2004 generated much enthusiasm among film lovers and filmmakers, who got more exposure to international films, very few local filmmakers took much advantage of this international event. Besides, over the years, it has been observed that very few filmmakers attend workshops on film making. But the government must continue organizing such festivals and workshops as I feel that in the future young filmmakers will take more interest.Mahesh Ranefilmmaker, MapusaDefinitely, the various film festivals organized in the state have a two-pronged positive effect. For local film goers its an amazing exposure to films from different countries. They can enjoy watching films of different types by attending film festivals. For local filmmakers the exposure levels to good cinema goes up. They can gauge audience tastes and can also venture into many other film based activities. They can also benefit from various workshops.Parvish Andani Kamatadvertising professional, PanajiI am a product of these film festivals. I definitely think film festivals hosted in Goa are encouraging local filmmakers and giving viewers more exposure to good quality films. The turn out at such events shows the popularity of these festivals especially at the time of the Iffi. The number of people that register as delegates is evidence in itself. The quality of local films may not be on par with the others but at least it's the first important step. Alisha, my film bagged the first national award for Goa.Rajendra TalakFilmmaker, MargaoThese film festivals help local filmmakers as they give them a lot of exposure to the international filmmaking community. When a new filmmaker is selected to be a part of Iffi, he/she is restricted to short films because of the financial constraints. But this acts as a stepping stoneas it gives a lot of exposure to directors and other film personalities. Besides, there arelectures on filmmaking, which help to a great extent. Unfortunately, there is no institute in the state that teaches filmmaking. A suggestion to the authorities would be to have a special Goan filmmaker's competition as part of the Iffi.Sidarth KarapurkarBusinessman, Navelim", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114980", "title": "Notices served to marriage gardens, firecracker shops", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Saturday issued notices to all the marriage gardens and seven firecracker shops in Bairagarh following the civic body's fire inspection squad found that no proper fire safety measure in place at all these places.The civic body officials said that the BMC squad on Saturday found that none of the marriage gardens had fire fighting equipment while seven firecracker shops in Bairagarh have been operating without proper fire extinguishers.The marriage gardens and the firecracker shops have been given one-month time to install proper fire fighting equipment, said the BMC officials.The BMC squad examined fire extinguishing facilities in 27 commercial complexes including shops selling firecrackers and marriage gardens in Bairagarh area.During the inspection, the BMC fire inspection squad found that as many as seven fire cracker shops had been found to have installed outdated fire extinguishers. Moreover, there were no fire safety measures in any of the marriage gardens including, Green City Garden, Gulshan Garden, Swagat Marriage Garden and Lake View Marriage Garden.The BMC squad examined fire extinguishing facilities in 27 commercial complexes including shops selling firecrackers and marriage gardens in Bairagarh area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13115665", "title": "Five killed in separate accidents", "text": "MADURAI: Two pilgrims on a padayatra to Tiruchendur temple were killed when a vehicle knocked them down at Mukkani on Friday night. Two persons sustained serious injuries in the accident.About 40 pilgrims from Veerapandipuram village in Tuticorin district go on an annual pilgrimage to Tiruchendur temple for the Vaikasi festival every year. They usually rest during the day and proceed on their journey at night.On Friday night they had been walking at Mukkani near Athoor, when an unidentified vehicle ploughed through them. Thondiraj (21), son of Ramasamy, and Veeraperumal (37), son of Vayanareddy, were killed on the spot. Two others Chandrasekar (19) and Ponraj (27) sustained serious injuries and were admitted to hospital.Athoor police have registered a case. In another incident, an old lady was killed when a car veered off the road near Nanguneri in Tirunelveli district on Saturday. Sheik Mohideen Nasser (23) of Tirupur had come with his wife Razia (21), mother Sabural, grandmother Mumeena, one-year-old son Anwar and two friends for a wedding in Tirunelveli.Nasser was driving the vehicle. When coming near a college in Nanguneri, he tried to avoid a dog in front of his vehicle and swung the car which plunged into a ditch. His grandmother Mumeena died on the spot. He was admitted to a private hospital and relatives to the government hospital in Tirunelveli.In a separate accident in Karur district, two motorcycle-borne men were killed in the early hours of Saturday near Inamkulathur in Manapparai taluk.The police said Pazhaniappan (40) and K Murugesan (19) from Vadaseri Poovalipatti in Karur district, working as labourers in a brick kiln in the area, were going by bike to unload a brick-laden lorry in Alampatti Pudhur near Manapparai by 04.30 am. Midway, they picked up their colleague Balasubramanian and reached a petrol station near Manapparai. As they wanted to tank up, they dropped Balasubramanian and asked him to go to by walk to Alampatti.Even after an hour, the duo did not reach Alampatti. So, Balasubramanian returned to the petrol station to search for them. He was, however, shocked to see their bodies lying in a pool of blood on the road.He immediately informed the Manapparai police as well as the Inamkulathur police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114497", "title": "Over 15,000 trained company secretaries will be needed in future: Institute of Company Secretaries of India", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Institute of Company Secretaries of India (ICSI) believes that in the next five years, more than 15,000 trained CS will be required in the country.\"The Parliamentary Standing Committee on Finance is likely to table its report on the proposed amendments to the Companies Bill sometime next week. The new proposed bill is likely to enhance the requirement of trained CS six-fold,\" said ICSI president Nesar Ahmed, adding that there are close to 30,000 practicing CSs in the country. \"The amendments propose to redefine the position of CS as risk managers in the organization. Today when the thrust is on to make companies self compliant CS will have a key role to achieve the same,\" said Ahmed. tnn adding that India is the only country where a statutory institution like ICSI regulates the profession of company secretaries.\"Several corporate cases and frauds have come to limelight after CS blew the whistle. In the current scenario where fingers are being pointed at corporate functioning, CS will have to play a crucial role in the coming days,\" said Umesh Ved, council member, ICSI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ho chi minh", "code": "13122961", "title": "Negi happy to turn things around at Asian championship", "text": "HO CHI MINH: A few weeks ago a blunder left his Dubai championship hopes in tatters but Grandmaster Parimarjan Negi is happy that he could recover from that painful defeat and clinch the Asian Championship title on Sunday.Last month at the penultimate round of the 14th Dubai International Open, Negi dropped a rook in a position when his rival Sandipan Chanda was contemplating to resign. The mistake helped Chanda to eventually finish as joint winners alongwith Latvian Grandmaster Miezis Normunds.However, Negi didn't allow the loss to pull him down. He resurrected himself to win the Asian continental championship despite losing to A R Saleh Salem of UAE in the final round.\"It is most like to destruct only,\" says the 20-year-old Negi about the Dubai fiasco.\"Luckily I had time after the tournament and somehow I was able to pull myself out of that loss, normally they are painful, especially these ones like against Chanda and I am not the only one who goes through these things.\"The point is to resurrect though its difficult but I was able to do it this time,\" said the BPCL employee soon after his gold medal performance.It was not a great beginning for Negi after losing the second round here but midway through the championship he was at his best. Six wins in a row is a rare phenomenon and this ensured that even a last round loss could not spoil his mood.\"Somehow, after I was sure of winning the gold I just started trying to play for win in a position that I should have logically drawn, Saleh (who beat him in last round) did well but it was a position that I should not have lost,\" Negi explained.Negi has been performing well recently. He did well in the last Gibraltar open wherein most of the top players could not break his defenses, while in the strong Cappelle De Grande tournament he tied for first along with compatriot P Harikrishna.\"I think I have become a lot more consistent than I was last year, I have diversified my repertoire in to a more solid one and with white pieces especially I am able to pull along without taking undue risk that I was doing till probably last year,\" he said.When asked about future plans and his crossing the 2650 rating barrier, the bespectacled Negi said: \"There are a few tournaments in the pipeline and also a lot of work that needs to be done, I believe if I can stabilise at present levels then its ok, the next step is a giant leap forward.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13114231", "title": "Palasgaon tiger responds to treatment", "text": "NAGPUR: The Palasgaon tiger, who had sustained critical injuries after being caught in a metal trap laid by poachers, has started responding to the treatment. The tiger has started consuming food and has also been passing stool since last two days, said the team of veterinary doctors attending the beast that has suffered acute renal failure.Team of expert veterinary doctors including Dr NP Dakshinkar, Dr Vinod Dhoot, Dr Shirish Upadhye and Dr Gautam Bhojne are monitoring the tiger round-the-clock.Besides, the tiger's left paw injury is also recovering, said Dr Dakshinkar. Slowly it is responding to the treatment as its kidney has started functioning. The senior vet doctor clarified that though the condition of the tiger is stable, it is not out of danger.Earlier, the kidneys were not supporting its vital systems, affecting appetite, he said. \"On Saturday, we collected his urine and blood samples and sent them to the lab for examination. These tests will help us assess its exact health position,\" he added.Sources said that the forest department is planning not to release the tiger in the wild as it won't be able to survive there. So they are deciding whether to hand over the tiger to a zoo or keep it in a big enclosure.The issue was also discussed with the principal secretary of the forest department Pravin Pardeshi, who on Friday night reviewed the treatment.PCCF wildlife (Maharashtra) SWH Naqvi said, \"At present our priority is to ensure that the tiger recovers at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114876", "title": "NGO refutes Child Welfare Committee report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) of Lajpat Nagar ordered a police inquiry into allegations of child abuse at the Prayas children's home, the senior management of the NGO hit back, saying that the CWC order was baseless and they had not been informed about the probe at all.Amod Kanth, founder of the NGO and former chairperson of Delhi Commission of Protection of Child Rights said he personally checked the files of both the complainants and found no records of the complaint. \"The children were not forced to spend the night outside the dormitory as claimed. They were sitting on the stairs for some time after being told to not wear ornaments. When some children requested, they even had food,\" Kanth said. He added that the children living in the home are taught about manicure and pedicure and it is possible that they had done the same for the manager in question. \"But they were not forced to do so,\" he said.Arun Grover, director, Prayas, claimed the accused manager was \"informed about the complaint against her by an informal email, and no formal summon was issued\". \"She made a mistake by going to the committee without informing her senior, especially when there was no formal summon. How can the enquiry be proper if it is so one sided-when we were not informed about the allegations, or the order didn't come through proper channel?\" he said.Raaj Mangal Prasad, chairperson of the CWC Lajpat Nagar refuted the claims made by NGO. He said that the mails were sent to the manager from the official id. \"The CWC is a statutory body and we cannot comment on the allegations being made by the said NGO. Law will take its own course,\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116107", "title": "\u2018Time to rise above partisan politics for reforms'", "text": "Six decades ago, We the People committed ourselves, irreversibly, to the constitutional obligation of a parliamentary system of government. Although we've been independent since 1947, it was from May 13, 1952 that we embarked upon a journey that took us from subjugation to sovereignty. Sixty years later, our Parliament remains the most definitive symbol of our democracy representing our faith in the azaadi, swaraj, liberty, civility and pluralism espoused by those who laid down their lives in the freedom movement. It's our constitutional value system put into daily practice.After much deliberation, the Constituent Assembly decided that a parliamentary system was more suited to our needs than a presidential one. The promise of more effective parliamentary control over the executive tipped the balance in favour of the former. Many, in hindsight, question this. But one must temper this with the reality of our neighbourhood which has seen many an authoritarian executive overrun elected legislatures. While some of our neighbours share an uneasy relationship with military dictatorships, the Indian people proved that a so-called \"third world\" Asian nation could make parliamentary democracy work. The credit goes to our forefathers, in particular, to our first PM Pandit Nehru. He encouraged wholesome debates in Parliament. He always reminded his contemporaries that there could be no higher responsibility or greater privilege than to be a member of this sovereign body, responsible to the vast number of human beings living in this country.From ushering in social reforms to driving economic growth - Parliament proved it was competent to undertake the task of nation building. When the Supreme Court ruled in favour of the zamindari system, Parliament broke the back of feudalism, redistributing land and abolishing the privy purses. Parliament remains the custodian of the will of the people and the most reliable barometer of public interest.India today has changed drastically but we continue to be plagued by high levels of disparity, especially in terms of access to justice, information, economic and educational opportunities and basic essentials . The gap between \"haves\" and \"have-nots\" is widening. Parliament must rise above its role of a lawmaker and recast itself as arbiter of a new socio-economic dynamic. The late Rajiv Gandhiji took the earliest step in this direction ensuring decentralization of power, constitutional recognition to panchayati raj institutions. Over the last eight years, we walked this path, passing historic legislations like MNREGS, RTI and RTE. We now have on our agenda the right to food bill that will deliver the entitlement of two square meals a day. Time has come for us to rise above partisan politics on reforms in the judiciary, police, electoral process, agriculture, labour and the financial sector. Yes , we live in the age of coalition politics. But that doesn't entitle anyone to douse national aspirations that are ready to propel India to the status of a superpower.Even today, Parliament houses the finest people in public life. But sadly, parliamentary time being lost to disturbances is increasing. Stalwarts like Pandit Nehru , R M Lohia, Jyotirmoy Basu, Hiren Mookherjee, Piloo Modi, A B Vajpayee, Indrajit Gupta, Bhupesh Gupta, Jagjivan Ram, Somnath Chatterjee and Pranab Mukherjee never entered the well of the House to make their point. Today, media ends up providing little space to constructive debates. On Sunday my friends in the media can review their priorities.The time has come to reach a consensus on issues so that phrases like \"probity in public life\" are not rendered hollow.Let me remind my colleagues we've been bestowed a privilege. But with great power, comes great responsibility. We have to display the ability to answer the big questions of our times. History will judge whether we succeeded.PICK OF THE LOT: 10 BEST LAWMAKERS1. A K Gopalan (CPI/CPM)2. Nath Pai ( Socialist Party )3. Indrajit Gupta (CPI)4. Shyama Prasad Mookherjee (Jan Sangh)5. Feroze Gandhi (Congress)6. George Fernandes (Socialist Party)7. Atal Bihari Vajpayee (Jan Sangh, BJP )8. Madhu Limaye (Socialist)9. B R Ambedkar (Republican)10. Piloo Mody (Swatantra Party) Selecting entries to a Hall of Fame is a hazardous exercise. The task gets tougher when the field is full of extraordinary talent. Those who provided lustre to the institution and set benchmarks include Jawaharlal Nehru , Hiren Mukherjee, Y B Chavan, C Subramanium, Ram Manohar Lohia , Bhupesh Gupta, H V Kamath, Jyotirmoy Basu, N C Chatterjee, T Chengalvarayan, A G Kulkarni, Kalyan Roy, Y B Chavan, Sucheta Kripalani, J B Kripalani among othersThe writer is minister of state, parliamentary affairs", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13116446", "title": "Four Indian movies to premiere at Cannes", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian entourage at this year's Cannes Film Festival will be a mix of glamour and cinema. About four Indian films will be premiered and three beauty queens from Bollywood will be walking the red carpet.Anurag Kashyap's directorial venture 'Gangs of Wasseypur' (GOW) will premiere in the Directors' Fortnight section. Directors' Fortnight is a non-competitive section at the fest. Apart from 'GOW', which has been made in two parts, a third film 'Peddlers' will also be screened at the festival. \"Three of our films; 'Peddlers', 'Gangs of Wasseypur' (I &amp; II) at Cannes Film Festival. Huge moment of pride,\" Kashyap tweeted after the official announcement. Apart from this, Ashim Ahluwalia's film 'Miss Lovely' will also be screened at Cannes.\"It's great that 'Miss Lovely' gets to premiere at Cannes. I think it's important that India is seen as a country that produces different kinds of cinema,\" Ashim Alhuwalia said. Another short film 'Chana' directed by Nikhil Pherwani will be screened.Aishwarya Rai will be walking the red carpet for the 11 time this year. Though she will not be present at the opening ceremony, she will be attending the American Foundation For AIDS Research dinner along with other Hollywood celebrities.A source said, \"Freida Pinto who has made a name for herself in Hollywood will be attending the opening ceremony on May 16. Sonam Kapoor will be walking the red carpet on the closing ceremony.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115387", "title": "Traffic diversions at Vysarpadi", "text": "CHENNAI: To facilitate the construction of a road overbridge at the Vysarpadi underpass, the traffic police have announced a few diversions that will come into effect from Monday.According to a press release, the stretch of Erukkancherri High Road (E H Road) from Sundaram junction to E H Road-Muthumudali Street Junction will be closed for traffic. Vehicles going from Basin Bridge towards E H Road, Moolakadai should go via Sathyamoorthy Nagar Main Road, MKB Nagar Central Avenue and MKB Nagar West Avenue.The stretch from E H Road-Murthy Nagar Street Junction to Kalyanapuram Road Junction will be made one way with entry from E H Road.Muthu Mudali Street will be made a one-way stretch with entry from E H Road-Muthu Mudali Street junction. Murthy Nagar Street will be made one way with entry from Muthu Mudali Street Junction and no entry from E H Road junction.Sundaram Nagar Main Road will be made a one-way stretch with entry from Sundaram point (E H Road-Sundaram Nagar Main Road Junction) and no entry from Ambedkar College Road-A A Road junction. Vehicles going from Moolakadai on E H Road towards Vysarpadi underpass will be diverted at Dr Ambedkar College signal and will go via MKB Nagar West avenue, Central Avenue and Sathyamurthy Nagar Main Road.Vehicles on E H Road intending to go towards the Ganesapuram underpass will be restricted from entering Murthy Nagar Street and will be diverted via Muthu Mudalai Street, Dr Ambedkar College Road, the release said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115493", "title": "In principle approval for retail wine outlets plan", "text": "NASHIK: To boost the wineries in Maharashtra and make wine easily available to consumers at cheaper rates, the state government has approved, in principle, a proposal of opening retail wine outlets by the wineries across the state. Accordingly, wineries will now be able to sell wine distilled by them directly to the consumers, which will help make the wine cheaper by around 30 to 40 percent.For instance, a 750ml wine bottle priced around Rs 300 would be available for a much lower price ranging from Rs 180 to Rs 200. Only wineries will be allowed to open such multiple retail outlets and they can also appoint franchisees.\"Wine should be made easily available and at cheaper rates if we have to boost the wine industry. Considering this fact, we had mooted the idea of multiple-vendor shops or retail wine outlets and had sent the proposal to the state. The state has, in principle, approved the proposal. Only wineries will be allowed to open retail outlets and interested persons can also become franchisees of the wineries involved,\" Jagdish Holkar, chairman of the Indian Grape Processing Board (IGPB) and president of the All India Wine Producers' Association (AIWPA), said.\"With the retail outlets, wineries will be able to sell their wine directly to the consumers, eliminating the middlemen like distributors and retailers. As a result, consumers will get wine around 30 to 40% cheaper as compared to the present market rates and wineries will also have direct access to the consumers. This decision of the state government will help wineries to open multiple retail outlets across the state,\" Holkar added.A wine manufacturer said, \"Today, wine consumption in India is around 1.2 million cases (nine litres a case) and two percent of India's population consumes wine. Nearly 75% of India's population is under 25 years old, so this is an audience that is yet to really mature to wine drinking. Wine consumption in India is expected to double by 2015.\"Speaking to TOI, Jaideep Kale, technical coordinator, Grape Wine Park, MIDC, Pune, said, \"The Indian market is way behind heavy wine drinking countries like France and Italy, where consumption of wine is 60 to 70 litres per person. In USA, it is about 25 litres per person, in Australia 25 litres, while in China the consumption is four litres per person per year. But in India, consumption of wine per person per year is literally a sip, about 9-10 ml. But the Indian market has been growing at about 30 to 40% every year, according to a survey conducted recently by Rabo International Bank, and is expected to grow at this rate for the next five to six years, keeping with the global trends.\"\"Out of the total consumption of wine in India, around 80% consumption is confined to major cities like Mumbai (39%), Delhi (23%), Banglore (9%) and Goa (9%), while the rest of the wine consumption, that is, about 20%, is from the rest of India,\" Jaideep Kale said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115181", "title": "Provincial Civil Services officer posted in Lucknow commits suicide", "text": "LUCKNOW: A senior Provincial Civil Services (PCS) officer, Vinod Kumar Rai, posted as ADM (West) in the state capital allegedly committed suicide by consuming sulphas tablets late on Friday night. Rai was with his 22-year-old domestic help at his official Butler Palace residence when he took the extreme step.Rai was rushed to the Civil Hospital from where he was referred to the Trauma Centre at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University. After struggling for life for a few hours, Rai finally breathed his last at around 5am.Though the exact cause of Rai taking the extreme step could not be ascertained, family tension is suspected to be the reason. Rai's wife Neelima had left for her native district Deoria only a couple of days back. Rai belonged to Mau district.On Friday night at around 11pm, Rai had dinner and asked his maid Suresh to give him message. After sometime, Suresh went to his room. Meanwhile, Rai had a mobile conversation with his wife Neelima at around Friday midnight.After midnight, Rai allegedly consumed some sulphas tablets. Soon, he started feeling uneasy and woke up his domestic help Suresh. He then asked him to install a fan outside the room, the police said.Soon, Rai started vomiting and it was at that time he told Suresh about consuming sulphas. A panic-struck Suresh then alerted one of the Rai's neighbours, an ACJM. Rai was rushed to Civil Hospital from where he was referred to the Trauma Centre.DIG Ashutosh Pandey was informed about the incident at around 3.30am. Pandey rushed to the Trauma Centre and even talked to Rai. The DIG confirmed talking to Rai. He said Rai did recognise him by his voice and talked to him for a few minutes.After sometime Rai breathed his last.Family members of Rai, including his son Utkarsh, who is pursuing BTech in Noida and his wife Neelima were informed. By afternoon, both reached Lucknow, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124724", "title": "Railway officials still clueless on derailment incidents", "text": "VARANASI: More than 48 hours after repeated derailment of coaches of two trains at Cantonment railway station yard, the railway officials are groping in the dark to establish the cause of derailment. While a series of joint investigations by a team of mechanical and civil experts of NER (Varanasi division) and NR (Lucknow division) have been already carried out, the railway officials are not able to pinpoint the scientific cause of derailment.\"A series of investigations have been done to ascertain the cause and reasons for derailment but as of now, nothing concrete and substantial has come out to confirm the reason for derailment. The investigations are being done from all possible angles and there seems to be two possibilities indicating either defect in railway track or the coaches that were derailed,\" divisional railway manager (DRM), NER (Varanasi), Lalit Kapoor told TOI on Sunday.It may be mentioned here that the yard at Cantonment railway station near platform one (main platform) witnessed repeated derailment of coaches of trains in a spate of 24 hours recently. While a coach of Kanpur-Gorakhpur Chauri Chaura Express was derailed at the yard at the wee hours on May 10, as many as two coaches of Manduadih-Chapra passenger train were also derailed at the same site a day later to bring railway authorities on their toes. A number of senior railway authorities including general manager, NR (New Delhi), VN Rajshekharan and GM, NER (Gorakhpur), KBL Mittal along with DRM, NR(Lucknow), Jagdeep Rai and DRM, NER (Varanasi) have made a series of visit to the site after the derailment.\"The only confirmation is the fact that the derailment occurred at the point of crossing (number 274 and 275). It is also surprising that the process of derailment has been almost similar with all the three derailed coaches falling on the right side. As the derailment has occurred at the point of crossing, defect in the railway track is also not established,\" added the DRM, NER (Varanasi).Meanwhile, taking serious note of repeated derailment at the same site, orders have been issued to intensify preventive measures besides beefing up vigilance at the yard. According to DRM (NER), a total of three orders have been passed to intensify preventive measures including strengthening of crossing points, upgrading the drainage system to prevent waterlogging that weakens the soil and to intensify rolling examination to strengthen maintenance work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116004", "title": "Private agency to manage Sarobar traffic and parking", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Rabindra Sarobar reclaiming its position as a city hotspot, the Kolkata Metropolitan Development Authority (KMDA) is working on a comprehensive plan for managing the increasing flow of vehicular traffic to the lake. The job of traffic management and revenue collection will be outsourced to a private agency.A recent survey by Kolkata Improvement Trust (KIT) estimated a demand for parking 1,000 cars a day in the area. That number will only increase with KIT working on rejuvenating the Sarobar's ecology and creating recreational sports facilities aimed at making it an attractive destination for Kolkatans and tourists alike. Conserving the biodiversity of the lakes apart, KIT plans to set up recreational and leisure zones in the area. Once these facilities are complete, the number of visitors to the Sarobar is expected to increase exponentially.\"Many morning walkers reach the Sarobar by car and the area needs systematic traffic management along with parking facilities,\" said KMDA chief executive officer Vivek Bharadwaj.The Sarobar's surroundings are used daily by a large number of people for sports, cultural and other recreational activities. There is an 84-acre open space, including roads, within the 192-acre area for public use. Since the roads inside the Sarobar complex also double up as walking or jogging tracks, safety of morning walkers and joggers is a concern. At present, vehicles park in a haphazard manner in the Sarobar's periphery, adding to congestion on the roads.Given these circumstances, the authorities have found it necessary to act and regulate pedestrian and vehicular traffic around the lake for a sustainable development and management strategy for the Sarobar. According to plans, the selected agency will be responsible for traffic management and revenue collection in the entire area for three years. The agency will design and implement a comprehensive traffic and parking management system for the area, including setting up necessary infrastructure for access control, parking revenue collection and surveillance.The authorities have also fixed day and night parking rates that the selected agency will have to adhere to. For day parking (5am-9 pm), the first hour's rate will be Rs 10 for four wheelers and Rs 5 for two wheelers. This will increase by Rs 5 and Rs 2.50 for four and two wheelers respectively every half an hour. The monthly parking charges will be Rs 1,200 for four wheelers and Rs 600 for two wheelers. For night parking (9pm-5am), the first hour's rate will be Rs 30 for four wheelers and Rs 10 for two wheelers. The rates will increase by Rs 15 and Rs 5 for four and two-wheelers respectively for every half an hour thereof. The monthly night parking charges will be Rs 400 and Rs 150 respectively for four and two wheelers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13115778", "title": "Chen's family put under house arrest", "text": "BEIJING: Chinese dissident Chen Guangcheng's nephew was arrested on charges of attempted murder while his sister-in-law was put under house arrest in their hometown in the country's Shandong province on Saturday.Reports said Chen's nephew was charged with attempted \"intentional homicide'' of a lawyer who offered to defend the blind dissident after he escaped from house arrest on April 26. Chinese authorities did not confirm the reports.The move is seen as an attempt to intimidate the activist after Beijing reluctantly agreed to allow him to go to the US as part of an agreement with Washington during secretary of state Hilary Clinton's recent visit to the country. The activist had earlier escaped from house arrest %in Shandong and spent six days in hiding in the US embassy in Beijing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13116271", "title": "Remembering a rebellious musician", "text": "KOCHI: The heavy rain had dampened the Comrade Abu Square in Fort Kochi. However, the place soon turned vibrant with music that took listeners back to the days when singing was a sort of revolution.'Paattum Porattavum' was a perfect blend of Congo drums and Malayali's very own chenda, and a perfect beginning to the memorial meet for the singer of the twentieth century, Bob Marley.The event was held to remember Bob Marley , who had questioned the injustices in the society through his music.\"Bob and his music were born from protest and rebellion,\" said author-activist Meena Kandasamy, who inaugurated the event, calling it a wake-up call for all those who had grown accustomed to the ways of the society and had succumbed to fear and oppression.\"Today's mainstream artistes keep quiet about everything. There is a need to rethink the way art and artistes see themselves,\" she added.The event was attended by all kinds of audience, bound by music and reverence to the great Afro-American singer who had kindled courage in millions of minds when he said, \"Song never ends...struggle too.\"The event will conclude on Sunday. Music, drama, poetry, art exhibitions and presentations are part of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13119948", "title": "Crisis in Karnataka: Upset Yeddyurappa praises Sonia Gandhi", "text": "BANGALORE: Upset over the lack of support from Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) after SC's decision, former Karnataka chief minister BS Yeddyurappa said: \"I have to praise Sonia Gandhi . When she came to Tumkur, Congress party people are united and supportive.\"He further said: \"In the BJP, people will be waiting for a person to face some problem and then put him down, and grab his position. In our party, our leaders will be happy only after some kind of punishment is handed out, and that is difference with Sonia Gandhi.\"According to sources, Yeddyurappa nine of his supporters have threatened to resign from state assembly. They are apparently miffed over the lack of support shown to Yeddyurappa by the BJP after the Supreme Court ordered the CBI to probe him for nepotism, illegal land acquisition and favouring top mining companies. \"Few ministers and MLAs have tendered their resignations to me,\" Yeddyurappa said.Lashing out at BJP, Yeddyurappa said: \"In the BJP, people will be waiting for a person to face some problem and then put him down, and grab his position.\"Sources added that Yeddyurappa and his supporters are also upset over chief minister Sadananda Gowda and state party president KS Eeshwarappa not being supportive of him. The former chief minister is also feeling sad that Gowda 'betrayed' his trust.\"I don't know he has not submitted any resignation, I cannot comment on such news so far. Certainly not,\" said chief minister Sadananda Gowda.However, BJP leader Venkaiha Naidu said: BJP leaders shouldn't wash their dirty linen in public.Meanwhile, BJP president Nitin Gadkari said: I am hopeful that the ongoing crisis will be over.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13116654", "title": "First woman to sell land despite ban in Jind village", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Guddi, 49, has become the first woman to dare to sell her land in Thua village of Jind district Haryana whose panchayat had banned married women from seeking share from their parental property.She has become a rebel for the villagers, who are making all efforts to stop the selling of her land. Guddi wants to sell her 10 acres of land worth Rs 1.3 crore.Guddi is eldest among three children of landlond Tek Ram, who died in his young age. She has younger brother Chudiya Ram Kaliramna, 46, and sister Roshni, 40. The family has 42 acres of land in the village.Both sisters; Guddi and Roshni are married in Badanpur village of Jind district. According to Chudiya Ram, after the death of their father, Guddi and her husband, a retired Army man, used to monitor the affairs of their home.\"Around 20 days ago, Guddi made a deal with a villager to sell her share of agriculture land. She also took Rs 25 lakh as advance from the buyer,\" said Chudiya Ram. \"When we came to know, we approached the panchayat for help as traditionally no married woman sell her share of parental land,\" he added.\"Roshni has not expressed her willingness to sell her land, but if Guddi succeeds, then she may also follow her,\" said Chudiya Ram.Panchayat members and prominent persons of the villagers met Guddi thrice to pursue her not to sell her land. When the matter was not resolved, a panchayat was called on May 4 to declare that no married woman would seek her share from the parental land. The decision was withdrawn on Saturday after pressure from administration.\"She had promised us to return advance money and not to sell the land. But we are still not convinced whether, she would accept our request,\" said Amar Lal Kaliramna, a panchayat leader, who has been trying to resolve the matter.Villagers are expressing surprise over the move of Guddi to sell her share of parental land. \"It is wrong. All married women ultimately give land to their brothers,\" said Subhash, a villager.\"If any married woman wants to sell her parental land, she should give preference to her brother,\" added another villager.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13118909", "title": "Chennai Super Kings hope to upstage Kolkata Knight Riders at home", "text": "KOLKATA: Their winning streak halted, Kolkata Knight Riders would feel the Chennai heat at home on Monday especially after the two-time defending champions put their campaign back on track with two successive wins in the Indian Premier League.Known for their last minute scrambles, the Chennai Super Kings need to win their remaining two matches to assure themselves of a berth in the last-four and their captain Mahendra Singh Dhoni has a reputation of coming up with the best in pressure cooker situations.On the other hand, a win for the Knight Riders would hand them the pole position and a guaranteed place in the play-offs.Chennai's nine-wicket thrashing of leaders Delhi Daredevils on Saturday could not have come at a better time, as the Knight Riders were given a wake-up call by a Rohit Sharma-inspired Mumbai Indians in the afternoon match of the same day.After their humiliating 27-run loss at home, the Knight Riders would find themselves down while the Super Kings would look to avenge their five-wicket defeat in the first leg of the tournament.It was a ruthless performance by the Super Kings on Saturday as they did not allow the leaders to fight back right from the beginning when Australian quick Ben Hilfenhaus castled Virender Sehwag in the opening over.For Hilfenhaus, it was his second Man-of-the-Match performance in succession and the pacer, who was the wrecker-in-chief with 27 wickets in Australia's 4-0 rout of India in a recent Test series, would look to cast a spell on the likes of Gautam Gambhir and Jacques Kallis.It was not only Hilfenhuas but South African Albie Morkel was also at his best with impressive figures of 4-0-15-1 to restrict Delhi TO 114/5, a total that allowed the failing Chennai Super Kings batters to click for a win with 28 balls to spare.The best thing to have happened for the Super Kings was Murali Vijay regaining his touch. With 134 runs from his previous nine games, the pressure was on Vijay to reproduce his old form and the right-hander did just that, shepherding the chase with 48 not out from 40 balls (5x4, 1x6).Woefully out of form, left-handed Suresh Raina too seemed to have found his touch with 20-ball 28 not out, laced with two sixes and one four.Super Kings would hope that skipper Dhoni comes to his own as he is going through a poor run this season with 235 runs from 12 innings. The more alarming stat is that he has only four sixes this season, compared to 59 in his IPL career.An interesting battle would be on the cards when Dhoni takes on Sunil Narine to unravel his mystery spin as the Knight Riders would hope that their bowling after the last evening's slip up bounce back and restrict the Chennai batsmen on the tailor-made slow Eden track.For a team that had been among the most consistent in this IPL, Knight Riders' bowling was not at their best on Saturday with a generous dose of short-pitched deliveries combined with the width that helped Mumbai duo of Rohit Sharma and Herschelle Gibbs settle down quickly.Apart from Shakib Al Hasan (1/27) and Narine (0/28), all the other bowlers including Brett Lee (0/44) were sent to cleaners.Narine has maintained a frugal economy rate of 5.47 with 15 wickets from 10 matches while Shakib has 10 from four outings (at 6.06).It would be interesting to see whether the think-tank retains the seamers line-up of Lee, Kallis and Rajat Bhatia or brings in veteran medium pacer Laxmipathy Balaji.As far as the batting is concerned, the over-reliance on Gautam Gambhir was exposed on Saturday. The left-handed skipper, who has five fifties in his previous nine games including three MoM performances, fell for a rare duck in the opening over as the Knight Riders did not show any hunger for the 183-run chase.Teams (from):Kolkata Knight Riders: Gautam Gambhir (Capt.), Manvinder Bisla, Jacques Kallis , Manoj Tiwary, Yusuf Pathan , Debabrata Das, Shakib Al Hasan , Laxmi Ratan Shukla, Rajat Bhatia, Brett Lee, Sunil Narine, Eoin Morgan, Marchant de Lange, Ryan ten Doeschate, Chirag Jani, Iqbal Abdulla , Iresh Saxena, Jaidev Unadkat , Laxmipathy Balaji, Pradeep Sangwan, Sanju Samson, Sarabjit Singh Ladda and Mohammad Shami Ahmed.Chennai Super Kings: Mahendra Singh Dhoni (Capt.), Michael Hussey , Murali Vijay, Suresh Raina, Ravindra Jadeja, Srikkanth Anirudha, DWayne Bravo, Albie Morkel, Ravichandran Ashwin, Ben Hilfenhaus, Shadab Jakati, Doug Bollinger , Francois du Plessis, George Bailey , Scott Styris , Suraj Randiv, Abhinav Mukund, G Vignesh, Joginder Sharma, Kuthethur Vasudevadas, Subramaniam Badrinath, Sudeep Tyagi, Yo Mahesh and Wriddhiman Saha .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115101", "title": "Blackout in Delhi after major lines trip", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large part of the city was plunged into darkness for several hours on Saturday after rain and thunderstorm tripped three major power transmission lines - Wazirabad, Mandola and Rajghat.Areas that were worst affected included Shalimar Bagh, Rohini, Najafgarh, Patparganj, Mayur Vihar and ITO. Power cuts were also reported from south Delhi in areas like Mehrauli, Maharani Bagh and Siddharth Enclave after a local fault, said a power department official.According to a spokesperson of the Delhi Transco Ltd, which maintains the transmission network in the city, the problem started around 5pm.\"220 kv transmission lines at sub-stations in Wazirabad, Mandola and Rajghat tripped due to heavy rains and strong wind and led to the interruption in power supply to the North Delhi and Trans-Yamuna areas. Additionally, there was a technical snag reported in the Bawana sub-station which affected adjoining areas like Shalimar Bagh and Rohini,\" said Rishi Raj, the DTL spokesman.Restoration of power supply was done in a phased manner and was completed by 9pm. Tripping of power line in bad weather is mainly caused due to jerk in the line, technical defaults and major power fluctuation, Raj added.Meanwhile, the maximum power demand in the capital came down to 4,097 on Saturday from 4,477 MW of Friday The maximum power demand this season was recorded on Thursday when it touched 4,633 MW.According to power department officials, power cuts in south Delhi had nothing to do with the tripping of power lines. A tree had fallen on Aurobindo Marg, snapping an electricity line and causing power outages in the area.\"There was no electricity in our area from 5:30pm till 9:30pm. As soon as the rains began, there was a complete power complete shutdown,\" said Neha Sharma, a resident of Patparganj.Some of the offices in Laxmi Nagar area, claim locals, were closed early because of the prolonged power cut.\"We usually wind up our work by 7pm. However, we got off early on Saturday because there was no electricity in our shops for a long time,\" said Mihir Kumar, a software developer in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13115736", "title": "Declare Haqqanis as terrorists: Lawmakers", "text": "WASHINGTON: A bipartisan group of powerful US lawmakers has asked secretary of state Hillary Clinton to \"immediately designate\" the Pakistan-based dreaded Haqqani network as a foreign terrorist organization.The lawmakers, who have written a letter to Clinton in this regard, include senate intelligence committee chairman Dianne Feinstein and cice chairman Saxby Chambliss and house intelligence committee chairman Mike Rogers and Ranking Member Dutch Ruppersberger.The lawmakers pointed out that it was clear that the Haqqani network, based in Pakistan's North Waziristan, continues to launch sensational and indiscriminate attacks against United States interests in Afghanistan, and poses a continuing threat \"to innocent men, women, and children in the region\".\"Last week, our travel to Afghanistan for meetings with president (Hamid) Karzai, ambassador (Ryan) Crocker, general (John) Allen, and many military, intelligence, and state department officers serving in Afghanistan reaffirmed concerns substantiated by intelligence and our oversight work,\" the lawmakers wrote.The letter said there is little question that the Haqqani network meets the criteria for designation as a foreign terrorist organization (FTO) - it engages in terrorist activity that threatens the security of US citizens or the national security of the US.On November 1, 2011, the state department wrote that it was engaged in the \"final formal review\" on whether to designate the group as an FTO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13125101", "title": "'Solve silica sand mining problems'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Members and office-bearers of Silica Sand Miners Welfare Association have demanded to hold a meeting and resolve issues arising in the wake of recent order by the district authorities refraining them from undertaking any further work, said its president SP Rai.He said that the basic objective behind calling the meeting is to clear confusion about the trade because it is affecting lives of more than one lakh persons and their families.Rai said silica sand is a major mineral which is different from minor mineral. Lease for major minerals are given as per the guidelines and regulations of the Central government. Silica sand is found in abundance at Allahabad, Chitrakoot and Banda and is sent to different factories in India after treatment.He informed that among the major clients of silica sand in India are ordnance factories, BHEL, rail factories, iron foundries, glass factories, sheet glass manufacturers, refractories and silicate industry.He added that in compliance of high court directives, silica sand miners had also approached the state-level Environment Impact Assessment Authority for seeking environmental clearance but were exempted from it by the authority.The state government has not made its stand clear on renewal of lease of miners.The uncertainty over the issue is affecting the lives of more than 50,000 labourers and their families who have been rendered jobless and are on the verge of starvation.The area where these mines are situated in trans-Yamuna belt is prone to drought and not conducive for agriculture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115005", "title": "4,000 cases settled at Lok Adalat", "text": "NEW DELHI: More than 4,000 cases pending before various district courts in the capital were disposed of by a special weekend Lok Adalat on Saturday.The Adalat also awarded over Rs 45.20 lakh as compensation in 44 cases pertaining to Motor Accident Claim Tribunal after deciding them in a single day.The Adalat, organized by Delhi State Legal Services Authority in all six district courts, comprised 58 benches which dealt with the cases relating to dishonour of cheques, civil, labour, electricity, criminal compoundable offences and recovery matters. Several civil and criminal cases like matrimonial disputes and traffic violations referred to lok adalats by regular courts, were taken up for hearing to facilitate settlement. Out of the 4,000 cases, 197 criminal cases were disposed of by way of plea bargaining in a special sitting where any consumer having disputes could walk in for on the spot settlement of his dispute.Around 33 cases were disposed of at pre-litigative stage at Patiala House Court Complex, Tis Hazari, Karkardooma, Rohini, Dwarka and Saket district courts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115176", "title": "Help held for Rs 1.25 crore diamond theft", "text": "MUMBAI: The D B Marg police arrested a labourer for stealing diamonds worth Rs 1.25 crore from his employer. The accused, Kanhaiyalal Dave (30), said he committed the theft as he need money for his ailing child's treatment.Dave was nabbed with diamonds worth Rs 6 lakh while he was on his way to Malad (E) to sell off a part of the booty. \"The remaining diamonds were recovered from his residence in Mahalaxmi,\" said assistant commissioner of police Anant Jadhav.Dave commited the theft on May 2. The firm owner, Paras Kochar, lodged a complaint and the suspicion fell on Dave as he had left work after lunch and did not return the next day. His phone was switched off. Cops said, Dave had shaved off his hair to conceal his identity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13115663", "title": "'US to cut $50m from aid to Pak for each American killed by ISI-backed terrorists'", "text": "WASHINGTON: Alleging that Pakistan has for decades leveraged radical terrorist groups to carry out attacks in India and Afghanistan, a US lawmaker has introduced a bill that proposes to deduct $50 million from the US aid to Islamabad everytime an American is killed \"as a result of actions of ISI\".Congressman Dana Rohrabacher introduced the Pakistan Terrorism Accountability Act of 2012 on Friday 8%in Congress. The legislation would require the department of defence to list all Americans killed by terrorist groups operating with impunity inside Pakistan and Afghanistan and supported by elements of the Pakistani government.For each person killed, $50 million would be subtracted from US foreign assistance to Pakistan, a requested $2.2 billion, and given to the victim's family. Rohrabacher is chairman of the house foreign affairs oversight and investigations subcommittee.\"For too long America has funded the Pakistani government, giving it free money, while elements of the ISI and Pakistan's military operate radical Islamic groups that are actively murdering Americans. Americans will not accept this,\" Rohrabacher said.\"Pakistan has for decades leveraged radical terrorist groups to carry out attacks in India and Afghanistan,\" he said. \"Pakistan helped to create the Taliban and Pakistan's intelligence service hid Osama bin Laden from the US for years. Today, one of the most dangerous and sophisticated groups killing American troops in Afghanistan is the Haqqani network, which is closely operated by the Pakistani government,\" Rohrabacher alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13113815", "title": "'Need to involve dwellers in rehabilitation process'", "text": "Like in any other developing city, slums are a part of Nagpur's landscape. Life in slums is not easy. People who cannot afford proper housing, live in crammed structures, inhospitable and unhygienic surroundings, face perennial water and power shortage. However, they choose to do because of necessity and not choice.The Slum Rehabilitation Authority was constituted on January 24, 2004, with the basic responsibility being to survey and review existing status of slum areas, to formulate schemes for rehabilitation and to implement the rehabilitation scheme.In this interview with TOI, SRA secretary Ajay Ramteke hopes to provide better living conditions and livelihood for the urban poor by making available all basic amenities under Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).Excerpts from an interview:Q. What does the SRA do?A. In Nagpur, the SRA has yet to approve and implement any rehabilitation scheme for slum dwellers. SRA in general works on 50% rehabilitation component and 50% developed by the builder to construct and sell housing stock in the open market.But, due to the real estate slow down, reluctance of slum dwellers to shift to apartment housing clusters, the city's horizontal expansion due to surplus land and bigger areas occupied by slum dwellers, the SRA is not implementing any rehabilitation scheme.The Nagpur Municipal Corporation has appointed SRA as the nodal agency for implementation of Basic Services for Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme launched by the central government under JNNURM.Q. What are the emerging trends in urban poverty in Nagpur?A. Nagpur being one of the fastest developing cities in Central India, it is witnessing large-scale migration not only from neighbouring districts but also from states like Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh. The city has 424 slums out of which 287 are notified. But I feel that the growth of slums should be controlled and regulated.Q. Will schemes such as BSUP make any significant impact?A. The scheme adopts slum specific approach. Notified slums are selected, especially those which have more than 60% 'kuchha' and semi-pucca structure and that have inadequate infrastructure facilities. BSUP scheme deals with whole slum approach and giving tenure rights to slum dwellers. So, on one side, the scheme is beneficial to slum dwellers because it gives them tenure rights and the slum pocket will be denotified and it will no more be recognized as a slum. A slum dweller is the beneficiary independent of post or pre 1995. The scheme never talks about the footprint area which a slum dweller is occupying today. The scheme was framed by keeping scenario in Pune and Mumbai, where slum dwellers have less carpet area (less than 269 sq ft), but in cities like Nagpur where the existing average footprint area is 500 sq ft and the plot area is more than 650 sq ft, people are resisting the scheme in which a redevelopment model is proposed. In the past three years, under BSUP, a few constructions are going on but the impact has not been so significant.Q. What do you see as the key ingredients to address urban poverty in this decade?A. It will be worth it to make best use of Central Government funds. We must recognize investments by the civic body and local leaders in development of infrastructure and amenities in slums of Nagpur and also by the slum dwellers on their housing units. Eventually, housing should be provided to those who need and be given tenure rights.Q. Are there any successful, model initiatives in areas you have identified?A. We have learnt that supply-driven, top to bottom planning, will never work in slums. There is need to work on demand driven, bottom up planning. There is need to involve slum dwellers in the planning process and collectively solutions need to be carved out to deal with slums in the city.Q. Is it true that when slum dwellers are rehoused, they sell the house, take the money and move on?A. This is a common phenomenon. In slums, dwellers try to create small rooms within their existing hutment and given it on rent through which renting out a small is income generation activity in the slum. But to overcome this kind of situation, under BSUP, the concept of biometric cards came into picture to avoid duplication of beneficiaries and people renting out house and shifting to some other place and forming the slum. There is also a provision of formation of cooperative housing society and through that lease will be handed over to individual beneficiaries. It also mentions that beneficiaries can't sell their dwelling unit for the next 15 years.Q. Why is SRA criticized so much?A. The way SRA functions in Mumbai and Pune is completely a builder-driven model, in which the builder helps SRA to take consent from people and with that rehabilitates slum dwellers into 50% land and rest 50% land with FSI of 2.5 and more is sold in the open market, through which builders make money.Q. How is SRA profitable for builders? If yes, why are they not showing interest? If not, can government fund all schemes?A. SRA is a market driven scheme which creates a win-win situation for slum dwellers and the builders. Once the land on which the slum exists is approved for slum rehabilitation scheme (SRS), the FSI and the premium goes more than 2.5, sometimes even to 4. Out of the total funding in BSUP, 50% comes from central government, 30% from state, 10% from urban local bodies and 10% from beneficiaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "athens", "code": "13115759", "title": "Greece's president in last-ditch coalition effort", "text": "ATHENS: Greek President Karolos Papoulias has called the leaders of political parties to meetings on Sunday, in a last-ditch effort to broker a deal for a coalition government.Papoulias' office announced on Saturday that the president would meet initially with the heads of the three parties that won the most votes in Sunday's elections - the conservative New Democracy, radical left-wing Syriza and socialist PASOK. He will then meet individually with the leaders of the other four parties that won enough votes for parliamentary seats.If Papoulias fails to broker a coalition agreement, Greece will have to hold new elections next month. Greece's political landscape is in disarray after voters humiliated the only parties backing a rescue plan tied to spending cuts, leaving no bloc with sufficient seats to form a government to secure financial aid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13115664", "title": "Football tournament for corporates begins in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: They are masters of strategy, attack and defence clash in corporate boardrooms but now they are trying to apply their ideation, man management and tactical skills on the football field at the knockout Corporate Football Challenge ( CFC) tournament here in the city on Saturday.The tournament has been organised by the Coimbatore Times in association with Nehru Group of Institutions at the football ground outside Nehru Stadium near VOC Park in the city.The tournament was flagged off on Saturday by Dr P Krishakumar, CEO and Secretary of Nehru Group of Institutions.\"We wanted to provide an opportunity for the corporate people in the city to relax and bust their stress in the tournament. We also opted for the football tournament as the game will ensure overall participation and interaction from everyone on the field,\" said Dr P Krishnakumar, CEO and Secretary of Nehru Group of Institutions.It is also for the first time, the city hosted a knockout football tournament exclusively for its corporate sector. The cash prize for the winning team is Rs10,000 and each team will have five members.As many as 32 corporate teams including some of the prominent firms like Bosch, Cognizant, L&T; are participating in the tournament.\"It will be welcome relief for all of us from our busy schedules and participate in the tournament,\" said Khush Mishra, senior software engineer, Bosch.On Saturday, 24 matches were played till late evening from which four teams have already entered the quarter finals to be played on Sunday. These teams include Bosch (II Team), Yugam solutions and Xavy technologies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116204", "title": "Going for the diet scoop", "text": "Low Fat, Sugar-Free Ice Creams Get Popular As People Count CaloriesSix months after he opened 'Bellaria', a parlour that sells freshly made ice cream on Chamiers Road, Gopal Krishnan has realised that ice cream doesn't always have to be sweet.At the shop, customers can choose ice cream made from real white pepper or fresh mint. They can also choose between low fat, sugar-free or soy milk ice cream made with fresh fruits. \"More than 30% of the ice creams on our menu have this option and we have a lot of clients who are calorie-conscious, diabetic or lactose intolerant,\" says Krishnan, who runs the parlour along with his wife Avanthi Vissa.To cater to the increasing demand for healthy options, ice cream manufacturers are also coming out with newer varieties. \"More people are now health-conscious and don't want to undo all their hard work in the gym by eating high-fat ice cream,\" says Raghu, director of Emilio's Gelataria in Mylapore that was established in 2008. \"Gelato has only 6% fat as compared to the 11% in ordinary ice creams and about 25% in richer varieties,\" he adds.While low fat, fresh fruit ice cream tends to be more expensive, retailers say customers are ready to spend more. \"Fresh gelato, which is Italian for ice cream, is almost 92% fat-free and customers don't mind paying Rs 40 or Rs 50 extra for it,\" says Vipin Sachdev, who owns Pink Papaya Foods that runs Fresco Gelato, a chain of ice cream shops in the city.The best thing about freshly made ice cream is that it is made locally, in small batches and consumed immediately, so it is healthier. \"Since our tastes are used to artificially flavoured industrial ice cream, I have had customers complaining that natural ones, especially flavours such as pista, taste bad,\" says Sachdev. \"It takes a little time to acquire a taste for naturally flavoured ice cream.\"At Bellaria, strawberry and mango are the most popular fruit flavours. And every ice cream is made to order in front of the customers by blending in fresh ingredients and freezing it on a freezing pan. Vissa says things tend to get a little hectic sometimes because it takes about five minutes to make an ice cream. Since it has fresh ingredients and less fat and sugar, it has a short shelf life. \"We don't encourage customers to store this ice cream overnight as it contains fresh fruit,\" says Krishnan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115297", "title": "Mother\u2019s Day: Vanya Mishra surprises mom with a mobile", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Having pampered her mother year after year on this special day, this year Mother's Day is truly exceptional for Pantaloons Miss India Vanya Mishra.Raised by a single parent since the age of 2, Vanya admits that the Miss India tag was for her mother more than anything else in the world. In Mumbai right now, Vanya made sure she surprised her mother in advance by gifting her favourite mobile handset.\"My mother is my biggest support system - she is both my weakness and strength. Winning the Miss India title was for the sake of her happiness,\" says Vanya. She adds that she wanted her mother to feel proud of the only child, who she brought up with courage and love.\"I was surprised when Vanya gifted me my favourite mobile handset. It was a Mother's Day gift in advance since she had to leave for Mumbai. I was touched with the gesture,\" says Ved Mishra, Vanya's mother.Vanya's mothers informs that only two occasions in a year are very close to Vanya's heart - her mother's birthday and Mother's Day. \"Vanya has always done loving gestures like saving pocket money to buy me gifts. She treats this day like a festival,\" cites Ved.Recalling Vanya's younger days, Ved said, \"Once she bought me a purse which was priced beyond her pocket money. Her loving gesture of saving pocket money for months, to buy me the purse, touched my heart.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13115970", "title": "GCA president Dayanand Narvekar ousted in coup", "text": "PANAJI: Eleven of the thirteen managing committee members of the Goa Cricket Association sensationally joined hands in a coup, to oust president Dayanand Narvekar, in a resolution signed on Saturday.Narvekar has ruled GCA with an iron-fist since assuming charge for the first time in 1998. Since then, he has enjoyed uninterrupted and free reign except in 2009 when he, in an attempt to circumvent the rules, resigned six months prior to the elections, and then contested again. According to GCA rules, the president can only stay in power for two consecutive terms.\"We recommend to the general body, the expulsion of the president, Dayanand Narvekar, from the membership of GCA in view of his persistent activities detrimental to the interest of the association.\"We also resolve to exclude president Narvekar from the management of the association , pending the decision of his expulsion from the membership by the general body of the association,\" stated the resolution signed by 11 managing committee members on Saturday. The expulsion must be ratified by the general body of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13125010", "title": "17 shops gutted in textile market", "text": "SURAT: At least 17 shops were gutted in a major fire on the second floor of a textile market here on Sunday morning. There was no loss of life as it was a weekend and Kohinoor market was closed. However, a large quantity of stock was destroyed in the fire that raged for over 3.5 hours, having started at around 6 am. The fire started from Salasar Fabrics Private Limited and went on to engulf 16 more shops on the second floor of the market. At least eight fire fighters and seven water tankers were used for dousing the fire.Surat Municipal Corporation's (SMC) chief fire officer Pankaj Patel said, \"There are fire safety equipment in the market but it is not in a working condition. Fire extinguishers were not working and a huge stock of combustible material was lying in the parking area of the market. If the fire incident had taken place on a working day, then many lives would have been lost. This is second such fire incident in the textile market. Fire safety is a major cause of concern. We will issue the shop owner a notice and take stern action in the matter. The cause of fire is being investigated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119341", "title": "Why are divorced Indians remarrying their exes?", "text": "Hollywood actor Charlie Sheen recently said it's possible to remarry his ex-wife. A growing number of divorced urban Indians believe the same. Is a second time around realistic?Famous American film and television actor Charlie Sheen is in the news again for admitting to spending family time with ex-wife Denise Richards and holidaying with her for the sake of their two daughters. Replying to whether he saw himself remarried to the woman who divorced him in 2005 over an alcohol and drug abuse charge, Sheen said, \"(...)anything is possible.\"Assuming Richards agrees with Sheen, Nancy Kalish would say there is a good chance that the two will make a successful marriage the second time around. The psychology professor at California State University conducted a study across 42 countries, including India, for rare cases of people, who resurrected earlier relationships. She found that 64 per cent of them were successful.Bollywood actor Annu Kapoor's life could stand testimony to Kalish's claim. The 56-year-old remarried his first wife, Anupama (Pami), in 2008. Pami, 13 years his junior, was just 23 when she first married him in 1992. \"Perhaps her parents convinced her that she had made a mistake. We drifted apart. While she remarried in the US, I settled down with another partner, but both marriages failed,\" says Kapoor, who credits destiny for reuniting them in February 2008.Kavan and Maahir, Pami's sons from her previous marriage, got around to accepting Kapoor as their dad. \"I'm as fond of them as my son, Evaan, who Pami gave birth to in August 2008. All three of them call me bapuji,\" he says.In her book, Lost &amp; Found Lovers, Kalish speaks of successful reunions occurring when the couple, while married the first time, were very young and faced with external problems (financial constraints, parental opposition). \"Spending their formative years together helps build a love that endures. Many of the men reported that their lost first loves became the standard for all their other romances,\" says Kalish.Children work as cementOften, it's the presence of a child that lends ex-spouses the will to give a failed relationship a second chance. Hindi filmmaker Sanjay Gupta (of Kaante, Musafir fame) and wife Anuradha say their oneyear-old son Shivaansh is the reason they are together again. Gupta first married Anuradha in 1997, but their relationship was marred by petty fights. A divorce in 2004 didn't destroy Anuradha's faith in love, although she hadn't the faintest idea that she'd marry Gupta again. \"I had turned him down when he first broached the idea of remarriage, but slowly things changed. I was going through a surgery, and he was there for me,\" says Anuradha, who remarried Gupta five years after she split from him. \"Shivaansh keeps us together. We share a better understanding, I think, and make it a point to steer clear of previous mistakes,\" she says.Distance brings perspectiveThe reason, say couples, why a remarriage, even if with the same partner, could work better is due to an inevitable change in circumstances when the two are apart. Each uses the cooling-off period to reorganise his or her situation. Stayat-home moms look at becoming financially independent. Divorced men learn to make themselves comfortable with chores. This helps couples make sure they don't rush into remarrying the ex to maintain the status quo that existed before the separation, simply because things were 'easier' then.Kolkata-based producer Varsha Chhawchharia, who hails from the famous Bansal family that produced most Satyajit Ray films, and her chartered accountant husband, Ashish , are happily remarried. Their first marriage ended in divorce, and both stayed single until she met him on a visit to the UK and suggested they marry again. \"I used to miss him, and when we met, it felt natural to discuss remarriage,\" she says. The simple ceremony took place at her mother's Kolkata residence in August 2006, two years after the divorce. \"Our son, Vivaan, was born in 2009. When I see him dote on Ashish, I know I've done the right thing.\" Tragedy makes you wiser, believes Ashish. \"I realise that we respect the other's views more than we did, because we know what it is to be away from each other.\"'Coming out' to the kidsRelationship counsellors often warn couples of a backlash, especially from their adolescent kids. How and when to disclose news of the reunion is tricky. Anuradha Gupta says it's a question that haunts her often. Give it time, advises Anupama Kapoor, who was confident about her decision to move back to India with her sons. \"All kids from broken marriages have questions about why their parents split. At first, my sons met Annu at social dos, and were gradually told that 'he was married to mama once before'.\" Kapoor has simple advice for men taking a second plunge and dealing with kids: Be humble, honest and patient. \"That's the only way to bond and build,\" he feels.Questions to ask yourself", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13116242", "title": "Railways plans smart card for passengers", "text": "PATNA: The railways plans to introduce a universal ticketing system (UTS) to make travelling easier and hassle-free for passengers. Under the proposed plan, the railways would introduce a smart card system for easy procurement of tickets. This facility would come in handy for frequent rail travelers.According to a Railway Board official, the proposal is still under the consideration of the Union government which is keen to introduce it on the pattern of the unique identification (UID) project. The Centre is eager to introduce UTS in other modes of ground transport in the country as well, he said.The official said the Centre would come up with a feasibility study report soon in this regard. The railways would then work out the details in consultation with the Centre to turn the dream project into a reality, he added.According to sources, several private agencies have been working successfully in implementation of the UTS at the global level. Under the proposed system, a chip based on a smart card system would be required to be used while undertaking journey by the railways or any other mode of ground transport. The passengers would have to book their berths and seats in advance on the basis of the smart card system, the sources said.\"We have heard of such a plan. But we do not have any specific detail about how the project would be introduced in the railways, in particular. Nevertheless, it is a visionary plan which could ultimately facilitate train journey,\" the Board official said.According to sources, the proposed plan is already in operation in about 56 countries. The smart card could be used for travelling in metros, trains as well as inter-city buses plying across the country, the sources said, adding that the metros in Delhi has, of late, introduced a card system for daily commuters.With plans afoot to introduce metros and monorails in about 22 more cities in the country, including Patna , the UTS would prove to be a boon for those travelling frequently by trains, an ECR official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13114508", "title": "Woman 'thrown off' Mahanadi barrage not pregnant: Doctors", "text": "CUTTACK: The woman, who was allegedly assaulted and thrown off the Mahanadi river barrage by the family of a retired judge recently, is not pregnant. Doctors of the SCB Medical College and Hospital, where the victim is undergoing treatment, said on Saturday pregnancy tests conducted on the victim were found to be negative.\"Urine test and trans vaginal ultrasound (TVS) of the patient were conducted to ascertain her pregnancy but both her reports were found to be negative,\" said Dr Shyama Kanungo, head of gyneocology ward of the hospital. \"Uterus of the victim is of normal size and there is no foetus in it,\" Kanungo added.Twenty-three-year-old Mini Pradhan was thrown off the Mahanadi river barrage with her hands and legs tied on the night of May 9. She was rescued by local people in a very critical condition and is currently undergoing treatment in the ICU of SCB hospital. The victim worked as a domestic help for Bhubaneswar-based retired judge, Sameer Ray for five years and had allegedly married his only son, Satyabrata. The victim alleged that recently she had become pregnant and the Ray family was forcing her to abort the child but as she refused, the family hired goons to kill her. Acting on the complaint of the victim, police has arrested four persons, including the retired judge, his son and wife Gitika.Doctors also ruled out the possibility of the victim suffering a miscarriage due to torture. \"We conducted a very sensitive test, serum beta HCG, for diagnosis of any miscarriage, but result of this test was also negative. The victim is not pregnant, neither is there any sign of loss of pregnancy,\" the gynecologist said.The family of the victim on the other hand accused doctors of manipulating the reports to shield the accused. \"The doctors are lying just to shield the accused. Mini was over three months pregnant and her husband Satyabrata and his family were forcing her to abort the child. She had told me about this,\" said Bishnupriya Nayak, the victim's aunt. \"The accused had also taken my niece to unit-IV hospital for abortion but they did not succeed in their plans, following which they hatched a conspiracy to kill her,\" she alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13124967", "title": "This mother turned thief to fund son's education", "text": "SURAT: Fed up with paltry income of her husband and rising cost of living and education, a mother of four children in the city took to thefts.The woman, Muliben alias Manju Kishore Parmar, who was nabbed on Saturday, told crime branch sleuths that she also wanted her son to study but could not afford the school fees, which is why she started stealing valuables from homes. She also wanted a better life for all her four children, which includes three girls.Parmar, whose husband runs a roadside tea stall in Rander, was no ordinary thief. Unlike most thieves, she entered the houses during the day time and decamped with gold and silver jewellery and cash. She very deftly used cutting equipments to remove the window grills and then cut the cupboards.When she was arrested near Dhanmora Complex in Adajan, police recovered cash and jewellery worth Rs 52,350 that she had stolen from a house in the same area. Besides, two screwdrivers and hacksaw blades and an iron rod, police were surprised to find two black stones, usually used by goldsmiths, to check the purity of gold.\"She used to check the stolen jewellery by rubbing it against the black stones just as goldsmiths do. She wanted to be sure that whatever she stole is pure gold and will fetch good money,\" said J B Buval, sub inspector, city crime branchShe used to leave her house in the day time telling other members that she is going for some work. The family lives in a house in Ambedkar Nagar in Rander and originally belongs to Rajkot.\"The cutting equipments found from her possession are normally used by professional thieves and Parmar is an expert in using them,\" said Buval. Parmar learnt the techniques to open grill and break locks on her own and never kept a partner to avoid sharing of stolen material.She told police that she is not able to meet her children's expenses.Parmar told police that after observing movements of residents of a house, she used to decide the time to carry out thefts. Once the situation was ok, she entered the house from a grill by removing the screws. She then cut the cupboard lock using hacksaw and iron rod. In fact, Parmar had started stealing in 2008 and was arrested in the same year by Rander police and Umra police for two different crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13114937", "title": "Property tax net to include slums?", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has decided to formulate a policy for slumdwellers to include them in the property tax ambit. At present, they are exempted from the tax. Civic officials said until 2002, service charges, Rs 100 for residential hutments and Rs 250 for commercial, were being collected from slums.\"All slum improvement schemes were being implemented through this money. After 2002, we haven't charged them anything,\" said an official from the assessment and collection department.Additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said, \"Making them pay according to the ready reckoner rates will be too much. We have to derive a policy taking into considerations all the aspects.\"An official said that the BMC was considering amending the Act to include slumdwellers or go with the current rules and manipulate them according to the needs of the slumdwellers.\"Unauthorized structures will also be charged as they are using the property. In case of illegal structures, we will collect taxes until it is demolished or action is taken,\" said an official.Activists have called the proposal unfair as \"civic services are practically non-existent in slums\".Meanwhile, the BMC has included chawls as \"kutcha\" structures instead of \"pukka\". \"This has been done to reduce valuation for chawls, which are pukka structures. They will pay .50 of the ready reckoner rate rather than .70,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119482", "title": "Simar's new nemesis", "text": "There is a new twist in the offing for the fans of Sasural Simar Ka. Simar aka Dipika Samson will soon come across her latest nemesis, a new character to be played by actress Jyotsna Chandola, who was last seen in Zee TV's Mrs Kaushik Ki Paanch Bahuyien.The new entry will avenge Simar her sister Akansha's death. The Bharadwaj famliy wanted to get rid of Akansha. The two brothers - Prem and Siddhanth framed her falsely and as she tries to escape the court's proceedings and escape the punishment and shame, she meets with an accident and dies and that's how Jyotsna comes into the picture. A source informs, \"\"Jyotsana will play the character of Khushi. She has come to create havoc in Simar's life.\"\" Jyotsna remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115066", "title": "Now, DLF to run surface parking at Sarojini Nagar market", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come next week and DLF Limited - concessionaire for the multilevel parking lot at Sarojini Nagar - will also be in charge of maintaining and operating the surface level parking in the market. New Delhi Municipal Council (NDMC) is likely to hand over the parking space to the private firm on Monday.On May 4, NDMC had terminated the contract of the contractor who was running the surface level parking. NDMC officials say that as per the contract of the multilevel parking, DLF is expected to operate the surface level parking too. \"We will hand over the parking lots to DLF next week, most likely on Monday,\" said a senior NDMC official.Confirming the report, DLF's spokesperson, Sanjay Roy, said, \"We are taking over the surface level parking lots in Sarojini Nagar market.\" However, he refused to divulge more information on the plan to regulate traffic movement and the maintenance of parking lots.NDMC officials say that DLF will not be allowed to make the shopping complex -part of the multilevel parking project - operational till the civic agency is \"satisfied with the traffic arrangements made by the private concessionaire and maintenance of the surface level parking lots,\" said an NDMC official. The civic agency had already demarcated parking space for vehicles a month ago.NDMC officials say that apart from the maintenance of the surface level parking lots, DLF is also expected to deploy marshals to ensure smooth flow of traffic in the area.Opening of the multilevel parking last December had triggered massive traffic jams in the already congested market. Traders say that it takes close to 20 minutes to park a vehicle at the parking. \"As it takes a lot of time to park and retrieve vehicles, serpentine queues can be seen outside the parking lot, specially during peak hours. Considering the gravity of the problem, NDMC had worked out a traffic plan but it was of little use. Now that DLF is going to take over, we want them to streamline traffic,\" said Pramod Sharma, president of Sarojini Nagar Traders' Association.Rajeev Talwar, group executive director, DLF, said, \"The automated multilevel parking is a new concept and it will take time for people to accept it. We have finally been able to streamline operations and have achieved a target of over 600 cars in a day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bharuch", "code": "13116373", "title": "Dahej Special economic zone records 864 crore export", "text": "BHARUCH: Dahej SEZ has exported goods to the tune of Rs 864 crore in the financial year 2011-12, an increase of 75% as compared to last year. Incidentally, it is only the second year of the SEZ's operation.Dahej SEZ Ltd chief executive officer R J Shah told TOI on Wednesday, \"In 2010-11, exports were to the tune of Rs 429 crore. We expect it to reach Rs 1,500 crore in 2012-13.\"At present, 13 units of the 66 allottees are functional in Dahej SEZ. The other units too are going to become operational soon as the basic infrastructure - roads, electricity, water, drainage, etc, - have already been developed. Around 2,000 vehicles can be parked in a corridor near SEZ, said Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13116005", "title": "Punjab eye victory against Hyderabad to stay alive for playoff", "text": "MOHALI: Seen through a statistician's eye, this is a contest between the most exciting team, as far stretching the match to the last over is concerned , and the bottom ranked team of IPL 5. Ideally, that would make it more of a mismatch but there is a hint of irony lurking as Team Punjab take on Team Hyderabad at the PCA Stadium in Mohali on Sunday.While Hyderabad have nothing to lose, there is everything for Punjab to gain out of this crucial tie, though they will be dangling between the dilemma of playing a calculated game or going all out against a down-and-out team, because a loss here would almost seal their chances of a play off berth. Yet, this is also the best possible opportunity they have to strengthen their play-off berth and stay afloat as the scramble gets intense day by day.A win here will not only be a psychological boost but also bring cheers to the local fans who have seen the home team win just one match at their home ground. Hyderabad, on the other hand, can afford to throw the steering wheel out of the window and go full throttle. If they manage to knock off the hosts they can wink and smirk and move on. Of course, their pride will also be salvaged to some extent. The visitors have the freedom to chop and change their team composition.Team Hyderabad skipper Kumar Sangakkara said, \"Despite scoring 180 plus in most of the matches we still ended up on the losing side. That's a bit sad but yes we did commit some serious mistakes in bowling and fielding in some crucial matches. Nevertheless, we will play for pride here.\"Plagued with some scratchy performances by key players throughout the tournament, the skipper said, \"Some of the fringe players might get a chance to play.\"Team Punjab are unlikely to tinker with their winning combo but will be determined to win here.\"I don't think we are still in a must-win situation, but yes, we are in the business end and every team is desperate to win now. There is nothing wrong with our team balance with respect to the Mohali pitch, but I don't know why we have lost here to with most of the teams,\" he said.South African pacer Dale Steyn would be the key man for Hyderabad to restrict Punjab to a modest total. For Punjab, Azhar Mahmood still remains their trump card.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114942", "title": "Gala time ahead for movie aficionados", "text": "BHOPAL: It's raining multiplexes this season. With a seven-screen multiplex slated to open its door this month in the capital and another inaugurated recently in Ujjain, cine lovers never had it so good.Ashish Jain marketing manager, Aashima mall on Hoshangabad Road, where one of the multiplexes would come up, said, \"Cinepolis, an international multiplex, would become operational by the end of this month. But there are no fixed dates yet.\" Cinepolis India is a wholly-owned subsidiary of the Mexico-based multiplex chain Cinepolis. The seven-screen multiplex, which will have 1,457 seats, will feature Hollywood standard 2k digital screens, 7.1 Dolby digital audio as well as 3-D screens powered by Real-D, the world's best 3-D technology.Cinepolis Bhopal will showcase over 35 shows in a single day. Further, the multiplex would also have its in-house coffee shop.Akash Sharma, an engineering student and a cine buff, said, \"The opening of multiplexes is definitely good news for the cinema lovers of Bhopal. There is a dearth of good halls where we can watch 3D Hollywood movies. Also multiplexes have better crowds where you can watch films in peace unlike the single screens. The movie watching experience would improve.\"Another well-known multiplex chain has just announced its opening at the Treasure Bazaar Mall at Ujjain. According to an official release, PVR Cinemas opened a three screen 'low frills' multiplex at the cultural city of the state. PVR Cinemas is already operational in the commercial hub Indore. It is also slated to start functioning at Aura Mall at the E 8 Extension of the city this year.Amresh Pandya, marketing head of Aura Mall, said, \"The multiplex would have three screens. It should be operational around Diwali this year.\" With the current slew of mall opening in the state and many more on their way, it is only looking up for movie goers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13116484", "title": "For 2 years, AIR icon\u2019s widow denied Rs 1.5k monthly pension", "text": "NEW DELHI: For 95-year-old fragile Coralie Emma de Mellow, every day is a struggle against red tape for restoration of a measly monthly pension of Rs 1,500, which was stopped less than two years after it was granted in recognition of her husband Melville's iconic stature as a commentator and newscaster in the All India Radio (AIR).Melville left a legendary legacy in live commentary. He was a crowd-stopper commentator, who created a record and shot into fame by his moving non-stop account for seven hours from an AIR van on Mahatma Gandhi's last journey from Birla House to Rajghat in 1948.His account of Republic Day parades for years -in his inimitable baritone in impeccable English - is still remembered more than two decades after he passed away at the age of 76 in 1989. He had the ability of transporting the adrenalin rush of a thrilling hockey match between India and Pakistan to millions of living rooms where radio used to occupy a pride of place.The present generation mat have forgotten the excitement of live radio commentary and Melville's gifted expertise in making listener watch the match through his voice. The authorities have forgotten that government had honoured Melville with Padma Shri in recognition of his services in AIR and Doordarshan.Coralie fondly remembers her husband's career from a lieutenant to an ace commentator in AIR. And she is so proud of her husband that she finds it awkward to beg for the paltry Rs 1,500 that was granted to her in March, 2008, by the government in recognition of Melville's immense contribution to radio and TV in their nascent years in India.But, her friends know how in her advanced years she needs this pittance. Advocate Brijesh Kalappa tried to impress upon her plight with Prasar Bharati, but was told that there was no provision for grant of monthly pension. He was promised that the Prasar Bharati CEO would try to release a lump sum amount for her. Even Congress MP and AICC general secretary Oscar Fernandes wrote to information and broadcasting minister on November 17, 2011, about the suspension of pension from January 14, 2010, and sought its early resumption. But, nothing has yielded results so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13125163", "title": "Mother's Day brings families together", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Oscar nominated film of yesteryears \" Mother India\" directed by the legendary director, Mehboob, epitomised motherhood in true form bringing into sharp focus the role and importance of mother in one's life and Mother's Day is definitely the occasion which makes us realise this fact. And what more than to make her feel special was the general feeling among people from cross section of society who tried to make the moment big for their mothers.For them mother is the eternal umbrella which always remains open for her children in times of distress. She is one who braves the cold to keep us warm, keeps us untouched from the sweltering heat, bites her hunger to feed us, and stands by us even when the whole world has turned hostile.Sharing his views with TOI, a government employee, Dwijendra Kumar said, \"For me and my brothers and sisters, our mother holds special significance given the fact that it was under her tutelage that we grew up and became responsible enough to build our career and earn a place of dignity in life. My father a government employee, most of the time remained posted out of station and it was my mother who had a towering influence on me and my siblings.\"Appreciating her will to take upon the mantles of running the family in her husband's absence, he said, \"The biggest quality which made us adore and admire our mother is that she was able to effectively imbibe the role of a mother and friend with admirable ease. At no point did we ever felt like being deprived of any comfort or support which one feels with the presence of a senior male member like father.\" To make the moment memorable me and my brother who has also dropped in have decided to organise a small get together where we would sit together to share some nostalgic moments and bring alive memories of the yesteryears.Besides gifts in the form of small mementoes, would be perhaps enough to convey the message \"Mom we love you and care for you.\"On the other side there were those also, who are not so fortunate to enjoy the company of the person for whom the occasion is dedicated given the fact that they were snatched by the cruel hands of destiny. For them it was the moment to recollect fond memories of the period which they spent in the company of their mother who by all counts is considered to be nature's best gift to mankind, said Prakash Chandra Tripathi, a railway employee who misses his late mother badly on this occasion.But there were others like Purshottam Rangani who thought it the ideal occasion to invite his younger siblings and recollect the memories of his late mother, Indira whom they lost two months back. \"Her memory remains etched in our heart and mind given the fact that she stands tall for her role in running the household after the death of her husband some 30 years back,\" he said.\"Being the eldest the responsibility of managing the financial affairs of the house fell on my shoulders which I gracefully accepted. But it was mother who always made my junior siblings follow my command in daily life and respect my suggestions in charting their career. Perhaps this is the reason why I have been successful in getting my brothers and sisters settled and leading a prosperous life,\" Rangani said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13116475", "title": "Global meet on trends in engineering at Nitte", "text": "MANGALORE: NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte will host a two-day International Conference on Emerging Trends in Engineering - (ICETE-'12) at the institute campus from May 15.The conference will be inaugurated by Dr Nilesh J Vasa, professor and head, department of engineering design, Indian Institute of Technology, Madras (IIT-M), Chennai and will deliver the keynote address. Dr. Apitep Saekow, dean, faculty of science and technology, Stamford International University, Bangkok will be the guest and Dr S Y Kulkarni, principal, NMAMIT, Nitte will preside over the function.This conference is aimed at providing an international forum for industry professionals, research scholars and technical PG students to deliberate, explore and contribute their research to discuss the latest development in the fields of engineering and technology. The conference is organized by the department of computer science and engineering in association with Nitte Education Trust.About 360 original technical research papers have been received from all the over the world and will be presented in the conference. During this occasion, the conference proceedings containing abstracts of the papers will also be released. The best selected papers will be published in the second issue of NMAMIT Annual Research Journal.This conference is aimed at providing an international forum for industry professionals, research scholars and technical PG students to deliberate, explore and contribute their research to discuss the latest development in the fields of engineering and technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115642", "title": "Ramdev backs quota for Muslims and Christians, seeks their support in graft fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stepping away from the RSS stand, yoga guru Baba Ramdev on Saturday supported Muslim leaders in their demand for reservation for both Muslim and Christian dalits and sought their active participation in his black money campaign.\"I did not know till recently that Article 341 does not cover Muslims and Christian Dalits. This is not fair. dalit is a dalit, whether s/he is a Hindu, Christian or a Muslim. So, all Dalits should get equal rights. We will have to struggle to achieve this. We will launch a struggle (for this). I extend my whole-hearted support,\" he said.Article 341 of the Constitution excludes Muslim and Christian Dalits from reservation.He made this statement, while addressing a convention organized by the All India United Muslim Morcha. The advocacy for extending quota benefits to Dalits belonging to the minority communities comes ahead of his much-hyped dharna at the Ramlila Maidan on June 3. The move is being seen as a comeback opportunity for Ramdev, who lost some of his sheen at the same venue last year, when he had cloaked himself as a woman in a futile bid to escape a police crackdown.Muslim outreach can confound his critics as well as supporters. Members of Team Anna have been averse to partnering him in anti-graft campaign because of his strong Hindutva leanings. Conversely, his saffron tilt is the reason why he seems to enjoys sympathies among RSS and other Hindutva outfits.A puzzled BJP made plain its disagreement with Ramdev on whether Christian and Muslim Dalits are eligible for quota benefits, although it spared him the vehemence that it has shown to others holding a similar position. BJP spokesperson Shahnawaz Hussain said, \"Ramdevji has a right to his own opinion but the BJP wants Muslims to prosper as Indian citizens and does not view them through a religious prism.''He added, \"Our Constitution makers had taken all aspects in to account to reject religion based reservation. The Mandal Commission has already included the backwards in its ambit. People were considered Dalits on the basis of caste and both Islam and Christianity do not recognize untouchability. '' Whether the Dalits among Christians and Muslims are eligible for reservation benefits on par with those from the majority community has been a polarizing issue, with RSS and BJP stoutly opposing for the fear that extending quota to other communities will open the floodgates for conversion. Hindu Dalits are also against it as they don't want other communities to usurp their quota.Extending his support to Dalits in minority communities, Ramdev appeared keen to woo Muslim organizations pointing out that the minority community continued to be impoverished because of corruption. Announcing that he would launch a major campaign in August, Ramdev said that the government could act if it wanted to. He claimed that the government told the Supreme Court that he was removed from Ramlila Maidan last June as there were \"anti- national elements\" in the surroundings of the venue.\"What are they trying to say? There is a mosque outside and their argument was that that you people are out to kill me. I never believed. I consider you (Muslims) as my brothers,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115097", "title": "United Kingdom activist takes up cudgels for youth in Pakistan prison", "text": "MUMBAI: The campaign to repatriate Vile Parle resident Bhavesh Parmar from a prison in Lahore is gaining momentum with a lawyer-activist from the UK joining voice to the cause. Jas Uppal has been lobbying to secure the freedom of another Indian, Sarabjit Singh , who remains incarcerated in Pakistan .\"I have filed a complaint with the United Nations , Amnesty International and Human Rights Watch in relation to Bhavesh Parmar's case. I am also raising awareness in the West and with politicians in India,\" Uppal told TOI from Birmingham.Bhavesh's trauma unfolded in 2004 when the mentally ill youth, who was 25 years old, wandered away from his apartment building in Subhash Lane, Vile Parle (E). His father had succumbed to cancer just a few days ago, and to compound his misery, his prolonged absence from work as he tended to his sick parent had cost him his job as well. Bhavesh travelled to Amritsar and crossed over to Lahore aboard the Samjhauta Express where he was arrested by the Pakistani authorities.Years went by before his family discovered his whereabouts. In February, in a rare spell of lucidity, Bhavesh scribbled his address on a chit of paper and handed it to Ram Raj, another Indian inmate who was soon to be released from prison. It was Raj who informed his mother, Hansaben, of his plight.Jas Uppal says she is privy to the formal exchange between the authorities in this matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115746", "title": "Ship with 11 Indians hijacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Twenty-six crew members, including 11 Indians, have been held captive by suspected Somali pirates after the hijacking of a Liberian-flagged crude tanker off the Omani coast, the Directorate General Shipping said on Saturday.The pirates boarded MT Smyrni while it was sailing in the Arabian Sea on Thursday afternoon, a DGS statement issued late this evening said. The DGS has asked the ship's manager and recruiting agent in Mumbai - Dynacom Tankers Management - to obtain information on the condition of the Indian crew. The vessel, loaded with 135,000 tonnes of crude and owned by a Greek company, is headed towards the Somalian coast, it said. The abducted Indians include the master of the vessel, which also had 14 Filipinos and a Romanian.According to a BBC report from London, the hijacking is thought to have happened about 630 km off the Omani coast.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115693", "title": "Lawyers miffed at being sidelined by Congress party", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Lawyers have always supported the Congress party, yet the party does not accord them proper place, be it parliamentary or assembly elections, said chairman, Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee (UPCC) legal cell UN Sharma. He was addressing the convention of lawyers organised under the aegis of UPCC legal cell here on Saturday.Sharma said 2-3 decades back, the Congress used to give tickets to more than 25% lawyers in assembly and parliamentary elections, but that is no longer the case now.The lawyers are upset at the debacle of the party in assembly elections and time has come to make amends for saving the party from further drubbing in the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.He said a delegation of lawyers would meet the Congress president Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi to apprise them about the views of the lawyers.City Congress president Shyam Krishna Pandey said, \"Professionals, including lawyers, doctors and teachers, pass out from the highest temples of learning in the form of universities and they should be given due weightage by all political parties.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114222", "title": "Your SD card could be a fake", "text": "HYDERABAD: Gold is no longer glittering at the top of the smugglers' wish list. Flooded with an unprecedented demand for SD ( secure digital) memory cards from the users of mobile phones, cameras, MP3 players and gaming devices, these micro cards are being smuggled in by the kilos across the country including Hyderabad. And an alarming aspect of this new-found craze is that most of the cards, despite having the stamp of big names, could be fake.So rampant has the smuggling of SD cards become that in the past six months alone customs sleuths have seized over 65,000 SD cards worth Rs 1.3 crore at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport here and arrested six smugglers. Similar cases are being reported from cities like Mumbai, Delhi and Bangalore as well.\"Most of them were caught smuggling 2 GB SD cards including of major players like Sandisk and Transcend. We were told that these cards are being sold by the kilo in countries like Taiwan and China where smugglers pick them up and sell the same in India where there is a good market for them,\" said a customs officer.Customs officials are still trying to figure out the rationale for the smuggling of these cards, when the customs duty that they attract is a meagre 6.18%. Industry sources point out that this is not a simple case of customs duty evasion but a large-scale racket involving smuggling of fake SD cards of various capacities made in China into the country via Hong Kong, packaged as genuine versions of brands like Sandisk, Kingston, Transcend and Sony and sold at a huge profit to unsuspecting customers.While in some cases these fakes are sold at hefty discounts in small mobile shops and pan shops in the city and villages, they are also being sold at MRP in bigger stores, said sources. In fact, so huge are the volumes in the SD cards trade that their prices actually fluctuate throughout the day like gold prices. Sources alleged that so rampant was the problem that even some known players from the computer wholesale hub in Secunderabad are also allegedly involved and could have been passing off a huge chunk of fakes to dealers as originals.Admitting to the proliferation of smuggled SD cards, an official at one of the large players in Secunderabad area said on condition of anonymity: \"There is a problem of loose material being smuggled in and packed locally and this problem is more prevalent in brands like Sandisk, which is disturbing the market. Though we have complained to the company to take action to stop parallel imports and, though they have promised to control it, the problem continues unabated.\" Even queries emailed to a PR representative of Sandisk in India failed to elicit any response.In fact, so authentically packaged are these fakes that even dealers admit to being unable to spot the difference. \"We have been in this business for quite a while but even then can't tell fakes from the original as they are so well-packaged,\" said Shahezad M, proprietor of Master Communications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115563", "title": "New policy to help small-scale industries: Vijaywargiya", "text": "INDORE: The state government is mulling over a new industrial policy for the state, which will offer better facilities to the small-scale industries willing to set up their base in the state. Talking to ToI on the sidelines of the CII agribusiness summit, state industries and information technology minister, Kailash Vijaywargiya said, \"We are planning to give lots of incentives to the industries ready to invest a minimum of Rs 5 crore in the state.\" Allotment of land at a reasonable price, reduction in the sales tax services and subsidised power will be provided to them, added Vijaywargiya.He said that World Spices Corp has already evinced its interest in investing in the field of food processing sector while another industrialist and actor Rahul Roy is likely to discuss his investment plans in the state soon. For global investors' summit scheduled to be held in Indore in October, we have already received investment proposal worth Rs 44,000 crore in the agribusiness sector. MM Upadhyaya, agriculture production commissioner, said that we are all set to invite an investment of Rs 1 lakh crore in the sector during the current fiscal. The focus of the new policy, which will be an amended form of state industrial policy 2010, will be to make it an investor-friendly. PK Das, MD, TRIFAC, said that we will try to enrich state kitty through generation of employment and skill formation.As a part of it, we will be providing the status of category 'C' to all those industries that are willing to invest Rs 5 crore or more in the state, disregard of the status of the city where they are going to set up their base.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13115028", "title": "Traders' protest enters third day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The traders' strike at Sarojini Nagar continued for the third day as nothing concrete came out of their meeting with chief ministerSheila Dikshit on Saturday evening. Traders say till the time NDMC doesn't scrap its decision to allocate 112 sites to street vendors, they will not call off the protest.\"We were hoping that the chief minister calls NDMC officials to discuss the issue. Though nothing conclusive was decided in the meeting, the CM has assured us that she will discuss the matter with NDMC officials,'' said Pramod Sharma, president, Sarojini Nagar Traders' Association. He added, \"We want the agency to follow the Delhi Master Plan-2021 which mentions the number of street vendors allowed to operate in the market.\"On Saturday, three other associations-Subzi Market Association, Mini Market Association and Babu Market Association-joined the strike. All four markets, including Sarojini Nagar were closed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114725", "title": "13 youths duped of Rs 26 lakhs for job abroad", "text": "JAIPUR: In a yet another cheating case 13 youths were duped Rs 26 lakhs by a company in pretext of providing them a lucrative job in abroad.The victims initially waited for the promise to be fulfilled, but when they neither got any job nor the money they had paid, they approached the police at Vidhyadhar Nagar police station and lodged a cheating case.Kushal Singh, Station house officer of Vidhyadhar Nagar police station on Saturday said that one Bajrang Singh, manager of Aravali Overseas Company has lodged a case through 156(3) Istegasa compliant(legal complaint) that 13 youths had deposited him Rs 26 lakhs on the direction of the head, Manzoor Ali and secretary, Jahangir Ali.\"Bajrang stated that he was an employee of the company and the youths have been asking him to return the money. He stated that the head, Manzoor and secretary, Jahangir had closed the company and fled with the money they had collected from the youth,\" Singh added.Based on the complaint lodged by the manger of the company, we have lodged a case of cheating against Manzoor Ali and Jahangir Ali.Asked why the manager of the company lodged a case, Singh said, \"He says that he was an employee of the company and he has nothing to do with the cheating case. Still, we are investigating if he too has a role in it or not.\"In another case of cheating a youth was cheated of Rs 20,000 in pretext of providing them a training of pilot. \"The victim youth Khuswant Singh(24) a native of Ajmer has lodged a case of cheating against one Rakesh Sharma at the Jawahar Circle police station,\" said an officer with Jawahar Circle police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13115197", "title": "Youth shoots himself in public park", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Laying your hands on country-made pistols is so easy. This fact again came to light when Nidesh Sharma, 27, of Sector 43 procured and used a pistol to end his life in a public park in Sector 27 on Friday night. The body was recovered along with the weapon and a detailed suicide note in the wee hours of Saturday. His cellphone was also recovered and call details are being scrutinized.Police said as no another cartridge was recovered from the spot, it seems the weapon was purchased along with one cartridge only.In the suicide note, Nidesh, who was an MBA student and was preparing for civil services, mentioned that he was not happy as he had strained relations with his family and that his body should be handed over to his friends. Sub-inspector Gurcharan Singh said Nidesh was disowned by his family some time ago. He even had verbal arguments with his family members on Friday. He is survived by mother and a sister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116050", "title": "Taming the Web, are we?", "text": "Two decades after its advent changed our lives, the world wide web - as we know it - faces a grave threat. Not from governments alone, but also from tech companies seeking to play gatekeepersThe /b/ section at www.4chan.org is so extreme in nature that even web veterans squirm at the thought of going through it. Anyone can post virtually any picture here. Anonymously. It doesn't matter if the pictures are obscene , graphic or gory.Yet, 4Chan, which was started by a 15-year-old in 2003, is an integral part of the world wide web. The large community at 4Chan mirrors the virtual world - lawless and anarchic in the traditional sense, highly innovative, funny and sometimes disturbing. Barry Newstead, chief global development officer of Wikimedia that manages Wikipedia, puts it succinctly. \"The internet has been giving ordinary people the voice and the ability to contribute content and ideas and opinions. Sometimes we use it to create pictures of funny cats and sometimes it's the world's largest encyclopedia ,\" he says.Until recently, it seems governments just noticed the funny cats. They left the web to its own devices. At the same time, the egalitarian ethos on which the web was founded - Tim Berners-Lee developed it and gave it away for free - kept realworld barriers, which corporations and people often put around their environment, away from it. In 2012, it looks like the honeymoon is over.'Civilizing' the NetPerhaps the problem is that, for all its perceived flaws, the internet has worked wonderfully well.\"Too well,\" says Jeff Jarvis , author of 'Public Parts' , a book on internet culture. It has allowed people to create Google, Facebook, Hotmail, WikiLeaks, Wikipedia and thousands of other websites and services that have changed lives. Last year Jarvis was in Paris , participating in e-G 8 called by then French president Nicholas Sarkozy . He heard the Frenchman's plans to\"civilize\" the web. \"Nobody should forget governments are the only legitimate representatives of the will of the people in our democracies,\" said Sarkozy.His sentiments are shared by politicians across the world, including in India. Just three days ago, Congress MP Shantaram Naik, aghast at the \"filthy\" comments on a website, said in the Rajya Sabha that the internet needs to be \"purified\" . Different politicians and governments have different reasons. But regulation is growing. In the last few years, governments across the world have proposed or enacted laws (see box) that aim to \"civilize\" the web.Why the urgency? Is the internet broken? Jarvis says it is not. \"The net is operating no differently today than it was a decade ago. But we see so many efforts to fix it - to regulate it under the cloak of privacy, piracy, decency, security, and even civility,\" he says. \"I believe legacy institutions, including governments, are waking up to the extent of the net's disruptive force... they are trying to control the net and govern the change it causes.\"Sunil Abraham, director of Centre for Internet and Society, says that in the last two years governments have doubled their efforts to control the web. \"During the revolutions in Arab countries last year, protesters mobilized themselves through Twitter and Facebook. Then there are Wikileaks and Anonymous. This has made governments and politicians jittery,\" says Abraham.'Walled gardens'Excessive regulation is not the only challenge the web is facing. There is a more subtle, yet equally dangerous, threat from the world of apps. As smartphones and tablets get more popular, companies like Apple, Google and Microsoft have pioneered the concept of a centralized store to deliver programs and services to users.Unlike the web, which makes it easy for anyone to access a service - and, more importantly, offer a service - the world of apps is a controlled one. Companies that control the app ecosystem act as gatekeepers. For example, Apple's guidelines suggest developers cannot offer apps that compete with the company's own services. Then, there is restriction on the content that is perceived by Apple as pornographic, obscene, violent or racist. Microsoft and Google have a similar set of rules for their app stores, though Google's store is perceived to have more relaxed guidelines. Last week, Facebook announced it would open an app store.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114472", "title": "Thief assaults aged woman, grandson, flees with booty", "text": "AHMEDABAD: It was a usual day for Parth Solanki, 10, who had climbed down to the first floor of his Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ) staff quarters to deliver a tiffin box with food to his grandmother Champaben. He was about to ring the bell when he saw an unknown person standing outside his grandmother's house - the door wide open. The man bluntly asked him to the put the tiffin on the table inside.Parth was terrified when he saw Champaben lying on the floor and bleeding. As he tried to help his grandmother, the man came from behind and tried to strangle Parth. Fortunately, just then Parth's younger brother Krishal came in to meet Champaben and saw the unknown person strangling his brother and his grandmother lying on the floor. Krishal ran up shouting for help. The Solankis live on the second floor of the quarters. The children's father Kamlesh Solanki and his wife rushed down for help, but the man had escaped with Champaben's earnings and a gold chain.Both Champaben and Parth were rushed to Shardaben Hospital. While Champaben was in no position to talk, Parth told the Gomtipur police that he had seen the man in society a couple of days ago. He even told the police that the man was also seen playing with a group of the youngsters who ran a carrom club near the society. \"We have registered a case of attempt to murder and are trying to ascertain the identity of the attacker,\" a senior Gomtipur police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "busan (south korea)", "code": "13121426", "title": "Yuki-Divij clinch ATP Challenger title in Busan", "text": "BUSAN (South Korea): Indian pair of Yuki Bhambri and Divij Sharan on Sunday lifted the men's doubles title at the Busan Open Challenger after beating Taiwanese duo of Cheng Peng Hsieh and Hsin Han Lee.The unseeded Indian duo came back from a set down to get the better of Hsish and Hsin 1-6, 6-1, 10-5 in the $75,000 Challenger tennis tournament.The Indians saved as many as five out of seven breakpoints, while converted two out of four that came their way during the match that lasted just over an hour.Yuki and Divij, the last of the direct entries to the main draw, were playing together for the first time.Having lost the first set without even posing a fight, the Indian combo did well to bounce back into the match to topple their third seeded opponents.After clinching the second set comfortably, Yuki and Divij held on to the advantage as they refused to give the Taiwanese duo any chance of making a comeback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13124947", "title": "140 Indian Diamond Institute students awarded diplomas", "text": "SURAT: The Indian Diamond Institute ( IDI) celebrated its 34the foundation day on Sunday at its city centre in Vesu.Executive director of the institute, Sameer Jain while greeting 140 successful students said, \"The institute will organize 12 different competitions in 12 months to showcase the talent of upcoming designers in jewellery field.\" On the occasion, 140 students were awarded diplomas in designing, sorting, making, gemology, manufacture and grading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13114995", "title": "Delhi's businessman comes under own plane\u2019s wheels", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 37-year-old entrepreneur, Yogesh Garg, was killed after being hit by his own plane barely two hours after he completed his solo flight. \"He wanted his friends to witness his feat. After he successfully flew the aircraft around 8am, his colleague Purvi boarded the X-Air trainer aircraft along with pilot Anil Gupta from the local Pankh Aviation. The plane was about to land after a sortie when Garg decided to click pictures of the landing. As he got riveted to the camera, Garg misjudged the distance between him and the plane. Gupta tried to gain height at the last moment to avoid collision but the wheels and bottom half of the plane hit him, killing him instantly,\" said Thapar.The plane was damaged as it went off the runway and hit the ground. Both Gupta and Purvi escaped unhurt.Meerut city SP Om Prakash, however, maintained that the rotor blades caught Garg as he got dangerously close to the runway when the plane landed. Police said investigation was on to ascertain if there was any lapse on the part of authorities by allowing Garg to walk on the runway when the aircraft was landing. Additional district magistrate Neeraj Shukla, who reached the spot soon after the accident, said a preliminary inquiry revealed that Pankh Aviation was not allowed to use the airstrip. The company, however, said they had the requisite papers and were training flyers for the past four months.Official sources said the BR Ambedkar airstrip was not in commercial use, only occasionally used for joyrides by businessmen and real estate owners whose small planes are parked in the hangar.Garg expected to undergo training for another two months before he could get a licence, police said, and had plans to make it big in the aviation sector through his aviation club. While shocked colleagues recalled him as a warm worker and senior, his family sought privacy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13115774", "title": "VS Achuthanandan hits out at Kerala CPM secretary Pinarayi", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Former Kerala chief minister V S Achuthanandan hit out at the CPM's state leadership on Saturday saying party secretary Pinarayi Vijayan's comments \"need not necessarily be the opinion of the party\".The intra-party feud in the CPM in Kerala came to the fore following rebel communist leader T P Chandrasekharan's murder last week. Pinarayi had called Chandrasekharan a renegade while Achuthanandan backed him openly.Upset over Chandrasekharan's murder, VS said he did not subscribe to Pinarayi's view that the slain leader was a renegade. He said the CPM's view was also different from Vijayan's.He also criticised state secretariat member V V Dakshinamurthy, who had said the state secretary's statement was the CPM's line.Taking on Pinarayi, VS accused him of behaving like S A Dange, who caused a split in the Communist party in 1964 forcing 32 comrades (including VS) to walk out of the meeting. He hinted he is ready to part ways with the CPM but hoped, \"the party will correct its mistake\".Reacting to VS' comment, Pinarayi said the CPM would examine and take appropriate action. \"My appeal to all responsible comrades in Kerala is not to react to the comments till the party takes a final decision,\" Vijayan said. Cadres must stay united and resist any attempt to weaken the CPM, he said.CPM central leadership refused to comment. \"We will discuss the issue in the politburo and in the central committee,\" said politburo member S Ramachandran Pillai.The matter could come up in the CC meeting scheduled for June 8 and 9 in Delhi, said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13115019", "title": "Nationalist Congress Party plays President poll card to counter Congress attack", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Congress launching a full-frontal attack on its ally, the NCP, in the state, the latter has decided to flex its muscles in Delhi.A day after All India Congress Committee secretary Mohan Prakash, who is in charge of Maharashtra, hit out at NCP chief Sharad Pawar on Friday, sources said on Saturday that Congress president Sonia Gandhi's office has received feelers from the NCP camp asking her to step in. Rebutting criticizm of CM Prithviraj Chavan over his failure to get a commitment from the Prime Minister on drought relief, Prakash had said, \"If we do not go to the PM and Sonia Gandhi for drought relief, who should we go to? The IPL?\"Political observers said Prakash's remark was a continuation of the Congress's newly-adopted \"aggressive\" stance against the NCP, which is seen as its principal rival for the assembly elections in 2014.Facing the heat, the NCP, said sources, was looking to use the Congress high command's compulsion to get the NCP on board for presidential polls as a counter. A similar strategy earlier had forced the state Congress to forge an understanding with the NCP for the council polls.NCP state president Madhukar Pichad refused to be drawn into the controversy. \"The NCP leadership will reply at an appropriate time,\" he said.In an attempt to mend ties, Chavan said on Saturday the decision for a white paper on irrigation projects was not taken with political interests in mind. \"It is aimed at providing factual position to citizens,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13123087", "title": "Delhi maul Andaman 13-0 in Santosh Trophy", "text": "CUTTACK: Delhi mauled Andaman and Nicobar Islands 13-0 in a Cluster I match of the Santosh Trophy National Football Championships at Sambalpur on Sunday.Moun Choudhury struck four times (41st, 44th, 60th and 81st minutes) while Deepak Mehra found the target thrice (7th, 23rd and 50th).Kamal Singh (56th and 75th) and David Ngaihte (86th and 91st) scored two goals each while P S Rawat (68th) and Vikas Rawat (82nd) struck once each.In a Cluster III match, Maghalaya beat Madhya Pradesh 1-0 at Baragarh. Bansharai Sun scored the solitary goal in the 79th minute.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13116384", "title": "Surtis relish melons to beat heat as king of fruits yet to arrive", "text": "SURAT: For those living in Surat or any other part of South Gujarat, mid-May is the time when they relish mangoes to get some relief from the heat. But with the mango season in the region being delayed, they are turning to watermelon and mush melon and the farmers are also raking in moolah.Generally, by this time of the year, fruit markets in the city start receiving big supplies of local Valsadi Hafoos and Kesar variety of mangoes. On an average 100 to 125 truckloads of mango from across the region pour in the city daily for about a month. Every household gets the king of fruits.However, this year only 20 to 25 truckloads of mango are coming to the city daily. \"All these mangoes are from Ratnagiri, Devgadh and states in South India,\" said Hakim Fruitwala, a wholesaler.Against this, over 25 truckloads of watermelon and more than 10 truckloads of mush melon arrive in the city at present. Last year, during this time, 15 truckloads of watermelon and about 6-8 truckloads of mush melon came to the city daily.\"This year, in the absence of mangoes, the sale of watermelons and mush melons has risen by at least 50 per cent,\" said Atabhai Khan, a key figure in Surat Fruit Market Association. Watermelon is sold at Rs 5 to Rs 8 per kg in the wholesale market depending on the variety and it sells atRs 15 to Rs 20 per kg in the retail market. Mush melons which come mostly from the northern part of the state are sold at Rs 10 to Rs 12 per kg in the wholesale and at Rs 25 per kg in the retail market.Dinesh Pataliya, assistant director of horticulture in Surat district, said: \"The number of farmers cultivating watermelon in our district has risen. This can be seen from the fact that against 100 hectares in which watermelon was cultivated till last year, now it is grown in nearly 250 hectares.\" \"When mangoes are not in the market this year, watermelon farmers are getting a very good price of Rs 5 to Rs 8 per kg which a mango farmer gets in good season.\"For housewives from middle-class families, two types of melons are the only alternatives left in the fruit category. According to them, when mangoes are selling at an exorbitant price of Rs 300 per dozen, buying 3 kg watermelon for Rs 50 to Rs 60 makes sense. \"We buy a lot of mangoes during the season as everyone in the house loves it. But when they are very costly, I buy watermelon on one day and mush melon the other day. Watermelon jelly is my children's favourite,\" said Amita Chokshi, a resident of Adajan.Sanjay Nayak, owner of a mango orchard with 1,200 trees, said: \"Even we buy and eat melons in the house at present as mangoes are not ready. What else can we do? It is not a substitute of Alphanso, but we need something.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13115410", "title": "Road work lies unfinished as Nashik Municipal Corporation defaults", "text": "NASHIK: The stretch of road in the Nashik Road area from the swimming pool till the K J Mehta high school and from there till the highway has been lying incomplete for the past three months due to lack of funds.The entire road is in a pathetic state, with only half of it constructed in the past three months. Crowds gather in huge numbers at both the swimming pool and the school. Some persons have complained that the tyres of their vehicles and bicycles often get punctured. The NMC's city engineer, contractor and corporators promised to look into the matter in a couple of days, but no action has been taken yet. City engineer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC), Sunil Khune said the road would be completed very soon and that he would instruct the contractor to do so.Corporator of ward 55-A, Komal Mehrolia ( Shiv Sena ) said, \"The administration does not have funds to pay the contractors. This work should have been completed a very long time ago. The NMC owes some contractors as much as Rs 5 crore or more. Now, the contractors are scared to continue with the work. We keep on reminding them to complete the work but they say the NMC is still to clear crores of rupees and that they would continue the work once their bills get cleared.\"Shivaji Sahane (Shiv Sena), a corporator in ward 55-B confirmed that it was the pending bills because of which road work was halted. \"I spoke to the contractor and he said that he has around Rs 7 crore pending with the NMC.\" He said he would ask the contractor to complete the road.The contractor in charge of the road construction, M G Nair, said that only layering was remaining and that he would complete it after the monsoon season. On probing further, he said that many bills of huge amounts were pending with the NMC and that they have only paid a small amount to him a couple of days back. \"I will look into the issue and complete the asphalting work soon,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13114792", "title": "Sachin Pilot distributes free scooties to girl students in Ajmer", "text": "AJMER: Union minister for state Sachin Pilot on Saturday distributed free scooty to 16 girls students who are going to colleges in Bhinai block of the district. He came here to lay down the stone for the Devnarayan girls' hostel in this region. Pilot said that \"Now development is not limited to particular caste or region but it is now spreading in rural and deprived people.\"Pilot emphasized on education and asked rural people to send their children to schools, \"Without education, development is not possible and to speed up the development we have to eradicate illiteracy from the region\" added Pilot. The state minister again repeated the speedup of construction of airport in Kishangargh soon.In his one day visit to the district, Pilot also laid stone of national electronic and IT center which will cost 34.44 crore rupees in a very remote village Kohada of Kekeri block of the district. This will be the first electronic centre on rural region of the country. The construction will be completed within 18 months and students of the region will get the facility of information technology. \"Looking to the backwardness of schedule caste and tribes in Kekri block, these students will get free training of IT and technology\" announced Pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114590", "title": "One held for Brahmagiri group clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: One person was arrested on Saturday in connection with Friday's group clash in Puri's Gambhari village within Brahmagiri police limits, in which two persons were killed.\"We have nabbed one of the accused and have continued our manhunt to arrest the others,\" Puri SP Anup Sahoo said. The arrested man is Padmalochan Parida.Police said most male members of the village are still on the run. Four platoons of police are camping following frequent violence because of Congress -BJD rivalry after the panchayat polls. Congress leader Lalatendu Bidyadhar Das Mahapatra and BJD's Sanjay Das Burma traded charges against each other for the continued violence. \"There should be a CBI inquiry into the killings,\" Mahapatra told a private news channel distancing his party from any violence in the village. Das Burma countered the charges by saying that his party had no role in the violence. Friday's was the third incident of violence after March 8 and February 25.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13124847", "title": "This Varanasi ghat is just a shadow of its earlier self", "text": "VARANASI: Broken steps, remains of debris and poor sanitary conditions could leave you stunned if you move from Dasaswamedh Ghat towards the south in quest of majestic Rajasthani architecture, prominently reflected in the building (palace) along the Rana Mahal Ghat. The ghat, depicting the grandeur and glory of Rajasthan rulers, seems to be a shadow of itself, as reflected when TOI visited the famous ghat on Sunday.While the ghat was included in the seven prominent ghats under 'Revitalisation of Varanasi' project launched by the tourism department for renovation and resurrection in 2008-09, the ghat started to witness signs of wear and tear soon afterwards. Not only the stepped embankments were found to be de-plastered at many places, even the platforms wore a similar look with uprooted stone slabs. The scene was made even worse by debris of broken boats and other old structures in the vicinity. The signs of beautification along the ghat were also missing. Apart from the erected highmast lighting, the ghat looked in peril.\"The renovation work at the ghat could not sustain even two bouts of monsoon season in the past two years and concrete steps, platforms of stone slabs and other structures have started to succumb to the wear and tear due to lack of maintenance and care,\" said Govind Dubey, a local native and priest at the ghat.\"Though, the devout and visitors frequently throng the ghat due to its historical significance and location of temples, a dip at the ghat becomes a troublesome experience due to rupturing of stepped embankments. Even more hurtful is to see the youngsters and children learn swimming from the broken steps in the evening,\" he added.Surprisingly, the changing room that was also renovated two years ago was found to be locked. There were no dust bins to collect garbage and waste. The leftovers and articles used in puja, including flowers, garlands wrapped in plastic bags, were also found floating on the embankments.According to regional tourism officer, Dinesh Kumar, the work of laying stone slabs and cementing of steps and stairs were done by the CPWD and was later handed over to the Varanasi Nagar Nigam. \"The tourism department is also contemplating possibilities of giving a heritage look to the series of ghats between Dasashwamedh and Rana Mahal and some of the residents have also come forward, showing their interest in the proposal. If such an initiative is taken, the facelift and renovation of the ghats will be guaranteed,\" he informed.The reports of VNN office suggested that while removal of silt and mud from the embankments was done at the ghat in the post monsoon season, the maintenance of embankments and platforms was suffering due to scarcity of funds.Significance of Rana Mahal GhatThe Rana Mahal Ghat is located south of Dasaswamedh Ghat, between Darbhanga Ghat and Chousaiti Ghat. It is marked with red stone walls and stepped embankments on the banks of Ganga. The ghat was reconstructed in 17th century by the ruler of Udaipur ( Rana Jagat Singh). The magnificent palace, an excellent example of Rajasthani architecture stands tall on the ghat. The ghat was also included amongst seven prominent ghats under 'Revitalisation of Varanasi' project launched by regional tourism department for renovation and resurrection in 2008-09. The ghat attracts a number of children and youngsters, who learn swimming in the summer season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114907", "title": "Sugarcane production may to go down owing to water scarcity", "text": "PUNE: The state, which produced 89 lakh tonne sugar in the current sugarcane season, is set to report a reduction of 15% in its production next year. The severe scarcity of water, being experienced from February, has discouraged sugarcane farmers, as January and February are the key months for sugarcane plantation.State cooperation minister Harshvardhan Patil on Thursday told reporters, \"The area under sugarcane cultivation has gone down this year (2011-12). than its previous year (2010-11).The state has estimated that cultivation of sugarcane for 2012-13 would go down by 10%. Sugarcane was cultivated on 10.22 lakh hectares in 2010-11, which reduced to nine lakh hectares in 2011-12.\"The sugarcane crushing season is almost over.Patil, who took a review of the next season, said, \"The returning monsoon affected sugarcane production but the dry weather helped in increasing the sugar content. The sugar recovery per tonne increased to 11.62% per tonne from 10.30% per tonne. The state sugar industry crushed 770 lakh tonne sugarcane and produced 89.33 lakh tonne sugar. So far 155 sugar factories have stopped crushing but another 15 factories have still continued their crushing activity.\"Compare to the state's 89 lakh tonne sugar production, the sugar industry has produced 260 lakh tonne sugar during the same crushing season, he added.Commenting on the allied activities of the sugarcane industry, Patil said, \"The bagasse recovered from the crushed sugarcane is used for burning and making power from it. \" Such cogeneration projects are adding 530 MW electricity at present. Another 23 projects would commission by December this year and total power generation would go to 1,200 MW from this sector. The power purchase rate for it is Rs 4.79 per unit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13125114", "title": "Businessman robbed of Rs 1.80 lakh", "text": "RAJKOT: Barely days after a businessman was shot dead, six persons kidnapped another one and robbed him on Saturday night.Keyur Dalsaniya, 33, who owns a shop of school bags on Dharmendra road, told police that six persons on two motorcycles intercepted his bike at around 9:30 pm near Saurashtra Kala Kendra on Saturday night. He was carrying Rs 1.80 lakh cash with him at that time.The six persons entered into a quarrel with him alleging that he was flirting with their sister. They also told him that their sister is at Race Course road and willing to solve the issue. Dalsaniya agreed to go with them. He sat with two persons on the bike. En route, three other persons left half way and the others took him to an isolated place inside the Race Course.They persons then asked Dalsaniya to hand over this bag saying they wanted to check if he was writing love letters to their sister. Just as he handed over the bag, they splashed chilli powder on his face and fled with the bag containing cash.Dalsaniya immediately called up family members and informed about the whole episode. He also called up the police control room.Senior police officials rushed to the spot and launched an investigation in the case.Police barricaded several roads in the city to nab the accused. But they are still absconding. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13116007", "title": "Rally, match choke city heart", "text": "KOLKATA: Cricket has its share of politics, the pundits would argue. But rarely would they have seen a sight when blue and purple flags of the IPL vied for space with the tricolour of the Trinamool Congress on the streets of Kolkata.May 5 was particularly bad for commuters as Team Kolkata had taken on Team Pune (aka Team Dada) at Eden Gardens. The situation on Saturday may have been worse with thousands turning up for the Team Kolkata-Team Mumbai match and many others participating in a political rally, but for the presence of mind of those minding traffic in the city.The rally organized by the youth and students' wings of the Trinamool started from Shyambazar before 2 pm and wound its way towards Esplanade. Around the same time, thousands were making a beeline towards Eden Gardens to watch Gautam Gambhir and Sachin Tendulkar in action. Both events were enough to give commuters the jitters. This was when the traffic police swung into action. The rally started towards Esplanade, but was staggered along the way. The traffic police would allow 200 to 250 people to pass and then open an intersection to traffic. The rallyists weren't concerned even as vehicles passed in between the two rows that they had made.The rally reached Esplanade around 3.30 pm by when most of the Eden crowd had entered the stadium. There was some chaos on Rani Rashmoni Road when the rally reached there finally and traffic movement slowed down to a crawl, but this was only for a while. Things turned back to normal after a while. There were some who did have to trudge down to Eden from near Esplanade in the intense heat but there were few complaints.\"I came to watch the match but there was massive traffic congestion near Dorina Crossing. I had to get off my taxi at the flyover near Maidan Market and walked towards the stadium,\" said Sneha, who works in a travel agency. Subho Dasgupta, who slipped out of office for the match had the same experience.But then, others seemed to have got used to slow moving traffic on match days. \"I'm a commuter and pass through this area daily. Such traffic congestion is common,\" said Bijoy Prasad, who came on work to Esplanade.The traffic policemen at Esplanade are used to worse situations and didn't find anything wrong with Saturday's situation. \"The traffic flow was a bit slow. But, one can expect that on a day like this,\" one of them said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13131395", "title": "Sunny Leone celebrates b'day in Sri Lanka", "text": "\"Jism 2\" surely looks like a sunny film, pun intended!For after shooting in Delhi, Mumbai and Goa, the unit has headed off to Sri Lanka for a sequence. In fact, the unit celebrated the birthday of actress Sunny Leone in Sri Lanka on Sunday and Mahesh Bhatt tweeted this picture of Sunny and her cake", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116075", "title": "Super 60: Celebrating democracy\u2019s big day", "text": "When India resolved to be a parliamentary democracy, many thought that it was an audacious idea that was doomed to fail. To them, India, characterized by abysmal levels of poverty, illiteracy and social tensions and the wounds of its Partition still fresh, lacked what were then popularly seen as the pre-requisites of democracy. Now, that the dire prophesies have been proven wrong and the country is routinely eulogized as the world's biggest democracy, celebrations may be in order.Taking a break from the daily routine of disruptions, partisan bickering and doubts about its efficacy, Parliament will celebrate its 60th birthday on Sunday. It was on May 13, 1952, that Parliament had its first sitting. There will be a day-long special sitting of both Houses, where members will share their experiences. At least two members from bigger parties and one each from the smaller ones will get an opportunity to be part of the proceedings of a landmark session.A special stamp and a coin will be released to mark the occasion.A joint sitting of both Houses will be held in the Central Hall from 5pm, which will be inaugurated by President Pratibha Patil. Some veteran Parliamentarians will be honoured on the occasion followed by a cultural soiree.Among those who will attend, Rishang Keishing (92) will stand out. The oldest RS member is the only sitting MP, who was also part of the first LS in 1952. He was elected to successive Lok Sabhas, taking a break only to join the state Assembly in Manipur, where he was chief minister in the mid-1980s.Barring Keishing, former parliamentarian from Chhattisgarh, Reshamlal Jhange, will also be honoured for being a veteran parliamentarian.Vocalists Shubha Mudgal, Maharaja Puram Ramchandran and Iqbal Khan will perform on the occasion. Pandit Shiv Kumar Sharma and Debu Chowdhury will also perform.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13115077", "title": "Once a cabbie, he wants to be MLA", "text": "GURGAON: Devender Sehrawat's house in Sector 14 has been locked since Thursday. No cars are parked in the empty plot adjacent to the house. Newspapers slipped through the gate are lying untouched on the floor of the verandah. There is no notice on the gate asking the family to report to police as soon as they are home.It is learnt that Devender Singh Sehrawat had humble beginnings. About a decade ago, he started off as a cab driver after coming to the capital from his native village in Haryana. Gradually, he started his own transport business and soon became one of the largest BPO cab vendors in town.In chasing his dream of becoming the largest player in the cab industry, he often got into fights with his business rivals. But because of his close links with the cops and local politicians, he always managed to stay away from jail.In an incident that occurred exactly two years ago, the history-sheeter opened fire at a business rival in Sector 56. When cops came to arrest him, he got the SHO transferred using his strong political connections. However, a criminal case was lodged against him. A copy of the FIR dated 8/5/10 is with TOI. The complainants in this case are cops themselves, whom he threatened with dire consequences.After the incident, Sehrawat has been maintaining a low profile. In fact, he has also scaled down his transport business and is now involved in a fruit import business, say sources.Those who know him well say that he intends to fight the next assembly elections. His transport business is currently being handled by his close aide, Anil Chillar, popularly known as \"Pradhan\" in the industry. Last year, Delhi Police booked Chillar in an attempt to murder case.In the BMW case, Sehrawat has pulled all possible strings to shield his son Suraj, say sources. Cops suspect that he may have implored one of his numerous drivers to testify that he was behind the wheel on that fateful day and his son was in no way involved in the accident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13121104", "title": "Haryana panchayat retracts biased decision", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A Haryana panchayat which had banned married women in the village from seeking a share of parental property, has withdrawn its decision amid pressure mounting from the administration.Last week, a panchayat, attended by over 400 villagers in Thua village of Jind district, had taken the controversial decision. However, on Saturday, the panchayat members, including sarpanch Santosh Rani, met the district development and panchayat officer to intimate about the withdrawal of the proposed move.Deputy commissioner of Jind Dr Yudhbir Singh Khyalia told the Times of India that the sarpanch has expressed her \"ignorance about the resolution passed by the panchayat and its consequences\". The deputy commissioner on Friday had issued a show cause notice to the sarpanch asking her to explain why she violated the constitutional provisions.\"We will give 15 days to her to file a written reply before initiating further action into the matter,\" he added.\"The pressure from the administration forced us to withdraw our decision,\" admitted Amar Lal Kaliramna, a villager, who was also a part of the panchayat which took that decision.However, he maintained that most of the villagers still feel that married girls should not claim any share in parental property.Around three dozens of prominent persons belonging to all communities had signed the resolution last week prohibiting married women from seeking parental property share.The panchayat leaders found themselves isolated when the decision snowballed into a controversy. Top jat leader and opposition leader in Haryana assembly Om Parkash Chautala said on Saturday that there is no relevance of such decisions by a village panchayat as Constitution is supreme in such affairs.State president of Akhil Bhartiya Jat Aarkashan Sangarash Samiti Hawa Singh Sangwan said, \"Girls should be given equal share in the parental property. It's necessary to give them due respect.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114405", "title": "Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation to maintain PVNR expressway", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stung by a recent report on poor maintenance of the PVNR elevated expressway, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has decided to hand over the upkeep of the country's longest flyover to Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC).The National Institute of Technology (NIT), Warangal, in its recent report, has exposed poor maintenance of the carriageway and pointed out accumulation of dirt along the edges of the carriageway. \"We have approached GHMC authorities and discussed the road safety audit report submitted by NIT, Warangal. The GHMC has agreed to take up sweeping activity on the 11.5-km expressway, but they will do it once in five days only. They will deploy sweeping machines instead of manual sweeping,\" a senior HMDA engineering official told STOI.The HMDA has displayed signboards at both ends and exit/entry points at ramps of the expressway indicating ban on two-wheelers. It also made a request to police to carry on round-the-clock patrolling, the official added.\"We trimmed tree branches at Lakshmi Nagar. According to the NIT's report, the 'men at work' signboards might force road-users to reduce speed. We have removed them and made the way clear and visible to the road-users. The damaged electrical poles were also removed on the 11-km stretch,\" the official said.Regarding installation of noise barriers to reduce noise pollution on people along the expressway, the HMDA would invite tenders soon. As there are 340 streetlights on the PVNR Expressway, the CPDCL would take care of the streetlight maintenance. \"Once the entire structure is completed, then the HMDA will handover the expressway to GHMC,\" the engineering official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13114558", "title": "Naveen hits back, says Delhi remarks on Maoists untrue", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Centre's warning that Maoist activities are spreading fast in Odisha and the state government is not able to effectively take on the rebels has put chief minister Naveen Patnaik in a bind.Responding to media queries on Saturday, the chief minister sought to underplay the Centre's observation. \"The allegations are not correct. We will give a reply to the Union government on Monday,\" he said. Official sources said the government is now preparing a detailed rebuttal to be sent soon.The chief minister's reaction came in the wake of a recent advisory of Union home ministry sent to the state home secretary and the director general of police (DGP) highlighting how Odisha has failed to control Maoists. The communication noted Odisha as one of the nine states witnessing growth in Maoist activities. \"It is pertinent to mention that Odisha is the only state of India where activities of CPI (Maoists) are spreading to new areas at an alarming rate without requisite counter-measures by the state government,\" the ministry had noted. The Centre pointed out Maoists have made the Odisha-Chhattisgarh border their base and apprehended that the present trend, if not arrested, might expand to newer areas. The Centre also seemed quite unhappy about the way the state government handled the two recent incidents of kidnapping involving two Italians and a BJD MLA through which the Maoists succeeded in making the government meekly agree to release 27 prisoners and withdraw cases against 13 of them.The state government on the contrary, has all along claimed to have curbed the Maoists citing rapid development works and strong security operations in interior areas, especially in tribal pockets. The government also blamed the Centre of not providing more security assistance and financial help to control the Maoists further.Since the present regime came to power in 2000, the Maoists, however, have not only proliferated to nearly 24 of the 30 districts, they have turned most areas in the state unsafe for people to travel amid unabated killings and destruction of public property. According to official reports, since 2007 Maoists have killed nearly 160 civilians and almost the same number of security personnel. In Narayanapatna area alone in Koraput district, considered to be a severe Maoist-infested pocket, 28 civilians have been killed by the rebels since May 2009. At least eight general, 828 SC and 307 ST families have fled from Narayanpatna, apparently unable to bear their onslaught jointly with Chasi Mulia Adivasi Sangha (CMAS), a front organization of the CPI (Maoist). There are 13 battalions of Central security forces including CRPF and BSF deployed in the state at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115001", "title": "Kaushambi villager shaves head, gets bail", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the controversy over deputy inspector general (DIG) Saharanpur promoting honour killing barely ended after his transfer on Thursday, a sub divisional magistrate (SDM) came up with an equally brazen interpretation of law. The SDM ordered a villager arrested for breach of peace, to get his head shaved if he wanted a bail from his court. After all efforts of the individual and his lawyer to convince the SDM that there was no such provision in the law, failed to prompt the officer to change his mind, the villager in question was taken to a barbers shop and his head shaved. Produced before the SDM thereafter, he was granted bail.The sequence of events began from Wednesday afternoon when Ram Prakash, a daily wager from Geriya Khalsa village in Kaushambi entered into a heated argument with his wife Rajrani over a petty domestic issue. The situation took a turn for the worse when Ram Prakash allegedly thrashed his wife.Fed up with the daily arguments and heated exchanges on petty issues, Rajrani decided to bring an end to the regular altercations and lodged a complaint with the local Peepri police station against her husband the next morning.Shortly after the complaint was lodged, police summoned Ram Prakash and arrested him under section 151 of the criminal procedure code which provides for police action for apprehension of breach of peace. The same afternoon, two constables from the Peepri police station escorted Ram Prakash to the court of the sub divisional magistrate for further orders.Allegations are that the magistrate in question - later identified as Ram Dutt Ram - heard the case and questioned the accused if he wanted bail. Ram Prakash's lawyer Lal Babu quickly responded in the affirmative forwarding a bail application for the same. But the accused and his lawyer got the shock of their life when the magistrate announced that he will grant bail, only on one condition that the accused will have to get his head shaved as a punishment for his crime. Though the accused and his lawyer repeatedly begged the magistrate to not to force him to get his head shaved, but the SDM remained adamant.Eventually, Ram Prakash was escorted to the shop of a local barber and his head shaved. There after Ram Prakash was once again produced before the SDM who then granted him bail.However, later the SDM denied that he had ordered the accused to get his head shaved.DM Kaushambi Saroj Kumar said the incident will be probed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13115701", "title": "Varsity to have advisory body on research and development", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad University will have an advisory body for research and development (R&D;), with responsibilities to encourage research activities.Vice-chancellor AK Singh stated this while addressing a meeting which was attended by the dean, R&D;, heads of the various departments and principal investigators (PIs) of major research projects. Singh insisted on strengthening and nurturing research and development activities through devolution of powers at dean R&D; level. He said that there shall be an advisory body of R&D; with responsibilities of encouraging research initiatives at developmental level, facilitating smooth implementation of research projects and dissemination of research outcomes in meaningful manner.The dean R&D; will have more comprehensive functions at all the stages of research projects. The university will come out with separate accounts office cell at dean R&D; level to facilitate timely functioning of research projects. More innovative approaches will be adopted for publication of research outcomes, regular colloquium, popularizing the patents and publications of research digest at the level of dean R&amp;D.;Young teacher would be encouraged to apply for research projects through the dean R&amp;D.; The university shall have single window system for clearance of advance. There can be provisions for advance funding for sanctioned projects awaiting sanction of money by the funding agency. The advisory committee would explore possibilities of having substantial amounts in overheads through research projects and consultancies, added Singh. The participants interacted on the modes of review of progress in research and timely solution of accounting and administrative problems of research projects.More innovative approaches will be adopted for publication of research outcomes, regular colloquium, popularizing the patents and publications of research digest at the level of dean R&amp;D.;", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13114079", "title": "Special lunch, health check-up? Lots to choose from", "text": "BANGALORE: Custom-made gifts, special lunches/dinners, road shows, ramp walks, health check-ups and lucky draws... it will be mothers all the way on Sunday.The city is all set to welcome the day that's solely meant for mommy dearest. Across the world, the second Sunday of May is celebrated as Mother's Day.Gift shops are loaded with cards and gifts for Mother's Day. There are cards in different shapes and sizes. These gifts range from pen stands, showpieces, teddy bears, coffee mugs, and key chains. While the internet buzzes with gifts for your mom, many sites promise to deliver your presents at your mom's doorstep.\"I am buying a photo frame for my mother. I have a beautiful picture clicked with her and want it to be framed,\" said Shrishti Varma, a college student.Hospitals such as Cloudnine, which specialize in maternity and neonatal care, have organized a fashion show for pregnant women and will also launch a pregnancy calendar featuring mothers-to-be. Primary Health Care Private Limited will also conduct a free health camp for women. ColumbiaAsia Hospital, Hebbal, offers two packages that include tests like urine examination, ECG, complete blood count, thyroid tests, cytology, pap smear, x-ray chest, (USG abdomen &amp; pelvis), and mammogram. Apollo Hospital has discounted rates for Mother's Day check-up packages.Go ahead! You can now choose what you want to gift your mom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115525", "title": "Income tax teams search homes, office of Chiranjeevi's kin in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Income tax officials conducted raids at the houses and office premises of actor-turned-politician Chiranjeevi's businessman son-in-law Vishnu Prasad here. The raids began on Friday at Prasad's residence in the posh Poes Garden area and continued on Saturday. Vishnu Prasad is married to Sushmita, Chiranjeevi's elder daughter.Officials from the Chennai investigation unit of the I-T department entered Prasad's house at 10.30am on Friday. Simultaneously, five other teams raided the offices of Vishnu Prasad and his father Siva Prasad and their houses in Nungambakkam, T Nagar, Chittaranjan Salai in Teynampet and Desikachari Road near Mylapore.A senior IT official claimed they had seized 35 cartons from a storeroom at Prasad's Poes Garden residence. \"When we opened one of the cartons, we found bundles of notes. The carton contained about 1 crore. We seized 35 such cartons and assume there could be several crores,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13114191", "title": "Times Edufest a big hit among students", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Times Edufest 2012, inaugurated by vice-chairman of Gondwana university, Vijay Ainchwar on Friday, is attracting large number of students from all over Vidarbha and adjoining regions. SP Chandrapur Suvez Haque and mayor Sangeeta Amrutkar were special guests during the inauguration.The aim of this exhibition is to help young students interact with the best educational service providers in the region. Institutes from Chandrapur, Nagpur, Yavatmal, Karimnagar and other places in the region are participating in the event. VM Institute of Technology, Nagpur, Resonance, Nagpur, Vidarbha Institute of Technology, Nagpur, Dr S Radhakrishnan College of Business Management, Nagpur, Krishna consultant, Nagpur, WLCI - The School of Business, Nagpur, Namdevrao Poreddiwar college of Engineering &amp; Technology, Chandrapur, ITM Group of Institution, Nagpur, SP College of law, Chandrapur, SP college of Management, Chandrapur, MTS, Janta Career Launcher, Chandrapur, Iris world school, Karimnagar, Central Institute of Business Management and Research Development, Nagpur, Nuva College of Engineering, Nagpur, Nandurkar College of Engineering, Yavatmal, Jhulelal Institute of Technology, Nagpur, Raisoni Group of Instituitions, Meghe Group of Institutions, S B Education Consultant, Nagpur are some of the participantsThe education fair has given higher education institutions and professional bodies an opportunity to reach out to students and working adults, seeking further education. It is a must visit for educationists, parents, and others interested in or related to the education industry.Organizers are expecting more turnout at Rajiv Gandhi Kamgar bhavan on Sunday, last day of the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13114802", "title": "'Strong bill on Citizens charter a priority'", "text": "PANAJI: Rajya Sabha MP Shantaram Naik, who was recently appointed chairman of the parliamentary standing committee on personnel, public grievances, law and justice, has said that a strong bill on the Citizens' charter would be his priority.Naik has been appointed the chairman of the committee by Rajya Sabha chairman Hamid Ansari through a notification issued on Saturday. The post of chairman of the committee had fallen vacant on account of the resignation of Abhishek Manu Singhvi recently, after he was embroiled in a sleazy CD scandal.\"The Citizens' charter bill is an important bill as the services covered by the Citizens' Charter affect the common man every day,\" Naik said.\"From birth certificate, death certificate, ration card, driving license and other services, a timeframe will be specified for everything,\" said Naik, while adding that there will be a consequence if the officers don't provide the service within the specified timeframe.Naik took charge of his new post on May 6. He chaired the first meeting of the committee the following day. The committee had recently submitted its report on two important bills - Lokpal Bill and Whistleblowers Protection Bill. Naik also said that a law against harassment of women employees would also be brought out soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13119160", "title": "A post-coital variety", "text": "The boyfriend arrived a few hours ago. And while I won't admit it to him, it's nice having him around. We have been in bed for two hours, now he's snoozing and I am updating my blog. What is it with men and falling asleep right after? Sex has the opposite effect on me.I feel energised. Ninety per cent of the guys falls asleep right after. The other 10 per cent can be divided into five categories. Type A wants to wear his clothes and leave immediately, mumbling about some meeting in the morning. He's out of your house seconds after the act, and he's never coming back. Guys in this category probably have girlfriends or are married, and struck with guilt, they can't wait to go home. Type B runs into the shower after sex. He won't invite you in to rub his back; in fact, he's in there trying to rub you off him. I have nothing against a shower after a session of Mattress Mambo, but I want to ask them, do you have to make the girl feel like she has a disease? What's the rush to s h owe r seconds after sex? Type C fellas like to light up their ciggies and talk about the sex. These male versions of Chatty Cathy are the worst sort.It's over! Let's move on to Round 2, I say! Type D dudes are the guys who walk around with a ring in their pockets. After having sex once, he thinks you will marry him and have his babies. It's hard to shake him off the next morning. He'll wake up before you, make you breakfast, and look into your eyes and go all mushy. You will have to probably call your friend over to get rid of him. Finally, Type E guys are the opposite of the guys who roll over and fall asleep. They're ready to go again. And again. And again. And then they'd want to eat. And go again. You may have to slip them a sedative to make them fall asleep. But nothing beats the guy, who falls asleep while holding you in a cuddle. I had to slip out of his arms to post this blog, and now I am slipping back in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13115475", "title": "2 more held for merchant navy officer's murder", "text": "CHENNAI: Police on Saturday apprehended two more people in connection with the murder of a merchant navy officer at Maduravoyal.B Dillibabu, a second level officer with a merchant navy ship, was kidnapped and burnt to death by a four-member gang near a burial ground in Tiruvannamalai district on May 6. His charred body was recovered on Thursday and Dillibabu's cousin V Gokul and his friend Karmegam were arrested on Friday.On Saturday, police arrested Raj Kumar and Sundar from a hideout in Maduravoyal and are searching for a man named Bhoopalan.The arrested said they did not hatch any plan to kill Dillibabu and that they were sent only to threaten him. They said Bhoopalan slapped Dillibabu who raised an alarm. Fearing apprehension by neighbours, Bhoopalan strangled him and later along with the three others burnt the body.Dillibabu, who got married to MBA graduate Ramya a couple of months ago, qualified for the post of ship captain recently. On May 6, he went to attend a family function in Tiruvallur district and returned home at 8.30pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13114991", "title": "\u2018Corporates can do their bit for health sector\u2019", "text": "BHOPAL: Cities like Bhopal are faced with rapid urbansation and its impact on health sector, experts said at a workshop, exploring the possibilities of public private partnership in urban health in the city on Saturday.\"Corporates can help improve the health of urban poor in Madhya Pradesh,\" said Federation of MP chambers of commerce and industry (FMPCII) vice-president Kailash Agarwal. The workshop was organised by FMPCII and Health of Urban Poor Programme (HUP) - Population Foundation of India.Attended by government officials, corporates and NGOs - the dialogue focused on types of PPP model in health and sanitation along with sharing corporate social responsibility (CSR) activities.Department of public health and family welfare, deputy director Dr Hemant Sinha said, \"Corporates can help in bridging the gaps in health services.\" In Bhopal alone, there are about 1.75 lakh below poverty line (BPL) families, he added.According to estimates presented in the workshop, health services in state capital are faced with newer challenges owing to population increase. \"In Bhopal, there were about 300 slums (listed and unlisted) in 2007 while it went up to over 750 slums in 2011,\" said HUP representative Anujesh Mathur.The participants looked as ways to improve health services for the urban poor. \"While per capita income has increased, health services have declined,\" he added. Presentations in context of tackling multiple disease burden to achieve equal health service in diverse urban spaces also came up for discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13116084", "title": "Harbhajan Singh seeks solace in numbers", "text": "MUMBAI: Desperately seeking a bit of luck to be on their side this season, Team Mumbai skipper Harbhajan Singh walked out into the Eden Gardens wearing a new number on his jersey -- 93 instead of 3 -- and it did work for him at his favourite venue, the Eden Gardens.Harbhajan had been wearing Number 3 all the while this season, but changed it to 93 for the Saturday match after consulting his numerologist. 93 is 9 +3, which is 12 and the numbers 1 and 2, if added, brings up 3, which again is his original number.The Mumbai skipper should be quite satisfied with the immediate result, as the visitors won by 27 runs at Eden. However, one wouldn't consider Team Mumbai unlucky at all if their away matches this season are considered . With the loss against a rampaging Team Delhi at the Feroze Shah Kotla being the sole exception, Mumbai have won all their away matches this year with ease.Mumbai beat Chennai in the inaugural match at Chepauk by eight wickets, defeated Hyderabad in Visakhapatnam by five wickets, Punjab by four wickets, Pune by one run and Team Kolkata by 27 runs.Other than the matches in Pune and Mohali, which were decided on the last ball, the rest were comfortable wins.Compare that to their home matches -- lost to Pune by 28 runs, Delhi by seven wickets, Punjab by six wickets and Bangalore by nine wickets. The victory against Chennai came off the last ball and against Rajasthan and the only comfortable win was against Hyderabad. It is a clear indication that Mumbai have struggled most in home matches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13116009", "title": "HC acquits US teenager of killing mom", "text": "JODHPUR: US teenager Jon Carlo Patten, who was sentenced in May 2011 for the murder of his mother Cynthia Iannarelli at Jodhpur, has been acquitted by the Rajasthan high court. Jon was in the custody of a juvenile home at Jodhpur.The 15-year-old from South Fayette (Pennsylvania) and his mother Iannarelli, a 51-year-old divorcee working as a business consultant, were holidaying at a desert resort in Osian village, 60 km from Jodhpur, in August 2010. Two days after their arrival, on the morning of August 13, Iannarelli was found murdered at the foot of a sand dune close to the resort. Her throat was slit and her nude body was wrapped in a bed-sheet.Jon was about to board a flight to the US the same day when he was arrested. A chargesheet accusing him of murder was filed on September 23, 2010. As per the police, Jon had a heated argument with his mother the night before her body was found. The Juvenile Justice Board convicted him on May 2, 2011 and sentenced him to three years detention at a special home meant for juvenile criminals. His counsel Rahul Mehra appealed against the conviction before the sessions court, which upheld the conviction on October 15, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13114862", "title": "BJP insists on white paper on irrigation", "text": "PUNE: State BJP president Sudhir Mungantiwar on Thursday accused NCP leaders of diverting funds meant for irrigation. He also dared chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to go ahead with his announcement to bring out a white paper on irrigation projects in the last 10 years.\"The state has allocated crores of rupees for completion of pending irrigation projects in the last few years. However, no major project could be completed. Today, when drought has pervaded the state, it is time the people know how the funds meant for irrigation projects were used. NCP leaders have diverted all this money for their own benefit and have used this it for electoral politics,\" said Mungantiwar while speaking to media after a meeting with BJP office-bearers to discuss drought situation in the state.Without naming anybody, Mungantiwar said the NCP has held the irrigation portfolio in the ministry for more than a decade. \"The NCP is putting pressure on the chief minister against publishing a white paper because it will mean the NCP leaders getting exposed. Besides, Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar should stop blaming the state governor for not visiting drought-affected areas. Instead, Mr Pawar should answer what his own party has done to improve the situation,\" said Mungantiwar.\"Sharad Pawar is diverting people's attention from drought by attacking governor. He and Ajit Pawar should first announce what they have done with the funds allocated for irrigation\" said Mungantiwar.Last week, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had promised to publish a white paper following recent allegations by opposition parities that no substantial additions to cultivable land have been made despite spending crores of rupees.Mungantiwar said the Union government was bias towards the state when it comes to tackling drought. \"We have suggested measures to tackle the drought. If the state government fails to act in the next few days we would organize a morcha on divisional commissioner's office. We have also demanded that the state government should call a special session to apprise opposition parties about the steps taken to deal with drought,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115095", "title": "Lucknow sweats under humid conditions", "text": "LUCKNOW: After pleasant weather conditions during April, May is turning out to be highly uncomfortable for the people. While mercury level has crossed 40 degrees mark, high humidity has only made conditions worse.There is no relief in sight as weatherman said that similar weather would continue for next few days. However, there is possibility of dust/thunder storm, which will bring momentary relief.In fact, high velocity dust raising winds measures 30-40 km per hour lashed the city late on Saturday evening. It led to power break down at several places due to snapping of electricity wires that entangled with tree branches.People in the state capital woke up to hot and humid morning. The maximum temperature was 40.7 degrees Celsius, which was a degree above normal. Similarly, the minimum temperature was 26.2 degrees Celsius, two degrees above normal.The figures of the temperatures may not appear to be 'very high', what made conditions tough for people was the high humidity levels. The heat and humidity made climate sultry, which increased the discomfort level.People avoided going out in open during the day and those who had to go because of work compulsion took all precautionary measures to beat the heat and the humidity. The school children were the worst hit, as they were out in the open after school got over in the afternoon.JP Gupta, state Met director, said that there will be no significant change in the weather conditions in next 24 hours and maximum temperature on Sunday could touch 41 degrees Celsius mark. Similar conditions prevailed in the other parts of the state on Saturday. East UP and Bundelkhand were hotter than the West.However, humidity levels were higher in the western region in comparison to the other parts of the state. Thunder and dust storms were reported from some parts of the west UP, particularly area under the national capital region on Saturday.Light rains during the storm were responsible for the moisture content in the air, which raised the humidity level. The central UP, which includes Lucknow, saw both hot and humid weather.As per the met department, Banda was the hottest in UP on Saturday with 43.2 degrees Celsius maximum temperature. Other parts of the Bundelkhand also saw rise in the maximum temperatures.Maximum temperature in Allahabad was 42.5 degrees and Varanasi 42 degrees Celsius. While Agra recorded 41.4 degrees Celsius maximum temperature, Rae Bareli and Basti recorded 41 degrees Celsius maximum temperature each.In Kanpur and Najibabad, mercury level touched 40.5 degrees Celsius, while in Meerut it was 39.9 degrees Celsius.The maximum and minimum temperatures at most places were 1-3 degrees above normal. The Met department has issued warning of thunder squall at some places in West UP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "13119753", "title": "Clinton, Nooyi, Sonia among 'World's Powerful Moms' list", "text": "NEW YORK: US Secretary of State Hillary Clinton has been named No 1 in the World's 20 Most Powerful Moms list which also ranked India-born Indra Nooyi at the 3rd spot and UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi at No 6.The list released by Forbes ahead of World Mother's Day today placed 64-year-old Clinton, who has one of the world's biggest jobs in hand, at No 1.The list chosen from diverse spheres of government, business, entertainment and philanthropy ranked 64-year-old Brazilian President Dilma Rousseff at second position, who has a daughter.56-year-old Nooyi, PepsiCo chairman and a mother of two has been placed at 3rd position. She says if her kids call in the middle of a meeting, she takes the call.65-year-old Sonia, mother of Priyanka and Rahul, was ranked ahead of US First Lady Michelle Obama (ranked 7) and Myanmar's democracy icon Aung San Suu Kyi (ranked 20).According to the magazine, \"Power moms must develop unique strategies to succeed in both boardrooms and playrooms.\"ForbesWoman analysed the annual list of the world's 100 most powerful women - based on money controlled, decision-making power and multiple measures of influence--and teased out the moms who are at the top of their game.The list also figured Melinda Gates, co-founder of Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Christine Lagarde , Managing Director of International Monetary Fund and Sheryl Sandberg , COO of Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13115535", "title": "Infant found dead in nullah on AB Road", "text": "INDORE: An infant was found dead in a nullah behind the busy Industry house at AB road here on Saturday. The infant has not yet been identified.People of Dev Nagar informed the Tukoganj and MIG police after having spotted the baby in a nullah. They removed the body with the help of locals.Initially, the baby was assumed to be one-year-old but the doctors said the baby had taken birth hardly two to three days ago. The nearby residents said that they saw the baby covered in a white cloth on Friday evening but mistook it as some electronic machine. But, on Saturday morning, they realized that it was the body of an infant. Police have filed a case in this connection and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13114700", "title": "Jaipur may become smoke-free by year-end", "text": "JAIPUR: Jaipur police has a vision of making the city smoke-free by the end of this year. If the police can have their way, they will allow smoking only at designated places.Jaipur police commissioner B L Soni, medical health and family welfare department officials and various schools representatives held a meeting on Saturday at Jaipur police commissionerate on tobacco product sale and advertisement issues on Saturday.Soni said, \"We are trying to make Jaipur a smoke-free city by the end of the current year. It is our vision. There will be some designated places where smoking will be allowed so that health of common people will not be affected by others smoking.\"The police held a meeting with the school principals and their representatives at the commissionerate. Soni said, \"We just wanted to sensitize the schools about keeping the educational institutes free from tobacco. No teacher, driver, or any other school staff should smoke; they should try to keep the school premises safe from tobacco products.\"Narendra Singh, National Tobacco Control Program state consultant gave in-depth information about tobacco-free educational institutions and also shared statuary provisions of Cigarette and Other Tobacco Products Act (COTPA)-2003.All the schools were asked to declare their institutions tobacco-free as per the requirements of CBSE and ministry of health and family welfare guidelines.State nodal officer for tobacco control Dr Sunil Singh said that the department of medical health in collaboration with the police department, education department and associated line departments is making efforts for reducing tobacco consumption in the state. \"We are giving top-most priority towards ensuring enforcement of COTPA-2003. For the purpose challan forms will be provided to all 771 police stations of the state, they all are sending us monthly reports on the state of challan under their jurisdiction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13115026", "title": "Fraud case filed against Nirmal Baba", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Police on Friday registered a case of cheating and fraud against godman Nirmaljeet Singh Nerula alias Nirmal Baba, following the directions of a local court. The case against Nirmal Baba was lodged in Gomtinagar police station on the complaint of two children, Tanya Thakur and her brother Aditya Thakur, who had accused Baba of fooling people in the name of religion.The two children in their plea before a local court had alleged that Baba was fooling people by creating fear of religion and his acts were promoting superstition. They said that Baba holds 'durbar' in big cities and metros. His programmes are also aired on different TV channels. They said that they saw one of his programme on a TV channel and came to the conclusion that Baba was cheating ordinary and poor people facing various problems in life through his improbable solutions. Chief Judicial Magistrate (CJM) Rajesh Upadhyaya on May 9 had directed Gomtinagar police to register a case against the godman.The court had also directed the police to submit the investigation report before it. In its order, the court had said that 'the submission made by the applicants regarding Nirmal Baba was surely against the scientific and logical thinking of humans and fell in the category of misleading the society, superstition and cheating'.The court had also said that allowing entry into 'samagams' by depositing money directly into account and giving baseless and superstitions solutions amounts is not only cheating individual, but the entire society and this act should be probed. Police said that an inquiry officer will be deputed to probe the allegations. If proved guilty, Baba can get imprisonment of seven years.The complainants had alleged that 'darbars' or 'samagams' (meetings) of Nirmal Baba were being held in different cities, including Delhi, Kolkata and Mumbai, and these were being aired through various channels across the country.They alleged that people come with their problems in these meeting and accused Nirmala Baba of cheating the poor and illiterate people of the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13114460", "title": "Babu-mayor in game of one-upmanship", "text": "HYDERABAD: A turf war is on at the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC). Going by recent developments, it appears that mayor Majid Hussain and GHMC commissioner M T Krishna Babu are engaged in a game of one-upmanship.The GHMC commissioner, to remain in their good books, reportedly informs Majlis Ittehadul Muslimeen (MIM) MP Asaduddin Owaisi and the party assembly floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi first about important decisions like transfer of officials, other policy matters etc. Only after getting their nod, these decisions are made known to the mayor.In fact, Mohd Majid Hussain was upset when some additional commissioners and deputy municipal commissioners were transferred a day before he took over as mayor in January, 2012. But later, the transfer orders were put on hold and changes were made.The mayor is said to be unhappy with Krishna Babu as some works and transfers suggested by him were not undertaken by the commissioner. The mayor wants an additional commissioner, who holds an important wing, to be removed. But the commissioner has ignored this diktat. Even some of the developmental works were sanctioned only after repeated reminders.Apart from this, many decisions taken by the standing committee were not implemented by the commissioner. The mayor, who is also chairman of the standing committee, called for a special meeting of standing committee members a couple of weeks ago. He directed the officials to furnish information on the standing committee decisions. He asked them to explain how many decisions were implemented and why some were not implemented. The mayor and other standing committee members expressed unhappiness over delay in the implementation of the decisions though some works did not have any financial implications for the corporation.Majid Hussain, in an effort to gain control over the corporation, has started holding meetings with officials of each wing. In the past one month, the mayor conducted zonal-level review meetings with corporators and officials. The zonal conferences in East Zone, North Zone, West Zone and Central Zone were already conducted. He carried out surprise inspections in circles like L B Nagar, Kukatpally, Malkajgiri and Secunderabad circles. Incidentally, the mayor has ensured the presence of Krishna Babu during these visits for giving instructions to officials on the spot.To keep his party MLAs and corporators in good humour, the mayor even held a meeting with town planning wing officials regarding the road widening works in the Old City. Looking at the turn of events, analysts say the power struggle in the corporation might intensify further in the coming months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13114380", "title": "New Gandhinagar city planned", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The gap between Gandhinagar and Ahmedabad seems to be closing in. The Gandhinagar Urban Development Authority (GUDA) has earmarked a budget of Rs 166 crore for the New Gandhinagar city to be developed around the periphery the existing city.One of the major developments is that the Gujarat Sewerage and Water Supply Board has agreed to supply water to the tune of 30 million litres per day to the New Gandhinagar limits. A budget of Rs 24 crore has been earmarked for the purpose. The water will be supplied from the Kudasan water pumping station.Adalaj and Por areas will get a new road of 17.94 km length at the cost of Rs 14.98 crore. Two new artificial lakes will be developed at Vavol and Sargasan. A new set of public utility terminal is being planned, which can be used as a bus stand, an advertisement display facility, pick-up points, and roadside vending. The structure will run on hybrid system of solar and wind power. \"This way, GUDA can earn revenue from advertisements at minimal power costs,\" says a senior GUDA official.GUDA has also planned a new vegetable market for peripheral areas, where farmers can directly come to sell their vegetables. This will be developed at the cost of Rs 1.51 crore. Road stretches of nearly 25 km length will be developed in Raisan and Kudasan. A new sewerage collection network will be laid in the New Gandhinagar area and individual panchayats will be asked to connect their lines to the main GUDA trunk lines that will pass through the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13116186", "title": "Metro rail gears up for tunnelling work", "text": "Work On Shafts, Which Will Accommodate Tunnel-Boring Machines, Picks Up PaceCHENNAI: A huge crawler crane sits at the edge of a wide shaft deep enough to swallow a five-storey building. Its operator has his eyes fixed on a machinery manager. For the next few hours, the manager guides the operator as he pulls huge steel girders out of the shaft to accommodate two tunnel-boring machines at the metro rail work site at Nehru Park on Poonamallee High Road.The girders, weighing a few tonnes, are being removed from the shaft into which giant tunnel-boring machines, weighing approximately 400 tonnes, will be lowered two months from now.Work to launch tunnelboring for the Chennai Central-Koyambedu stretch of the Chennai Central-St Thomas Mount corridor has picked up pace. \"We are removing the girders and columns that supported the walls of the shaft because the concrete is set and the walls are strong enough. A one-metre thick basement slab, which can bear the weight of the tunnel-boring machine, is being concreted. We have also marked the location from where the machines should start boring,\" said a metro rail official.The type of construction chosen is determined by the type of soil and water level. The rocky soil underneath Poonamallee High Road has forced engineers of Larsen and Toubro (L&T;), which has the contract to build underground stations and tunnels at Nehru park, KMC and Pachaiyappa's College, to adopt a \"bottom up\" method to build the shaft.\"Building underground stations at Udyog Bhavan and Green Park in Delhi was a cakewalk as the soil was easy to cut open and dig. Here, it is rocky at a depth of 13-17 metres in some places and sandy in other places and the water table is also high,\" said an engineer.As the works involve huge machinery, sophisticated machines are used to check vibrations on nearby buildings where tilt metres, crack metres and building settlement markers are placed. \"Our officials check these instruments regularly to find if there are any changes. An online monitoring system is also implemented by which impact on buildings is monitored at a control centre at the main site office of L&T;,\" said an engineer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-13"}
