{"city": "patna", "code": "17093092", "title": "Anant, supporters create chaos", "text": "PATNA: Mokama MLA Anant Singh and his supporters threatened to play spoilsport at the rally. And it was not completely unexpected, given the legislator's background. But finally, it passed off peacefully after giving a scare to the rally organizers.Wearing a black cowboy hat, goggles and crisp white shirt and trouser, Singh reached the rally venue and created a chaos and stampede-like situation in the flanks just opposite the dais while meeting his supporters. It happened soon after CM Nitish Kumar arrived and was greeted with slogan shouting and clapping. Anant's supporters carried banner with his photo bigger than that of Nitish. He stood on a chair to show his face and waived at the restless supporters, who raised slogans in his favour.This continued for over 15 minutes, much to the embarrassment of the CM who watched the scene from the dais. Even after Singh left the gallery, his supporters continued shouting and pushing the barriers. Finally, they broke the barricade of one side much to the discomfort of the policemen and volunteers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "17095415", "title": "Falling milk price hits farmers", "text": "SHIMOGA: Milk producers in Shimoga and Davanagere districts are facing a problem of plenty. They thought they could earn some relief form the drought by upping the milk production but it has landed them in grief as the purchase price is Rs 1.75 less than the price set by the milk federation.The Shimoga Milk Federation, a KMF unit, has over 1,000 milk producing cooperative societies in two districts. It gets 3.4 lakh litres of raw milk daily from its members. While 1.75 lakh litres are sold to consumers daily, the rest is converted into milk powder.SMF president KL Jagadish told TOI the unit has unsold stock of powder and ghee worth of Rs 20 crore. About 11 litres of liquid milk produces 1 kg of dry powder and the cost of conversion is Rs 180 per kg. But the tenders are quoted at Rs 100 to Rs 120 per kg. \"We're unable to sell the huge stock and are facing huge losses and this has forced the federation to reduce the purchase price,\" he said.Experts said milk powder can be stored for six months. In several milk units across the state, excess powder has been stocked for the past four months. If KMF uses it immediately, it would help farmers by providing benefits accruing from the sale.Poor farmers have a painful story. Bogged down by drought and loss of traditional farm output, the sudden hike in cost of cattle-feed in the open market clubbed with the sudden lowering of procurement price have made their life miserable, said BT Sridhar, a farmer of Bhadravati, and Haleshappa of Shikaripur. Farmers have appealed to the government to make good the losses immediately.With a view to utilizing excess liquid milk and milk powder, the government announced a few months ago that 200 gms of milk would be given to every child daily with the midday meal. KMF was ready to provide it if it can recover the working cost.Sources said that even after three months, the file is still awaiting clearance. The main reason is the financial crunch faced by the department of social welfare and education in implementing the scheme. Farmers have urged the government to take a decision quickly before the stocked milk powder goes bad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093617", "title": "RLD asks state government to release 50 thousand to farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Rashtriya Lok Dal on Sunday asked the state government to release Rs 50,000 for each debt-ridden farmer as promised in the election manifesto of Samajwadi Party.The party, in a statement, alleged that the state government is mounting pressure on banks to recover the dues from the farmers, and demanded a firm agriculture policy to boost the agricultural activities in the state.\"There is a grave resentment amongst the farmers. And this will show up in the Lok Sabha elections,\" said newly appointedRashtriya Lok Dal state president, Munna Singh Chauhan. Chauhan will officially take charge on Tuesday.The party alleged that while the previous BSP government spent public funds on construction of memorials, the present Samajwadi Party government is not adhering to its poll promises, and accused the SP of being responsible for the recent cases of communal violence.The party said that it will be taking all the issues to the grass roots during party's restructuring drive that is expected to begin within a fortnight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094419", "title": "Board to crack down on loud firecrackers", "text": "CHENNAI: 'AK 47', 'Break Dance', and 'Gold Bonanza' may be ready to set the skies ablaze this Diwali, but the Tamil Nadu Pollution Control Board (TNPCB) has issued guidelines to ensure that high-decibel firecrackers such as these do not cause trouble to the public.The guidelines include a ban on bursting crackers near hospitals, courts, government offices and thickly-populated areas such as slums. \"As per the Supreme Court guidelines, there will be a ban on bursting crackers between 10pm and 6am. We will be closely monitoring pollution levels across the city. Those not adhering to the guidelines will be prosecuted. We are doing our best to ensure a safe Diwali,\" said a senior official from TNPCB.Those celebrating the festival, however, have no intention of letting anything dampen their spirits. Software professional R Anand plans to buy firecrackers named 'Mumbai Indians', which promises to release 150 sparkling sixers into the sky. It will set him back by 1,500. \"Diwali comes once a year and I am not going to be stingy,\" he said.The most expensive fireworks this season is 'Oh Calcutta', priced at 9,500. Sithik Muhammad, who owns a shop in Flower Bazaar, said it sends 500 lights into the sky. \"The demand is overwhelming, but supply is not enough owing to the sealing of 350 factories in Sivakasi. Prices have risen two to three times but customers are undeterred,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17093389", "title": "Anand mela concludes", "text": "VARANASI: Dedicated to the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekanand and Pandit Madan Mohan Malviya, the Anand Mela 2012, organised by Bang Darshan, the cultural and development society of Bengali community in the city was celebrated with great zeal and enthusiasm and saw its closing ceremony at Sonarpura area on Sunday. The two-day Bengali fair witnessed huge gathering splurging upon Bengali cuisine, handicrafts, handloom products and other articles. A number of cultural programmes and competitions including some of the traditional events like shankh dhwani competition, ulu competitions, Rangoli competition were also organised on the occasion.Dressed in traditional Bengali sarees, young girls participated in solo dance competitions. Cultural performances by local artists and artists from West Bengal enthralled the crowd with various instrumental and vocal music performances. According to spoke person of the society, NN Mukherjee, because this year's festival was dedicated to Swami Vivekananad and MM Malviya, a fancy dress compeition on similar theme was also organised on the occasion. Meanwhile, Rabindra Sangeet, Bengali folk songs and dance performances were also performed throughout the two-day festival.According to KN Chakravarty, president of the society, the festival is being organised every year since 2008 with the objective to preserve and propogate rich Bengali culture. A number of social events like financial aid for education of under privileged children, and other social activities are also under taken by the society, he added. \"We primarily encourage youngsters to understand the culture, heritage, literature and traditions of the community. To promote Bengali reading, a library Bang Sahitya Samaj at Jangambadi, has a stock of over 5000 books, manuscripts, hand written texts of Bengali literature. \" informed Chakravarty who is also the patron of the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17094994", "title": "Driver dies after SUV hits tractor", "text": "BANGALORE: A 60-year-old man died after a speeding SUV rammed into the tractor he was driving near Mahadevapura at 6am on Sunday.The tractor was ferrying water. The deceased is Krishnappa Muniyappa , resident of Kundalahalli. The driver of the SUV (TN 45-AV-5620 ), whose identity is still not known, has been shifted to hospital with serious injuries, police said.The accident occurred when the SUV driver lost control over his vehicle after crossing a speed breaker near Kundalahalli gate. \"The SUV was heading in the direction of the city. The tractor was taking a Uturn ,\" traffic police said.The SUV crashed into the tractor , throwing Krishnappa off the driver's seat. \"Tossed into the air, Krishnappa hit the ground and sustained serious head injuries. He was shifted to Brookefields hospital near Mahadevapura. But he succumbed to injuries around 10.15am,\" traffic police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095647", "title": "Bolo bolo maa ki... jai", "text": "Bolo Durga Maa ki... Jai! We say 'Victory to the Divine Mother' only as we take her out for immersion. Is that ironic, or true to reality? The latter, I'm led to believe. For, although we chant Ya devi sarvabhuteshu Matri rupen sangsthita, do we really look upon our mothers as a manifestation of the Mother Goddess?I, for one, didn't. As long as I was growing up, she was a 'mere housewife' - the term homemaker was to glorify the station long after I became a mother. Maa was good looking, maa could swim, she could climb trees, she could wash, clean, cook and serve a delicious meal with nothing in the kitchen. Maa was strong minded, resourceful, extremely generous to anyone who sought her help or protection. With equal ease she could supervise those farming her ancestral land, and build a sturdy house in Kolkata while her husband was scripting classics in crazy Bollywood. But Maa didn't speak English, did she?Perhaps that is why I had a lump in my throat as I watched English Vinglish. While Sridevi prepared the speech that would test her mastery of the Language of Gentlemen, I remembered my mother who didn't get a chance to matriculate when she was married off at 16 to a published writer. But how come, all through my growing years, I did not see how good she was at reciting Tagore? Why was I not fired by her desire to see me as a judge - a chair no woman had held till then?Maa, unlike Sashi Godbole of English Vinglish, took exams and did her masters long distance. But like her, Maa took care of her guests who showed up on the day of her final exam, and kept it a secret when she went out to write her paper. Now, when I watch the screen mother director Gauri Shinde has modelled after her own mom, I can only wipe off a tear - of joy. And of pride.*********Around the time Sridevi returned to the screen, Rupa Ganguly made a dent in Bengali, as the mother who pined for her son. It isn't perhaps a coincidence that both the films are directed by women marking their screen debut. Rupa won the National award for her rendition of a Tagore song in the film. I hear that the 'Best Playback' was a compensation for not crowning her the best actress. Now, if there was a contest between screen moms, would she be the best mother?Abosheshe is the story of discovery of a mother by her son. A mother who was left with her only child's baby socks, toy cycles and fading photographs as the son grew up in USA where the father made his new home. A mother who wrote to her son in her diary every night, certain that one day he would come looking for her. A mother who left behind her friends and family but gained a son after death. A son who came looking for Suchismita and went home with a mother.English Vinglish has little in common with Abosheshe. One premiered at the Toronto film festival; the other in the first Washington DC South Asian Film Festival. One got Sridevi recognition as India's Meryl Streep and Audrey Hepburn; the other got Rupa Ganguly a Rajat Kamal. One collected INR 15 crore and USD 9 million after 10 days in theatres; the other did not last 10 days even in Kolkata. But both are celebrations - of a woman whose sole identity is as a mother.*********Does this have anything to do with Mary Kom winning the silver at Olympics? Perhaps not. But again, it might not be a coincidence that we're witnessing all these in the same year. Mary is a champ in boxing - a sport that is decided by size, strength, bruises, injuries - none of which is a woman's cup of tea. And then she is a mother, twice over. Mary, we all know, had to overcome prejudices outside the ring - and that perhaps was a greater challenge than overcoming her opponents inside it.I know that now. That's why, long after my mother's death, I am singing Jai ho for her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095203", "title": "Retail FDI: House heading for another \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwinter storm\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks before Parliament opens for the winter session, the war over FDI in multi-brand retail is intensifying , with the Congress pushing for it with all its might and the BJP, Left, TMC and SP, among others, opposing it tooth and nail.This was evident from political reactions from across the spectrum to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and PM Manmohan Singh pitching for FDI at the Ramlila grounds on Sunday. Leader of Opposition in the Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley said, \"The government has no answer to the manufacturing jobs falling due to FDI in multi-brand retail and to the displacement of retail jobs. It says middlemen will be eliminated , but this will only benefit the retailers and not the farmer. In the US and Europe, a subsidy of $1 billion per day is given to farmers due to this reason.\"CPM general secretary Prakash Karat reacted to the Congress's advocacy of FDI in multi-brand retail saying, \"They are helping Walmart .\" He also said the government should pass the \"democratic test\" on FDI by putting the decision to vote in Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17093963", "title": "Elephant herds wreak havoc in Garhwa", "text": "GARHWA: Herds of wild elephants have been wreaking havoc in several villages of the Bhandaria and Dhurki blocks since the last couple of days.While these rogue elephants trampled a villager to death in the forest at Binda village in Bhandaria block, another such herd destroyed more than 10 acres of standing paddy crop at Kadwa village in Dhurki block on Wednesday.Sukan Bhuiyan (52) was trampled to death by a wild elephant who had strayed from its herd in a nearby forest at Binda village in Bhandaria block. Bhandaria forest ranger Augustine Tigga rushed to the village on receiving the information and handed over Rs 10,000 to the kin of the deceased under the family benefit scheme. The ranger said that the tusker had strayed from its herd. \"We are trying to drive away the tusker from the forest,\" Tigga added.Meanwhile, a herd of 20-25 wild tuskers have unleashed terror at Kadwa village in Dhurki block destroying more than 10 acres of paddy crop. Among those who suffered major damages of paddy crops included Lakhan Yadav, Vikram Yadav, Charitra Yadav and Ram Prasad Yadav. \"We are having sleepless nights as with these elaphants on a rampage,\" moaned Lakhan Yadav.Forest department officials are being regularly informed about the frequent attacks by the wild tuskers. But the officials have failed to take any measure to drive away the wild tuskers from the area so far,\" said another villager Vikram Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093168", "title": "Thorough search needed for dental implants", "text": "JAIPUR: Smoking drastically affects the life of oral implants, dental experts said on Sunday, the concluding day of the 6th International Congress on Oral Implantology.According to the experts, nicotine, a chemical found in tobacco, has adverse effect on bone tissue integration as it slows the blood circulation in the mouth. This in turn affects the process of bone transplant healing and regeneration, hampering the ultimate installation of the implant in one's body, they said.The doctors attending the congress also discussed on the elementary needs of the implantation, significance of a natural tooth over an oral implant, increase in requirement of oral implants in senior adults and how smoking is a potential threat to implants.Speakers from around the world at the conference also expressed their concern over post-implant surgery scenario where precautionary measures have to be diligently undertaken.Chairman of the conference Dr Satish Bhardwaj said, \"We discussed new technologies and various experiences in the world of implantology that will help the budding doctors.\" He also advised people to choose an implant after a market research only.Commenting on the availability of plethora of oral implants in the market, a doctor from New Delhi, Dr Ajay Sharma, stressed on choosing the right implant system. He said \"A person opting for an oral implant should be equally aware as the dentist in choosing the genuine implant.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17095313", "title": "Children on chat keep parents on toes", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The number of parents seeking expert help to cure their teenage children of their addiction to cellphone and internet chatting has shown an upward trend in the city. Their main grouse is that the children are happier in the company of total strangers than with them.The trend also points to the parents' ignorance in using the latest mobile gadgets and internet as teenagers indulge in chatting with a group of people in their peer group or total strangers without the parents' knowledge.There are also instances of children using their parents' cellphones and deleting the chat history once they complete the conversation.Dr P N Suresh Kumar , professor of psychiatry, KMCT Medical College, says teenagers -- especially girls - end up bonding with strangers. \"It all starts with a missed call on mobile phone whereas in the case of internet, they opt for social networking and chatting sites to forge friendship. A teenage girl recently underwent treatment after she insisted on marrying a stranger with whom she had bonded over chat,\" he said. \"It's a disease that needs medication. They also show symptoms of behavioural changes such as poor performance in academic activities, sudden mood swings, depression and adamant behavior.\"A parent who took his daughter, a plus-two student, to a psychologist said the girl, who was good in studies, suddenly started showing a lack of interest in it.\"She exploited my wife's ignorance on cellphones. She had to undergo four counselling sessions to get rid of the addition. We have now kept the cellphone and PC in a common corner so that everybody can see what my daughter is doing with them,\" he said.Sheela Anil, a psychologist with Navajeevan Counselling Centre who did research on emotional instability among adolescents and the impact on their academic performance, said she was getting at least a case daily. \"Parents are not sharing a close bond with their children, which make the latter share their feelings with a stranger. Many teenagers have told me that the comfort of someone listening to them is a major luring factor in chatting. Parents should keep an eye on their children besides maintaining a close rapport with the peer group of the children to avoid such incidents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095464", "title": "Health dept keeps dengue fever at bay", "text": "MYSORE: Cases of dengue, which were on the rise in the recent past, have drastically come down with district health department taking necessary and timely steps to curb the fatal fever.During 2008-11, the district had seen only one death from 67 dengue cases. In this year alone, there has been three deaths from 12 cases. The deaths were reported in HD Kote, KR Nagar and Mysore city. In HD Kote, a photojournalist died after he neglected the symptoms. The victims in KR Nagar and Mysore city were Pushpalatha, a homemaker, and a 12-year-old girl, respectively.Though the symptoms of dengue are similar to that of chikungunya, the fever is quite severe in case of dengue, which can also be fatal.\"The department had carried out many campaigns to curb the outbreak of dengue, which was once rampant,\" district health officer S M Malegowda told TOI. The department had launched an all-out effort to wipe out the female aedes mosquitoes, which transmit dengue, malaria and other diseases.Health department officials are going for a door-to-door survey in the district to educate the people on the importance of keeping their surroundings clean and stopping the breeding of larvae in stagnant water. During assembly, schoolchildren are also being told about the importance of using mosquito nets. Further, the awareness is created by rallies at taluk and school levels.Unlike chikungunya patients who are cured after some time, a patient tested positive with dengue will have to be treated at hospital.The officer also said that the number of malaria cases has come down from 83 to 53 till October-2012.Timely treatment a mustThe DHO said if a person is suffering from fever for more than four days, then (s)he must visit an authorized doctor, either in private or government hospital. It is advisable to go through the required test for dengue.The patient will be provided with intravenous (IV) fluids to prevent dehydration and platelet transfusion is indicated if the platelet level drops below 1 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17093942", "title": "Water meters to be installed in large plots soon", "text": "NOIDA: Two months since the uproar among Noida residents over highly inflated water bills, some of which ran up to several lakhs, the Noida Authority is all set to rein in the problem with water meters. The Noida Authority, which has been charging the water consumption of residents at fixed annual rates for the last three decades, has now initiated tender proceedings for installation and maintenance of water meters in all plots above the size of 240sqm.The Authority has invited Expressions of Interest for the project from interested parties by mid-December. Once the new meters are installed and metered bills generated, residents will be aware of the water consumption of their respective households and will pay accordingly. However, plots less than 240m in size will continue to be charged a fixed annual rate. The Authority is also undecided over revising the water charges in the city.Authority officials say that installation of water meters will not just regulate the billing system, but also restrict wastage of water. Once residents begin paying as per use, \"they will be forced to ensure they do not waste any water.\"The Authority hopes to complete all tender formalities by January next year, following which it will begin installing the water meters. The Authority is currently working on devising the details, including the tariff table for the new system whereby residents will be charged as per their respective consumption.\"We had been mulling over changing the current system of billing and installing water meters since July this year. The idea behind introducing the new system is not just to ensure timely bill payments, but to ensure that people use water cautiously,\" said Hom Singh Yadav, chief maintenance engineer (Jal), Noida Authority.Residents have also welcomed the Authority's decision to install water meters. \"On several previous occasions we have suggested to the Authority to install meters, regulate metered bills and systematize the billing system for water consumption in the city. Currently, we do not receive any bills from the Authority for water charges and that leaves ample room for chaos,\" said Sanjeev Mahajan, a resident of Sector 19.In August this year, the Authority's Jal department had begun the process of upgrading its billing system to an online one. However, since the Authority was settling its accounts for the first time since 1976, the exercise resulted in much confusion. Several residents across the city, including those who had made all due payments, were slapped with hefty arrears and penalties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17092721", "title": "2 jewellers in net for buying stolen booty", "text": "MUMBAI: Two Mira Road jewellers were arrested and sent to police custody till November 6 for buying stolen gold from chain snatchers. For the first time in several years, jewellers from Mira Road have been arrested. Jewellers in the region have slammed the arrests and shut shop citing police harassment.Rajendra Kicha (51), owner of Mangalam Jewellers, and Lalit Chankad (34), owner of Krishna Jewellers, were arrested on Friday and remanded in police custody by the Thane sessions court.After failing to pick up the two jewellers twice, the Nalasopara police arrested Kicha from his Beverly Park, Mira Road, residence and Chankad from his Gautam Nagar home in Bhayander.In September, a second-year commerce student Nilesh Thakur (20) was arrested by the Nalasopara police for 14 chain-snatching cases in Mira Road, Kashimira, Navghar and Nalasopara.Thakur, a resident of Vrindavan Towers in Mira Road, confessed to the crime. He mentioned the names of Mangalam Jewellers and Krishna Jewellers and said he had fetched good amount for the stolen jewellery. He also named his accomplice, 16-year-old Arvind (name changed), who was picked up from Amreli, Gujarat, on October 13. Arvind, a class 11th student and a Mira Road resident, also named the same two jewellers.Earlier, on two occasions, the police tried to interrogate the jewelers, hoewever, they met with opposition. Last month, the Mira-Bhayander Jewellers' Association along with Thane Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik met Thane rural superintendent of police Rajendra Sengaonkar in this regard.On Friday, the police recovered the stolen jewellery from the two shops. Soon after the arrests, jewellers shut their shops protesting against police \"harassment\". Jewellers said when they were the victims of robbery, there was no question of buying stolen ornaments. Cops, however, insist that most of the stolen jewellery find its way to shops in Mira-Bhayander region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093065", "title": "Parshottam Solanki airlifted to Mumbai hospital", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After being under observation for two days, Gujarat's minister of state for fisheries Parshottam Solanki was airlifted to Lilavati hospital in Mumbai on Sunday. Solanki had suffered minor brain haemorrhage and his condition is reportedly stable. He was under observation in neuro ICU ward at Sterling Hospital.According to sources close to the minister, he had slipped at his residence in Gandhinagar on Thursday evening. Chief medical officer of Sterling Hospital Dr Nikhil Lala said that Solanki suffered hemorrhage and has been advised rest.\"His condition was stable when he left our hospital. The minister's family members had demanded that he be taken to Lilavati Hospital as they knew some specialists there,\" Dr Lala claimed. Solanki was airlifted at 3.15 pm.Solanki is the ruling party BJP's key to Koli votes in Gujarat. 25 per cent of total voters along coastal areas of the state belong to his community.Doctors claimed that if Solakni goes in for a brain surgery to remove the clot, it would mean 25 more days of rest in hospital. \"Solanki cannot afford to be in hospital for long as the assembly elections are approaching fast. Expert neurosurgeons at Lilavati Hospital have been requested to watch his case closely,\" said a senior doctor at Sterling Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "17093134", "title": "Jackal attacks 13 in Dausa, killed later", "text": "ALWAR: A jackal attacked and injured at least 13 people including nine children in Dausa's Bandukui area on Saturday. The villagers informed the forest department officials but had to kill the animal when no officer arrived.According to report, a jackal was spotted around 2pm on Saturday. \"The animal barged into several houses near the Moti Nagar area. He pounced upon several people especially children and injured them,\" said Giriraj Prasad Sharma, a resident. At least nine children aged between 6 and 10 years were injured in the attack.Villagers alleged that the forest department officials had been informed immediately, however, no one arrived.Forester, Bandikui range Jagdish Prasad said that a team had been rushed to the spot in response to calls made by the residents. \"By the time the team reached the spot, the jackal had left the area. We kept tracing it but to no avail,\" said the officer.The panicked residents surrounded the animal and beat it to death using sticks and axes.According to the police, Rashmi (9), Yash (6), Pinki (10), Vijendra (14), Ajay (8), Rahul (10) and four others were injured in the attack. They are undergoing treatment at a government hospital in Bandikui.\"The body of the animal has been kept in the forest department's office. Postmortem will be conducted on Monday,\" said Jagdish Prasad.Alwar: A jackal attacked and injured at least 13 people including nine children in Dausa's Bandukui area on Saturday. The villagers informed the forest department officials, however, they had to kill the animal when no officer arrived at the spot.According to report, the jackal was spotted around 2 pm. \"The animal went berserk and started entering several houses in and around Moti Nagar area in the town. He pounced upon several people especially children and injured them,\" said Giriraj Prasad Sharma, a resident of Moti Nagar. At least nine children aged between 6 and 10 years were injured in the attack.Villagers alleged that the forest department officials had been informed immediately, however, no one arrived for rescue.Forester, Bandikui range Jagdish Prasad said that a team had been rushed into the town in response to calls made by the residents. \"However, when by the team would reach a particular place, the jackal left the area for other place. We kept tracing it but to no avail,\" said the officer.However, the panicked residents surrounded the animal and beat it to death using sticks and axes.According to the police, Rashmi (9), Yash (6), Pinki (10), Vijendra (14), Ajay (8), Rahul (10) and four others were injured in the attack. They are undergoing treatment at a government hospital in Bandikui.\"The body of the animal has been put in the forest department office. Postmortem will be conducted on Monday,\" said Jagdish Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17093243", "title": "IPS officer Hema Karunakaran dies of cancer", "text": "MADURAI: Hema Karunankaran (45), a senior IPS officer and deputy commissioner of police (law and order), Coimbatore, died after a prolonged illness at the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) in Madurai on Sunday.A native of Karupayurani in Madurai district, Hema is the wife of Coimbatore collector Karunakaran. An official at the GRH said that she was terminally ill with breast cancer in its advanced stage, coupled with distal metastases (cancer that has spread from the original tumour to distant organs). She was admitted to a private hospital in Chennai for the past several days and was shifted to Madurai on Saturday night after she suffered brain death. She died on Sunday morning. She is survived by her husband Karunakaran and two sons.A 1997 batch Tamil Nadu Police Service personnel, recruited as deputy superintendent of police, Hema was conferred Indian Police Service in 2004. \"She was of the rarest breed of sincere, honest and efficient police officers, diligent at solving cases with a humane approach,\" said a senior police official in Madurai. She particularly received praise from various quarters in handling cases related to women harassment. A large number of police officials from Coimbatore visited Madurai and paid homage to her. Later, her body was taken to native and final rites were performed.Hema started her career as assistant commissioner of police (ACP), dowry prohibition cell, Madurai city and later as ACP, prohibition enforcement wing. She also held stints as superintendent of police in the special investigation team, Tamil Nadu Uniformed Services Board, CB-CID, before assuming office of deputy commissioner of Coimbatore City in December 2010.She was awarded the Tamil Nadu Chief Minister's Police Medal for Excellence in Public Service in 2011. She was also awarded the 'Uthamar Gandhi' medal in 2002 for curtailing illicit liquor trade in Madurai city.Chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday condoled the death of Hema Karunakaran. In a message to the Coimbatore collector, she said, \"I was grieved to learn about the demise of your beloved wife Hema Karunakaran, IPS, after a brief illness. Although no words of solace would really be adequate in such circumstances, I wish to share your grief by conveying my deepest condolences to you and to all the other members of your family. I pray that the Almighty may give you the strength and fortitude to withstand this personal sorrow. May her soul rest in peace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095006", "title": "Rahul faces BJP flak for Kargil remark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rahul Gandhi and the BJP sparred on Sunday over the Kargil war. The Congress leader reminded the saffron outfit that while in opposition his party had supported the ruling NDA on the Kargil issue but with the roles reversed, it was not reciprocating the gesture on national issues.The BJP hit back saying the Congress had not done any obligation to it, saying it was the duty of every patriotic Indian to support the armed forces at that crucial juncture. Gandhi, Congress general secretary, raked up the Kargil issue in his speech at the Congress rally at Ramlila grounds here.\"We were also in the Opposition. Then the Kargil war happened. We were all together. Congress stands together in the interest of the country whether we are in government or not. They (BJP) oppose without any thought. They are engaged only in opposing without giving a thought to anything ,\" Gandhi said.This did not go down well with the BJP, which retorted by saying it is the duty of all Indians to support the country at such a crucial juncture. \"Did they (Congress) oblige the NDA by supporting us in Kargil war. That is the duty of every patriotic citizen to support the country's armed forces and the government at the time of a war,\" BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097627", "title": "Imran, Adi enhance their movie watching experience", "text": "Imran Khan dedicated his hi-tech film screening room to nani Ayesha while Adi Chopra builds a new one to showcase his father's last directorialWatching a movie isn't just about the film that's being screened. It's not even about the popcorn. And who would know it better than those who make movies. TOI has learnt that Imran Khan and Aditya Chopra have recently decided to enhance their movie watching experience. But while the actor plans to keep it private, the YRF scion has plans on a grander scale.TOI has learnt that Imran, who re-christened his Pali Hill residence NH bungalow (after his grandfather Nasir Hussain), has constructed a 20-seater theatre there. The private screening room that boasts of the latest technology has been named 'Ayesha Talkies' after his nani, the wife of late Nasir Hussain.A source close to the actor told us that the room has a 70's look and feel to it. \"It is a lot like the old Liberty or Regal theatre. Imran wanted to give a retro look to the room since his naani loved watching films,\" explained the source.Imran too confirmed the news and said, \"I have always been very close to my nani and she loved films. She would watch a film frequently and praise everyone involved. This is in her memory.\"On the other hand, the Adi had decided to set up a new auditorium in the ground floor of YRF Studios, very close to the entrance. According to insiders, the sudden decision has been taken to hold a grand premiere of his late father's last directorial Jab Tak Hai Jaan . The new auditorium will now accommodate up to 650 people unlike the other preview theatre in the building that could only host 120.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094594", "title": "Abducted TDP leader rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP leader and Ongole dairy chairman Challa Srinivasa Rao who was kidnapped in Jharkand has been rescued by the police.According to information reaching here, police located the kidnappers at Bapur and secured his release. Police arrested eight kidnappers of whom four are Andhra Pradesh.Police said Srinivasa Rao was kidnapped for money. Srinivasa Rao, also a contractor, secured a big contract worth Rs 120 crore in Jharkhand to execute a road project. He was kidnapped along with his driver and accountant when he went there to check the progress of the road works he had undertaken.Sources said the trio was rescued unharmed from Dudhkol village in Sahibgunj district.After three days of searches, a team of cops spotted the place of the abductors after tracing a cell phone conversation between one of the kidnappers and a coordinator of the company.The police team, headed by SP A Vijayalakshmi found the phone number from inside of an abandoned car carrying the company officials near Hiranpur village.A police official said the contractor's company is engaged in the construction of a road between Barehiet and Sahibganj.The kidnappers, the SP said, had confessed during interrogation that they wanted to get an extortion amount 10% of the total cost of the road project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093693", "title": "Testing time for students due to National Eligibility cum Entrance Test uncertainty", "text": "NAGPUR: As soon as two students knocked on judiciary's doors against the new medical entrance test, coaching centres across the city were abuzz with rumours on the fate of the exam scheduled for 2013. The National Eligibility cum Entrance Test (NEET) is the central government conducted exam which will replace all other common entrance tests. The petitioners have pleaded before the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court that the state board syllabus is still not at par, thus putting them at a disadvantage.While the court has given time to the respondents till December 13 to file a reply, students preparing for the crucial exam are in a quandary. Sameer Phale, lecturer at Ambedkar College (Deekshabhoomi), said, \"In 2011, similar thing happened and students were a worried lot. Suspense over whether NEET will be conducted in 2012 prevailed almost till the last moment. This year, we had been preparing ourselves assuming that the NEET will be held in 2013, but with the matter now in the court, we will have to wait and watch.\"Talking to TOI over the phone, the directorate of medical education and research chief Pravin Shinghare said there are no changes yet. \"I am not aware of the development in Nagpur court. Hence, as of now I have to say that NEET shall be held in 2013. But, ultimately, we will follow whatever the court orders us to do,\" he said.Chandrakant Satija, who heads the Nagpur branch of a national coaching centre, said, \"I don't understand why people go to courts at the last moment? Since last year we are aware that NEET is going to be conducted in 2013. The Supreme Court has cleared it and then the state government approved it. Hence going to courts at the last hour is just putting parents and students in a fix.\"A division bench comprising justices Bhushan Gavai and Sunil Deshmukh issued notices to the respondents, including Medical Council of India (MCI), State Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER) and state secretary for Department of Medical Education and Drugs. They were asked to file a reply before December 13, which was fixed as next date of hearing. \"Prima facie we find that the policy of holding NEET can't be flouted. However, prior to doing that we are of the view that it will be necessary that the syllabus for entire country is common and the students should be put on same level before they appeared in the test,\" the judges observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093918", "title": "Liberals fume as leading dargahs in Mumbai bar women from sanctum", "text": "MUMBAI: One of the features of Sufi shrines is an inclusive approach to devotees. That character is now being turned on its head by Mumbai's iconic dargahs, which have started segregating men and women visitors. Seven dargahs have banned women from entering the astana (sanctum sanctorum, where a saint is buried) and many more are preparing to do so.The ban has existed for a year at the Haji Ali dargah, which allows women to offer prayers and chaddar from behind a barrier that is four feet from the mazaar (grave), thus preventing them from touching the resting place of the saint.At the Mahim dargah-the shrine of Makhdoom Shah Baba-the trustees for six months have been \"sensitizing\" women to the thought that going near the saint's grave is \"un-Islamic\".After the dargah's redevelopment, there will be a separate enclosure for women like the one at the Haji Ali shrine, denying them access to the astana. At present, men and women are allowed into the astana in separate batches.The development at the seven dargahs was brought to light by the advocacy group Bhartiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA), which recently surveyed 20 dargahs in Mumbai. \"Last March, after our conference in Mumbai, our women activists visited the Haji Ali dargah and offered prayers inside the sanctum sanctorum. But this year, during the survey, we were shocked that the dargah had banned women from entering the mazaar,\" said Noorjehan Safia Niaz, founder member, BMMA.Sunni and Deobandi clerics support the seven dargahs' decision. \"The sharia does not allow intermingling of men and women at any place. The visit of women to graves is forbidden. It is welcome that the dargahs are following this rule,\" said Maulana Athar Ali, a Sunni cleric. Senior Deobandi cleric Maulana Mahmood Daryabadi echoes this. \"They should have done it much earlier. I am glad they are now following a rule sanctioned by the sharia,\" he said.But liberal Muslims are outraged. \"This is shocking and shameful. This is a regressive step that will further fuel Islamophobia and encourage the detractors of Islam to allege that the religion practices discrimination against women,\" said Javed Anand of Muslims for Secular Democracy (MSD).Urdu columnist Hasan Kamaal called the banning of women from astanas \"extreme misogyny\". \"If women and men are allowed to go around the holy Kaaba, and perform haj and umrah (mini-haj) together, why cannot they pray at the dargahs together? It is an insult to the legacy of Sufism, which is moderate and inclusive,\" said Kamaal.Dargah trustees are adamant on their decision. Suhail Khandwani, managing trustee of the Mahim dargah and also a trustee at the Haji Ali dargah, said trustees were only following what muftis, or clerics who issue fatwas, have demanded for long. \"Muftis have time and again pointed out that Islam does not permit women to visit a cemetery. While we prefer to call dargahs resting places of the saints, they are in fact graves and the sharia does not allow women to visit graves.\"Still, he admitted that barring women from the astana at Mahim dargah would be difficult. \"Haji Ali is an isolated dargah, but the Mahim shrine is right in the middle of a residential area. So, residents, including women, feel a sense of ownership. Also, the dargah is a resting place of the saint as well as his mother. So, it is rather difficult to tell women not to go in.\"What worries the BMMA is that dargah trustees may not stop with banning women from entering astanas. \"They might bar entry for non-Muslims as well, which would damage the secular fabric of the country,\" said a BMMA member.'Regressive step will fuel Islamophobia'The fact that seven dargahs in the city, including Haji Ali, have barred women from astanas (sancta sanctorum) was brought to light by the advocacy group Bhartiya Muslim Mahila Andolan (BMMA), which recently surveyed 20 dargahs in Mumbai. \"Last March, after our conference in Mumbai, our women activists visited the Haji Ali dargah and offered prayers inside the sanctum sanctorum. But this year, during the survey, we were shocked that the dargah had banned women from entering the mazaar,\" said Noorjehan Safia Niaz, founder member, BMMA.Sunni and Deobandi clerics support the seven dargahs' decision. \"The sharia does not allow intermingling of men and women at any place. The visit of women to graves is forbidden. It is welcome that the dargahs are following this rule,\" said Maulana Athar Ali, a Sunni cleric. Senior Deobandi cleric Maulana Mahmood Daryabadi echoes this. \"They should have done it much earlier. I am glad they are now following a rule sanctioned by the sharia,\" he said.But liberal Muslims are outraged. \"This is shocking and shameful. This is a regressive step that will further fuel Islamophobia and encourage the detractors of Islam to allege that the religion practices discrimination against women,\" said Javed Anand of Muslims for Secular Democracy (MSD).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094666", "title": "Armyman, daughter die in city road accident", "text": "HYDERABAD: An Indian Army havildar and his teenage daughter died in a road mishap in Gachibowli on Sunday.The victims were identified as Ramaswamy, 47, a havildar at the Artillery Centre in Golconda, and his 18-year-old daughter Nivedita. The victim's families stay at Ibrahimbagh in Golconda.At about 1 pm, the duo was returning home on a bike from the University of Hyderabad, where Nivedita had appeared for an entrance examination on Sunday.As they were approaching the Gachibowli flyover, Ramaswamy, who was supposedly riding to the left of the road, suddenly shifted lane to get on to the flyover.\"Due to sudden change of lane, a ready-mix truck (AP 28 Y 6125) behind them rammed into the bike and the victims fell on the road. Before the truck driver could apply brakes, the rear tyres of the vehicle ran over them, crushing them to death,\" Raidurgam sub-inspector (SI) M Mahipal Reddy said.Immediately after the incident, the truck driver, Sunil Kumar abandoned the vehicle and fled from the spot. He later surrendered before police. Police sent the bodies for postmortem and a case was booked against the accused under section 304-A (Causing death due to rash or negligent act) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093154", "title": "Over 225 crore undisclosed income detected", "text": "JAIPUR: The investigation wing of the income tax department has unearthed nearly Rs 225 crore of undisclosed income and seized at least Rs 10 crore this year so far. The Rs 225 crore figure is an all-time high for the city.According to IT sleuths and senior officers of Rajasthan police, Jaipur is becoming a hub for hawala traders and likely to become a leader in hawala trading in north India.Senior officers of the income tax department said till November 3, 2012 the Rajasthan wing of I-T (investigations) has unearthed an undisclosed income of over Rs 225 crore.\"This much of unaccounted income we have unearthed merely from four different assesses in our surveys conducted in the month of April and November. In the month of April 2012, we had detected an undisclosed income of nearly Rs 71 crore from three different assesses. It is reminiscent and indicates that hawala traders are quite active from Jaipur. It appears that Jaipur has become bastion of the hawala traders,\" a senior officer of I-T (investigations) said on Sunday.When contacted the IT officers indicated that the figure by the end of December may go further up.\"I think it was biggest ever detection of the undisclosed income in Rajasthan ever. We hope that the figure might go further up by December 2012,\" said Sunil Mathur, director, I-T(investigations).He admitted that many of assesees were also involved in the hawala trading. \"Our searches found that many of them who are into the business of jewellery and real estate are also into hawala trading,\" Mathur added.It may be recalled that Rs 100 crore undisclosed income and seizure of Rs 3.7 crore was made from one assesee by the I-T team on Saturday.Sources said Dubai-based hawala traders are active in Jaipur and many city jewellers play the role of catalyst and are into money laundering.Senior police officers of the Jaipur police commissionerate also admitted that the hawala activity is rampant in Jaipur. \"Based on a tip off, we crack a whip on hawala traders and make arrests,\" a senior police officer said.I-T Raids In CityJuly 2012 - Income tax officials detected undisclosed income worth Rs 31 crore following raids conducted at 17 places belonging to two leading business groupsApril 2012 - Detected undisclosed income worth 71 crore in raids conducted at 26 different places belonging to three leading business groupsNovember 2012 - Officials also detected undisclosed income worth over Rs 100 crore following raids conducted at different premises belonging to a leading business group", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093256", "title": "Six injured as car collides with bus", "text": "PUNE: Six people, including a police inspector, were injured when their car they were travelling in collided with a state transport bus near Karla phata on the old Pune-Mumbai highway on Friday.The injured are: inspector Baldeo Bhujbal, who is posted with the Dombivli railway police, his wife Ranjana, daughter Menaka, son Parikshit and relative Sunil Raut - all from Navi Mumbai - and bus driver Nivrutti Bhamre.Inspector Mohan Jadhav of the Lonavla city police station on Saturday said Bhujbal and his family members left Mumbai in a car for the Ekviradevi temple at Karla near Lonavla.Jadhav said the driver lost control over the car when one of its tyres got punctured and collided with the state transport bus which was heading to Pune. The bus driver also lost control of the vehicle and dashed against a container after entering the Mumbai-Pune lane. The accident occurred around 12.30pm. The injured were undergoing treatment at a hospital in Nigdi and their condition was reported to be out of danger, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098578", "title": "Prabhas\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Mirchi release to be postponed?", "text": "The release of Prabhas-starrer Mirchi might be pushed back to the third week of January. A little bird told us that there's still quite a bit of shooting left to be completed and looks like the film might not make for Sankranthi. Mirchi has just wrapped up the brief Tenkasi (Tamil Nadu) schedule and the unit is on the way back to Hyderabad.Debutante director Koratala Siva is fast wrapping up the shooting and planning to release the audio in December. V. Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations. Prabhas will be seen romancing Anushka and Richa Gangapadhyay in this film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17095079", "title": "Naxals gangrape two minors in Chattisgarh", "text": "RAIPUR: Police rescued two minor tribal girls who had run away from home on Friday after they were allegedly gangraped by Maoists in Chhattisgarh's Bijapur district.Bijapur superintendent of police Prashant Agarwal on Sunday said the girls, aged 11 and 12, ran into a joint patrol of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) and state police in Madded area of Bijapur. They told the security personnel that local Maoist leader Mudiyam Gujja and other rebels took them into the forest and gangraped them.Quoting the girls, the SP said the Maoists force children , mainly girls, to join their 'Bal Sangam' and sexually exploit them. Agarwal said these girls, who have never attended school, now want to stay in an ashram and study. He said the Maoists have issued a diktat in the area asking people not to send their girl children to schools.\"The medical examination of both the minor girls confirmed sexual exploitation ,\" the official said, adding that a case has been registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17093750", "title": "Stain on khaki: Cop held for demanding Rs 30k bribe", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: An assistant police inspector (New Panvel) was arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (Thane) in Nerul on Saturday for demanding a bribe of Rs 30,000 from a container owner whose vehicle was recently involved in a fatal accident.The accused, Hiraman C Chavan, had reportedly demanded an initial amount of Rs 50,000 from the container vehicle owner in order to release the vehicle from the police custody. The container had last month crashed into a car in Panvel, killing three persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098115", "title": "Kunaal and Anuvab's funny take on Bengalis", "text": "Two of India's funniest men \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Kunaal Roy Kapur and Anuvab Pal \u00e2\u20ac\u201d had the audience in splits when they took to the stage for their new comedy show, 'Nothing Like Anything', presented by theatre group TreeHat.Kunaal's politically incorrect jibes on budget, circumcision and F1 tracks got the loudest laughs, cheers, claps and wolf whistles. Anuvab's take on Bengalis and some political figures almost made the younger generation of the crowd roll on the floor! The show was a refreshing change from other stand-up performances as the comedians didn't pick on the guests. \"I liked Kunaal as his jokes were funnier and more relatable,\" said Vikas Churiwala, who came to see the show with his friends. \"We brought in the two to make people aware of stand-up comedy, which is yet to pick up in Kolkata. We hope to organize more such events in future,\" said organizer Vedant Agarwal. Anuvab and Kunaal also praised the Kolkata audience after the show. \"The audience was very educated and tolerant. They took the jokes in the right spirit,\" said Anuvab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17098661", "title": "Yuvraj, Harbhajan make comeback; Suresh Raina dropped for England Tests", "text": "MUMBAI: Yuvraj Singh on Monday staged a remarkable comeback to the Test fold, while struggling off-spinner Harbhajan Singh also returned from wilderness as India named a 15-member squad for the first two Tests against England starting November 15.The 30-year-old, who fought back after being diagnosed with a rare germ cell cancer last year, forced his way back into the squad after commendable performances in the domestic circuit.Harbhajan also got the nod from the new selection panel headed by former Test cricketer Sandeep Patil more than a year after his last appearance in a five-day game.There were no major surprises by the selectors, who dropped Suresh Raina to accommodate Yuvraj while Harbhajan made his way at the expense of injured leg-spinner Piyush Chawla.Sachin Tendulkar , the seniormost member of the squad, will provide solidity in an otherwise inexperienced middle-order line-up which will also have the in form Virat Kohli. Cheteshwar Pujara and Yuvraj will be the others in the middle order.Tamil Nadu opener Murali Vijay was also named in the squad as a reserve opener though the selectors retained the experienced duo of Virender Sehwag and Gautam Gambhir despite both of them going through a form slump for a long time.Vijay replaced S Badrinath, who featured in the last Test against New Zealand in August.Pace spearhead Zaheer Khan , whose fitness was under the scanner after he limped off the field during a Ranji Trophy match on Sunday, has also been retained apparently after getting the physio's nod. Umesh Yadav and Ishant Sharma are the two other pacers in the squad.The team has seven specialist batsmen, three pacers, three spinners and one wicketkeeper batsman in skipper Mahendra Singh Dhoni.The series starts in Ahmedabad from November 15, followed by the second Test in Mumbai (from November 23 to 27). The third Test is scheduled in Kolkata (December 5 to 9) and the final match will be played in Nagpur from December 13 to 17.It is an emotional comeback for Yuvraj, who made his international return during the World Twenty20 Championships in Sri Lanka in September.The all-rounder then went on to impress one and all with his fine performance in the Duleep Trophy for North Zone.His 208 against Central Zone was followed by a 59 and a five-for against England for India A at the Brabourne Stadium last week, proving that he was fit for the rigours of five-day cricket.Harbhajan, on the other, went wicketless in his 21 overs for Punjab against Hyderabad in Mohali but did reasonably well during a county stint for Surrey before this.The presence of Vijay in the squad puts pressure on Sehwag and Gambhir to perform since Ajinkya Rahane is already in the side and can perform the role of an opener.In the spin department, the selectors have opted for two off-spinners in R Ashwin and Harbhajan, while left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha adds variety in the absence of any leg-spinner.Squad for first and second Tests:Mahendra Singh Dhoni (c), Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Virat Kohli, Sachin Tendulkar, Yuvraj Singh, Cheteshwar Pujara, R Ashwin, Umesh Yadav, Pragyan Ojha, Ajinkya Rahane, Harbhajan Singh, Ishant Sharma, Murali Vijay, Zaheer Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093849", "title": "Uttar Pradesh elicits , in Gurgaon, invite industrialists to set base", "text": "LUCKNOW: Senior bureaucrats of the Uttar Pradesh government met 20 industrialists on Sunday while participating in the two-day CII Invest North conclave in Gurgaon. Focusing on investment opportunities in the food processing, dairy and mega infrastructure sectors, the state government disseminated information about the state's new industrial and infrastructure investment policy, 2012.Speaking to TOI, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner, Anil Kumar Gupta said, \"Several industrial houses expressed a desire to invest in UP during the Focus UP session on Sunday. We have clarified many questions and have also advised people about the advantages of investing in UP - subsidies and other tax holidays.\"Claiming that UP, with new industrial and infrastructure investment policy had emerged as a sought-after investment destination, officials said that investors evinced interest in the energy and sugar sectors as well. Among the investment offers received by the state government on Sunday was from Noida-based Jackson Limited, which offered to set up a 50 MW renewable energy power plant in Bulandshahr. In keeping with the government's emphasis on developing the dairy sector, Hyderabad-based Heritage Food India Limited also offered to set up a dairy plant in western UP. Similarly, the state government's sugar policy also elicited several questions from investors.On Sunday, minister for small-scale industries and export promotion, Bhagwat Sharan Gangwar also extended an invitation to investors from Indian and international industrial houses to invest in various sectors in Uttar Pradesh. Releasing the CII-KPMG report on 'Investment Climate in Uttar Pradesh', with a detailed presentation on the industry and investment opportunities made available by the state government, Gangwar said that UP holds the key to India becoming a leading economy owing to its enormous resources, vastness in terms of size and vast pool of skilled work force and an ever-increasing consumer base.With the UP stall focusing on spreading the word about the new industrial policy, Nivesh Mitra, the web-based single window clearance system, mega infrastructure initiatives comprising of Agra-Lucknow expressway, proposed mega leather clusters at Hardoi and Kanpur, plastic-city in Auraiya, exemptions and facilities for infrastructural development, the minister also said that the Samajwadi Party government is making efforts to simplify procedures, provide better road and power services and to create an enabling environment for industry in UP.AK Gupta, while participating in a panel discussion said UP will attain a power surplus status soon. Saying that generating capacity addition has been taken up seriously and the state will add \"around 12,000-15,000 MW within the next 3-4 years\". The IIDC also said to strengthen the transmission and distribution systems in the state, power transmission capacity will be enhanced to 30,000 MW from the existing 11,000 MW, during the same period.Informing investors about the implementation of the Restructured Accelerated Power Development &amp; Reforms Programme (RAPDRP) in power distribution sector, Gupta said for improvements in this sector, Part B of the RAPDRP is being implemented initially in 26 towns, and would be gradually expanded to 400 more towns with population of more than 30,000.On Sunday, UP also received a helping hand from Jubilant Life Sciences and HCL Technologies among others. Inviting more investors into UP, executive director, Jubilant Life Sciences Ltd Shyam Bang said UP, with its enormous pool of skilled and unskilled manpower, sufficient land and raw material allowed industrial houses to do business cheaply.Speaking on the behalf of entrepreneurs who have invested and are implementing projects in Uttar Pradesh, Saurabh Adhikari of HCL Technologies Limited said that he was satisfied with the state government's support. Calling the state's new IT policy as forward looking, Adhikari also welcomed other long-term progressive policies of the state.In the interactive session between top bureaucrats and the state government officials, principal secretary, Jeevesh Nandan said that the state government is working to push UP into the forefront of software exports from its current sixth position. Earlier, Alok Saxena, chairman CII UP State Council said the SP government has been proactive and instilled a sense of confidence among the industrial fraternity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094131", "title": "Gadkari case BJP\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s issue, not ours, says RSS", "text": "CHENNAI: The three-day RSS national council meet concluded here on Sunday with the Sangh maintaining its distance from the controversy surrounding BJP president Nitin Gadkari .The RSS said it was \"up to the BJP to decide\" if he would continue as the party chief. RSS general secretary Suresh Joshi parried queries on the Sangh influencing the BJP decision on continuance of Gadkari as the party president. \"We are just swayamsevaks. We are not playing any role in this,\" he said. Speaking o reporters, Joshi said, \"an impartial inquiry\" must be conducted into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093210", "title": "Cartoon shows not always innocent fun, say parents", "text": "PUNE: Seven-year-old Pragya Mishra, a well-mannered girl till very recently, is now a constant source of worry for her mother, Manisha. \"There has been a sea-change in her behaviour. Most worrisome is the manner in which she interacts with me,\" says the worried mother.To begin with, Manisha blames some of the Japanese animation shows on TV for encouraging rude and unbecoming behaviour in kids. \"There are at least two shows in the cartoon channels that encourage kids to be disrespectful towards parents, especially mothers. In these shows, the characters constantly pass comments on their mothers and are openly rude. Naturally children, who watch these shows, think this is an accepted way to behave.\"The Broadcasting Content Complaints Council (BCCC), an Indian Broadcasting Foundation (IBF) venture, acts as a regulatory authority to keep a check on such shows and content. Says an industry source: \"We have received some complaints, though not many, about such programmes, particularly two Japanese ones. These complaints are generally about the language spoken by children in such programmes being too rude towards parents, and also about children (in the cartoons) not listening to their parents.\"\"One parent said the programme was brash and inappropriate. Another complainant felt such cartoons distract children from studies and homework, and children want 'shortcuts' like gadgets to solve their problems. One parent felt there is nothing educative in the programme. According to another parent, the programme encourages children to disrespect and pass comments on parents,\" adds the source.Some parents, like Anusha and Shardul Godbole, feel that Japanese anime shows encourage violence and inappropriate behaviour in kids. Says Anusha: \"Most of these shows have adult content. There is a lot of physicality between the characters. The violence shown is also very graphic with a lot of blood and gore.\"\"Most of the time, the kids are alone at home with both parents working. It gets difficult to monitor such content. All this affects the psyche of the kids,\" adds Shardul.Psychologist Meenal Wardekar says, \"When the target audience comprises kids, it is the responsibility of the channel to make sure that the content is suitable. Young minds are prone to be influenced. It should be healthy entertainment; else it may affect the child as he grows.\"People like Manisha and Shardul know for sure that some of the content in a few shows is inappropriate, but they are at a loss as to how to go about making sure that their kids don't watch it. In such cases, the BCCC comes to the rescue.The organisation encourages parents and others to lodge complaints. The complaints will be taken up by the BCCC, provided they are valid. The date, time, name of the programme, name of channel, name of complainant and the text of the complaint should be clearly mentioned.Wardekar says, \"It would be really good if such shows could be monitored. Making sure that such content is not showcased will contribute towards a healthy upbringing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097689", "title": "Farhan's dare devil act during Bhaag Milka Bhaag shoot", "text": "Farhan Akhtar has done some rigorous and dangerous form of mountain running while shooting for 'Bhaag Milka Bhaag' in Ladakh. Apparently, the actor underwent special training to perfect the regime and shoot for it. A unit source informed, \"Mountain running involves a training in being able to run at high altitudes under low oxygen atmosphere. Ladakh is at the height of 9,800 sq ft in Kashmir. Usually at that altitude the atmosphere is very unfavourbale and people experience giddyness and end throwing up. In spite of such a difficult terrain and hostile geographical conditions Farhan Akhtar shot one of the most difficult scenes for the film.\" The source added, \"Farhan wanted to try something new for the audience to watch and did not mind putting that extra effort. Farhan has done a feat that usually even experienced athletes find it difficult.\" The running scenes took its toll on Farhan. \"He lost a lot of weight and was completely exhausted by the end of it. There are also scenes shot in higher altitudes of Ladakh where no film has been shot before,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17095451", "title": "Punjab on fire: NASA captures stubble burning", "text": "LUDHIANA: Stubble burning in lakhs of agricultural fields by Punjab farmers has finally caught the eye of NASA. The Aqua satellite of NASA has sent images of the state's agri farms in which entire Punjab appears to be literally on fire, from the low Earth orbit. There is a ban on stubble burning in Punjab but it goes up in smoke every year as paddy and wheat fields are ignited by farmers once the harvest season is over.The images of the burning of paddy straw were captured by the satellite on October 31. The fields appear as little red dots of fire. NASA has commented on its website - \"What is striking about the images is the large number of fires. Smoke from hundreds of fires obscures most of the Punjab region of India.\"Without commenting on the harmful effects of stubble burning on soil fertility and environment, NASA has observed that \"this area is a major source of agriculture for India, producing approximately two-thirds of the country's food\". Ban on stubble burning has not been implemented properly and there have hardly been any police case against farmers who flout the law.Reacting to NASA pictures, Mukhtar Singh Gill, a professor at Punjab Agricultural University (PAU), Ludhiana, said, \"This is a big problem as it not only kills microbes in the soil but also causes air pollution. We have been creating awareness among farmers not to burn the stubble.\" Most farmers prefer to burn the stubble instead of taking it to five biomass plants due to high transportation cost.In every district of the state, deputy commissioners issue prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC banning stubble burning but the ritual largely remains confined to paper. \"Government does not want to annoy farmers and action is taken only when fire causes some major damage,\" said an official of the agriculture department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094173", "title": "Maoists, state dole out carrot-and-stick strategies to woo each other", "text": "RANCHI: On Bihar-Jharkhand borders: If Maoists have compelled the government to think seriously about those who were ignored since independence in the tribal heartlands of the country, progressive looking policies of government have also compelled the Maoists to rethink their strategy which includes the recent ban on brutal tactics of meting out punishments to the defaulters. Both sides are fighting a strategic war of being and popular with the masses.Maoists have been treading the line propounded by Marx, Lenin and Mao Zedong in letter and spirit all through, but given the radical change in government's approach to some of its policies, which includes outreaching to the remote places with development packages, the Maoists are being compelled to review their stand.The Maoists who have rejected the concept of existing form of parliamentary democracy and its efficacy in extending any relief to the highly deprived population find it difficult to respond to some of the recent steps of Union government which includes certain progressive bills and schemes for remote areas like the Saranda and Sarju. When asked if they consider the draft proposal of Mines and Mineral Development Regulation (MMDR) Act which promises share of profit or royalty to the land owners, the right to fair compensation resettlement rehabilitation and transparency in land acquisition bill pending in Parliament, MGNREGA, Right to Information Act (RTI), Forest Rights Act (FRA) and schemes like National Rural Livelihood Mission as a success of the Maoist movement in the country, spokesperson for Bihar Jharkhand north Chhatisgarh frontier regional committee, Manas said that this is too little an achievement and have come rather late.\"Obviously, people's movements in different parts of the country have compelled the government to think differently. But it would be living in fool's paradise if we become satisfied with these attractive policies,\" he said. While a section of the Maoist leadership believes that they should not raise objection to some of the people-friendly schemes like MGNREGA and FRA even if they have been introduced by the parliamentary democrats as an opposition to the schemes would render them unpopular among the militia. Manas describes these pro-people policies of the government as a tactical part of the LIC policies of capitalist governments. \"Post the Second World War, the world saw a rise of communist revolution in many parts of the world and the capitalist societies came forward with the low intensity conflict (LIC) policy in which every effort was made to suppress the communist uprising and its popularity,\" he said. The spokesperson described that under LIC, introducing the so-called pro-people schemes are like offering lollypops to the kids so that they stop raising a hue and cry. \"Though we don't welcome FRA, MMDR or MGNREGA but the CPI (Maoist) have not been demanding levy on MGNREGA work since beginning,\" he said.The dilemma of CPI (Maoists) is likely to increase even more when villagers living in 56 villages under Manoharpur block in Saranda forest and Sarju village in Latehar district are exposed to governance, first time since independence. To have a grip over the militia, the Maoists are compelled to adopt new strategy so that they can prevent the villagers from being attracted by the 'capitalist' approaches. \"Government is building roads, distributing transistors and bicycles and solar lamps. That day is not far when they would distribute televisions to the villagers and infuse cultural pollution so that they too are blinded by the pomp and show of capitalist society and forget about the revolution. But we have the larger responsibility of countering these tactics,\" said a Maoist leader of Saranda region.This is the final part of the 4-part series on Maoist insurgency on Jharkhand-Bihar border and how it affects those living in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093073", "title": "80 detained for shooting tea ad in wild ass sanctuary", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The forest department have detained 80 people who were shooting a television advertisement of a popular tea brand inside the Wild Ass Sanctuary in Surendranagar without required permission.Sources in the department said that the team had set up a makeshift petrol pump and a tyre repair shop inside the sanctuary.\"One needs to a written permission and needs to pay certain fees to put up any set in the sanctuary. But these people did not have any such permit,\" said AM Chaudhary, deputy conservator of forest, Surendranagar.The team had earlier come to seek permission for shooting within the forest earlier this week, but due to some technical reasons, their request was turned down.On Sunday, Chaudhary received a tip-off that the shooting was on. On reaching the spot, they found some labourers working on sets.Till late evening, the department was busy with the paperwork and is yet to formally arrest the suspects under the Wildlife Protection Act.Officials said they are also investigating where the entire crew had stayed and under which hotel they had applied for permit earlier. Sources said that after being denied permission, the entire crew had allegedly bribed some junior forest department officials to get access into the sanctuary.Those detained included some senior members of local advertisement agencies.However, no one from the main advertisement agency were detained.Chief wildlife warden and in-charge principal chief conservator of forest S Goyal said, \"Some people had illegally entered in the sanctuary and were preparing to shoot an advertisement film. We are investigating and will soon arrest all those including senior crew members, if they are found guilty. A complaint will be registered against all those who were caught from the sanctuary,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gadchiroli", "code": "17093537", "title": "No water at the end of the pipe", "text": "GADCHIROLI: The failure of most lift irrigation projects in Gadchiroli is a classic example of lack of planning and coordination among government departments, undoing efforts to pull the tribal district out of backwardness.The recent drought in the district has only highlighted the apathy of the district administration and zilla parishad regarding lift irrigation. Lakhs of rupees have gone down the drain, without any benefit to the tribal population. Many tribal peasants are compelled to hire costly pumps and pipes to water crops. Besides, they are also forced to cough up higher fuel prices and electricity bills to ensure the drought does not take away all their produce.Right to information (RTI) activist Chandrashekar Bharange said government records show most lift irrigation projects of the zilla parishad (ZP) as incomplete for various reasons. This is despite substantial budget each year for the projects.\"I asked for details of all projects by the ZP over ten years, from 2000. The department could only give me information till 2007. Have the other records not been maintained? Is nobody keeping tabs on how government funds are spent?\" said Bharange. He said that the RTI replies reveal that around 45 such lift irrigation projects under different schemes are lying useless today.A lift irrigation project worth Rs22.68 lakh was launched in 2001 to water 70 hectare in Maregaon village of Gadchiroli tehsil. The contractor has spent Rs18.67 lakh but the project has been stalled due to lack of electricity connection. In 2009, the project's status was shown as incomplete.The lift irrigation project at Wadegaon village in Kurkheda tehsil worth Rs15.70 lakh was started in 2000, but was not completed in a decade, despite Rs5.05 lakh expenditure. The defunct project was to irrigate 45 hectares. The department claims the design of the structure needed to be changed, so the ZP is waiting for a revised estimation. Bharange said, \"The money already spent is now almost lost.\"Bharange said his RTI query showed that the ZP had cleared two lift irrigation projects on a single day in April 2001 at Yerkad and Sawargaon in Dhanora, but none of them were functional in 2009. The project in Yerkad, worth Rs18.47 lakh, was to water 16 hectares but remained incomplete despite spending Rs13.07 lakh. The water pump was never installed at this site.ZP had sanctioned Rs15.56 lakh for the project at Sawargaon but it also was not completed, even after spending Rs12.89 lakh. The project remains incomplete due to lack of electricity connection, depriving 47 hectares of irrigation.The only exception to the dismal state of lift irrigation schemes seems to be the unit at Awalmadi in Aheri taluka, which is working.Gadchiroli collector Abhishek Krishna however said that four lift irrigation projects have been completed under the Integrated Action Plan (IAP) while work on four more will be completed soon.Krishna admitted the community approach concept behind lift irrigation did not take off to these problems. \"The objective was that people would adopt units in their villages. A village level committee would manage the project, and share electricity bill, maintenance etc. But this idea never took off in the district,\" he said.A senior official said paddy is the main crop here, which is seasonal, while sustaining costly lift irrigation will require round the year farming. \"The ZP did not undertake awareness campaign to explain the pros and cons of lift irrigation,\" said the official. He said sanctioning authorities also approved budgets, released money to contractors and then did not take interest in reviving the projects one they stalled for various reasons.It is also learnt that tube wells were distributed under special action plan in Sironcha tehsil a couple of years ago, but several of them are defunct.Katezari village fights over waterThe defunct lift irrigation project in Katezari village in Dhanora taluka is almost leading to a fight between two groups squabbling over sharing pond water. Some villagers are using the pond while the others are being refused access. This has led to an undercurrent of tension. \"The pond needs to be deepened and widened to generate adequate water for the entire village,\" said one villager.While the village is heading to a heated situation, the villagers have no clue about the condition of the pumps and other machines inside the room with its rolling shutter jammed due to non-use. \"Since last couple of years no official has come to inquire about the project here,\" said a villager who showed TOI around the place.Many dam projects pending on filesBesides lift irrigation, several dam projects proposed for the district too are facing some or the other hurdles. The net outcome has left the district without any dams for irrigation. A local social worker said the district administration has failed to give shape to many dam projects, which could have altered the fate of the local farmers.Sources claimed that Tultuli dam project in Kurkheda tehsil has been stalled due to legal issues with other departments like forest. Similarly, the dam at Karwafa too did not see the light of the day, along with others like Regdi, Chenna and Lendari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093218", "title": "Too many vehicles at Pune station cause inconvenience to passengers", "text": "PUNE: The area outside the Pune railway station remains congested all the time resulting in inconvenience and hardships for passengers. Lack of good infrastructure and coordination among various government departments have been cited as the main causes of this mess.Vehicles - autorickshaws, four-wheelers and two-wheelers - parked inside and outside the premises of the station stand out as the prime culprit. People need to find their way through these vehicles to reach the station. Encroachments by vendors add to the problem. Senior railway officials during annual inspection visits to the station acknowledge the problems and assure that the railways are working on a plan for \"improving the circulating area'' i.e. decongesting the premises.Autorickshaws form the bulk of vehicles. While there is a separate queue for them, one can find them everywhere. Railway officials say it is the job of the traffic police to take action against autorickshaw drivers who do not join the queue. Deputy commissioner of police (traffic) Vishwas Pandhre, however, argues that the premises outside the railway station is under the government railway police and not the city traffic police. He said the traffic police have given a plan to the railways for having an improved queue system for autorickshaws. \"It is for the railways to implement it,\" said Pandhare.Railways public relations officer Y K Singh said a third lane needs to be created outside the main entrance (Solapur end) of the station. He also suggested improvement in the condition of the road.Pandhre pointed out that the railways need to prevent entry of private vehicles after a certain limit. \"New parking lots have been opened by the Pune Municipal Corporation just outside the station. The railways should allow entry of vehicles in the station premises only if there is parking space for a limited number of vehicles. The railways get revenue by charging parking fees. But this is not their main source of income. The traffic problems need to be addressed,\" he said. Railway officials also agree that allowing a certain limited number of vehicles inside will help check the condition. The railways had earlier come up with a proposal for imposing premium or high parking charges for vehicles. However, it did not work out.Traffic officials say four traffic personnel have been deputed to manage traffic outside the station, but this manpowercannot be made available round the clock due to staff crunch. A pedestrian subway has been constructed for railway passengers to cross the road and reach the PMPML depot. Traffic officials suggest that another subway or an overbridge will give access to the second entrance (Solapur end entrance) of the station. The road median should not have space in between for the vehicles to take a u-turn, the officials said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17093985", "title": "Andhra firm boss, 2 others rescued from Sahebganj", "text": "RANCHI: Sahebganj police on Sunday rescued Challa Srinivasa Rao, the chief executive officer of an Andhra Pradesh-based firm and a senior Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader, along with two of his staff members and arrested seven persons, including a woman, from Taljhingri hills in the district, ending the three-day ordeal.At the time of rescue, police found the victims with their limbs tied and gagged. \"All the three are safe though they were taken to hospital for primary treatment before being handed over to family members. All of them were without food for the past three days,\" said a police officer.The arrested persons were Sunita alias Sushena Marandi, Arun Kumar Hembrom, Sushan Hembrom, Paltu Maraiya, Sannath Hembrom, Sunita alias Sushena Marandi, Harimohan Marandi and Shekhar Choure.Two country-made pistols, bullets and mobile phones were seized from them.Sahebganj police had sealed the district, 350km from here, forcing the kidnappers to seek refuse in the Taljhingri hills covered with dense forests. \"After we received a tip-off, our officers were asked to zero in on the hills. Around 30 armed policemen went atop the hills. Surrounded by armed policemen, the kidnappers surrendered,\" said Sahebganj SP A Vijya Laxmi. \"The kidnappers are local goons and we have not come across their links with Maoists.\"DSP city Shashi Bhushan, who led the operations, said, \"The kidnappers failed to make any ransom call fearing being traced by police and kept their mobile phones off.\" Police sources said the goons were tracking Rao, whose company CSR Infratech India Pvt Limited got Rs 127 crore contract last year to construct a two-lane express way from Sahebganj to Govindpur, for ransom. \"Rao's family has declined to have received any ransom call,\" said Bhushan. However, the abductors had demanded Rs 50 lakh as ransom, added a source.Rao, on an inspection visit to his under-construction road project, was abducted along with his chief accountant V L Narsingha and driver Suraj Bhagat, while leaving Borio after completing their inspection. \"Rao who was travelling on his SUV with two others was intercepted by a tractor in which five to six persons holding guns were also there. The armed kidnappers barged into Rao's SUV and tied their limbs. One of them drove the vehicle to Taljhingri forest,\" a police officer quoted Rao as saying.The TDP leader was not in a good health and did not talk to the press.Sahebganj police are raiding more places to arrest three more persons who are at large.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093238", "title": "Hazardous e-waste lies unattended", "text": "BHOPAL: Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has not been able to bring into force the e-Waste Management and Handling Rules 2011, even six months after they were implemented by the centre.This has resulted in the non-disposal of a huge chunk of waste that has got collected over the time. Interestingly, the e-waste management guidelines specify that the e-waste cannot be stored for more than 90 days, due to the radiation emitted from it.\"Around 4 metric tonne of e-waste has been collected here,\" said BMC officials. An estimated amount of 437 metric tons of e-waste is collected on a yearly basis from the state capital, officials said.\"We are facing some technical problems in the implementation of these rules,\" BMC additional commissioner Kishore Kanyal said, adding, \"The state so far does not have a proper recycler - an agency that can recycle the e-waste. The BMC and the state pollution board are negotiating with a few companies from outside the state to recycle the waste from Bhopal, the MoU for which is expected to be signed by month end.\" \"Due to this, even if we collect the e-waste, we are unable to recycle it,\" he added.The corporation, in May this year, had marked five centres for the purpose of collecting e-waste which includes the BMC ward offices in Bhanpura, Anand Nagar, Nehru Nagar, Bagmugaliya and Gandhi Nagar areas of Bhopal. Bhanpura is the main centre of e-waste collection. The e-waste collected so far is temporarily being dumped here, officials said.However, BMC officials claim that Bhopal Municipal Corporation is the first in the entire nation to promptly take action on the newly implemented rules of e-waste management in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17093312", "title": "34% turnout at pulse polio booths", "text": "KANPUR: Close to 2.20 lakh children under the age of five years were administered polio drops on the first day of this year's last pulse polio drive here on Sunday.The 2051 static and 112 transit polio booths organised in the city for the purpose recorded 34% turnout and the programme would now continue in form of a week-long door-to-door campaign till November 9.The target for the pulse polio drive was to cover the whole region and around eight lakh children under the age of 5 years.Dr Rajiv, immunization officer of the district informed that the turnout was low particularly in posh area and the interiors of the city.\"It has been a trend that the booth day doesn't witness even a 40% turnout. Reasons for this include people's assumption that their kid does not need to be administered the drops again if he or she has been immunized once. Many people also do not come to booths as they are aware that volunteers will come to their residence to administer the drops,\" Dr Rajiv added.The chief medical officer, Dr RP Yadav said special attention will be paid to the door-to-door campaign now as the booth day got a moderate response.He said since this is likely to be the last polio campaign for this year, he doesn't want that any child to be left out.As part of the door-to-door campaign, at least 200 houses will be covered daily by each polio team between November 05 to 09.To ensure the pulse polio drive's success in rural areas, the district administration has joined hands with various city-based NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093046", "title": "Buoyed by Saudi response, India seeks 4 more IM men", "text": "MUMBAI: With the deportation of three alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) operatives from Saudi Arabia, the Indian authorities have now approached the Saudi government with a fresh request for four more persons, suspected to be hiding there.Sources in the security establishment did not disclose the identity of the four IM suspects, citing security reason. However, they confirmed that one of the names is Fayyaz Kagzi, mentor of 26/11 terrorist Abu Jundal. Kagzi hails from Beed district in Maharashtra and has been on the radar of security agencies for the last couple of months.Indian intelligence agencies are coordinating with Al-Mabahith Al-Aammah, Saudi Arabia's internal intelligence agency. Kagzi is an accused in the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case. His name cropped up during the interrogation of two accused who were arrested last month for their alleged role in the August 1 serial bomb blasts in Pune. The two accused had told Delhi police's special cell that they went to meet Kagzi in Saudi Arabia in 2010 and he asked them to help him.In a list submitted to the UAE, the government has urged to deport Ubed Kola, an accused in Mumbai's 13/7 triple bomb blast case. Kola is suspected to have played a vital role in transferring hawala money from Dubai to India. \"After Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal was deported in June this year, we were happy with the positive response from the Saudi authorities. We managed to get two more IM suspects. Now, we have requested for four more persons. We hope to get them soon,\" said a source in the security establishment. Jundal is facing at least seven terror-related cases in India.While many terror suspects are increasingly hiding in Saudi Arabia, a major section of the Muslims is angry with their strategy of using the holy soil as a hideout. \"These suspects are visiting Gulf countries on the pretext of getting jobs or pretending to be pilgrims. The Saudi authorities should throw them out,\" said an official. Anti-social elements prefer hiding in Saudi as it is within Mecca limits and there is no chance of being caught by anyone other than the Saudi police. \"So the accused pretend to be pilgrims and try to take advantage of this rule,\" said a source. Sources said that since the month of Haj is over, lakhs of pilgrims will now visit Saudi for Umrah.Even the UAE has been deporting gangsters to India. Over the last nine years, the UAE has deported more than 23 gangsters to India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095351", "title": "Water goes waste as leaks remain unplugged here", "text": "HUBLI: Even as drinking water scarcity persists in many parts of Hubli-Dharwad cities, a large volume of water is lost to leakages every day.Despite many efforts of the authorities, water remains a precious commodity in twin cities. Residents, who get water once in two or three days, are struggling to meet the household water demands. But the officials of the Hubli-Dharwad water board seem to have not realized the gravity of the situation.Water is getting wasted due to the failure of the officials to plug water leakage in many areas like Butter market and Hosur Cross. The pipeline at the Butter market stands testimony to this. This pipe has been leaking for over a month, but the officials have done nothing to rectify it though residents and some shop owners have complained many times. \"We don't get enough drinking water, but the pipeline is leaking for over a month. The officials are least bothered,\" Mohan Tode, a shop owner of Butter market told TOI.According to a source in the water board, as per the central environment board guidelines, leakage standard is 15 per cent during the distribution, but in these cities, the leakage percentage is more than 25 per cent.The electric pole near the leaking pipe adds fuel to the fears of the residents. \"This electric pole poses a grave threat. The officials must act before the situation goes out of control,\" said Anant Sarvade, a resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093105", "title": "Nitish tries to keep BJP in good humour", "text": "PATNA: CM Nitish Kumar , who did not invite the BJP leaders at the Adhikar Rally at Gandhi Maidan on Sunday, tried to earn the goodwill of the alliance partner. While concluding his speech, Nitish expressed his sympathy to the state BJP for the loss of party veteran and former Gujarat governor Kailashpati Mishra, who died here on Saturday.Nitish recalled that Mishra was a cabinet colleague of Karpoori Thakur and the two played an important role in state politics and jointly struggled for the cause of Bihar. He also recalled the contributions of Mishra as finance minister of Bihar and said his death was a great loss to the BJP. \"I express my sympathy to the state BJP,\" he said and claimed he, too, had learnt a lot from Mishra during the JP-led movement.Mishra was instrumental in ensuring en masse resignation of opposition MLAs in Bihar during the JP movement, Nitish said.The Sunday rally, a JD-U programme, was the culmination of a campaign in Bihar for grant of special category status to the state. Nitish said his partymen had collected over 1.25 crore signatures in support of the campaign. The BJP will organize a \"Hunkar Rally\" on April 15 next and the JD-U will organize a rally at Ramlila ground in New Delhi in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094634", "title": "Chandrababu Naidu slams government for taking crisis lightly", "text": "HYDERABAD: TDP president and leader of the opposition in the state N Chandrababu Naidu on Sunday lambasted the government for its inaction even as the state was reeling under the impact of torrential downpours. Naidu slammed chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy for making a trip to Delhi instead of supervising relief operations.\"At a time when people are grappling with flood, the government has come to a grinding halt with the CM visiting Delhi to attend his party's rally while his cabinet ministers are making merry at a wedding party,\" Naidu said. Referring to the ministers who are attending the wedding of PCC president Botsa's daughter, Naidu termed their gesture as irresponsible.He said he has written to the CM urging him to take up relief operations on a war-footing and ask the Union government to release funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17092722", "title": "Cops discuss ways to curb chain-snatchings", "text": "To curb incidences of women and senior citizens being robbed of their gold chains and jewellery on streets, police officials from Thane, Nashik, Navi Mumbai and Pune held a meeting recently to discuss preventive strategies. The rise in chain-snatchings, mostly by bikers, revealed a well-oiled chain of organized gangs involving robbers, middlemen and receivers at the tail end, who dispose of the jewellery. Statistics in Thane show a downward trend with the number of snatching sliding from 509 in 2010 to 456 in 2011 and 450 up to September 2012. Deputy commissioner of police (crime) Pravin Pawar said detection in snatching cases has gone up to 50% this year, a jump of nearly 18% from 2010. \"We shared information on the modus operandi of gangs. Robbers do not believe in borders. They plan targets choosing locations with a large mix of population.As Thane, Navi Mumbai and Pune are seamless and easy to slip into without checks, robbers have been using this effectively,\" Pawar said. The Thane commissionerate has set up a cell of eight personnel to nail down offenders. In Thane, the police have also invoked MCOCA charges against 76 robbers involved in street crimes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093754", "title": "42-year-old held for rape bid on girl", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 42-year-old man was arrested for attempting to rape an 11-year-old girl inside his house on Sunday morning. The accused, identified as Ganesh, is a daily labourer.The girl's father, too, is a labourer, police said. The incident was reported from Timarpur area in north Delhi.Cops said the accused entered the girl's house after finding her alone and forced himself on her.The girl's shrieks alerted the neighbours to her plight. The locals got hold of the accused, who he was trying to run away. They thrashed the accused and handed him over to the police.The police arrested him after registering a case of attempt to rape under the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095263", "title": "Karnataka State Law University may use cloud computing to plug question paper leaks", "text": "HUBLI: To ensure transparency, prevent third party interference and leakage of question papers during examination, the Karnataka State Law University (KSLU), Hubli, is planning to upload question papers on cloud computing instead of physically sending question paper bundles to colleges.With frequent question paper leaks, postponing of examinations has become a norm. A case in point: the postponement of BA, BBM, BSc and BCom examinations for an indefinite period by the Tumkur University on Saturday.Presently, when the university receives the question papers from the examination board it sent to the press for printing bulk copies. The bundles of question papers are then dispatched to the colleges a day or two before the examination. Principals of the respective colleges open them on the morning of the exam to be distributed to the students.But in this process of setting the question papers by college staff, printing and transporting the question papers, there are several opportunities for leaking the question papers by the printing press staff, college staff or transporters. In many cases, it was found that printing press staff and transport staff leaked the question papers allegedly in collusion with college staff.To plug these leaks, KSLU has now decided to upload the question papers of all subjects on cloud computing 20 minutes before the exam. Colleges can then download the question paper, take a print out and make photocopies of it for distributing it to the students.J S Patil, vice-chancellor, KSLU, said: \"We will start uploading question papers online from the next academic year. Once it is implemented, students need not worry about question paper leakage and postponement of exams.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17094234", "title": "Peeing in public can now lead to 'musical' embarrassment", "text": "JAIPUR: If you're in Jhunjhunu and get a sudden urge to relieve yourself in public, you might suddenly find yourself confronted by whistle-blowers\u00e2\u20ac\u201dliterally. The Jhunjhunu zilla parishad has decided to rope in volunteers who will embarrass people caught urinating or defecating in the open by standing behind them and playing drums or blowing whistles.To add to their shame, the names of such people will be announced in the village through a public address system. The project has been launched in 34 village panchayats in the district with an aim to get rid of the practice of open defecation.Interestingly, this unique initiative comes on the heels of Union minister Jairam Ramesh advocating a \"no toilet, no bride\" mantra to push for increased hygiene and sanitation in rural areas. Officials said that the problem of people urinating at public places is rampant and the decision to dissuade them is part of the plan to raise awareness about sanitation.Jhunjhunu zilla parishad's chief executive officer Ramniwas Jat said, \"There are 288 gram panchayats in the district of which 30 have received the Nirmal Gram Puraskar as every house in these villages has a toilet.\"He said a proposal to include 34 gram panchayats under the project has been sent for approval. \"We are constructing public toilets at each of these gram panchayats and people will be encouraged to use them. We want to raise awareness against the practice of urinating in public, which gave birth to the idea of beating drums and blowing whistles,\" said the officer.\"The idea will be implemented in 34 panchayats initially and if results are positive, other areas will also be covered under the initiative,\" Jat added.Jhunjhunu district collector Joga Ram told TOI that a sanction for construction of about 10,000 toilets in BPL households has been given recently. Each toilet will cost around Rs 9,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093650", "title": "Uttar Pradesh staff to get raised DA from July '12", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday approved payment of additional dearness allowance to all state government employees with retrospective effect from July 1, 2012. Following Sunday's decision, employees of the state government, government- aided and technical education institutions, municipal corporations, and persons employed by the University Grants Commission will now be eligible to get 72 per cent DA, up from the existing 65 per cent.For arrears between July 1 and November 30, 2012, the state government will transfer the accrued amounts into the Government Provident Fund accounts of government employees. From December 1, 2012, the state government will arrange for cash payment of the increased DA.The government also said employees who have not availed the option for revised salaries with effect from January 1, 2006, or those whose salaries have not been revised will also be eligible to a payment of 151 per cent DA instead of the current rate of 139 per cent. The chief minister also, on Sunday, okayed a proposal to pay 7 per cent more DA to all pensioners with effect from July 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lahli", "code": "17092701", "title": "Vidarbha romp to victory over Haryana", "text": "LAHLI: They might have waited for nine years to play top teams but it didn't take Vidarbha long to record their first victory in the erstwhile 'elite' group, and also the first outright win by any team this season.Vidarbha took just two days and one-and-a-half sessions to beat last year's semifinalists Haryana by eight wickets in their Group 'B' match at Bansilal Stadium in Lahi on Sunday.Resuming at their overnight score of 103-3, Haryana managed 183 in their second essay, giving a 34-run target for Vidarbha. The visitors achieved it easily, losing the wickets of Aniruddha Chore and Shiv Sundar Das.A target of 150-plus would have given Vidarbha batsmen some anxious moments, considering that the conditions here in Lahli are perfect for pacers. The sun didn't come out on Sunday - much to the delight of Vidarbha pacers - and Haryana knew they had a tough task at hand.Overnight batsmen Abhimanyu Khod and Priyank Tehlan began cautiously against the duo of Umesh Yadav and Shreekant Wagh. After two overs from both Umesh and Wagh, skipper Sairaj Bahutule brought old warhorse Sandeep Singh into the attack.The move worked instantly as Sandeep removed Tehlan and Jayant Yadav in the space of three balls to leave Haryana tottering. Yadav got an unplayable delivery which pitched on middle stump and moved away to take the edge. It was a tremendous performance by the 31-year-old, who picked up eight wickets for only 48 runs in the match.Haryana skipper Amit Mishra started building partnerships with Khod and both looked comfortable till Sandeep's incoming delivery sent back the former back. Two overs later, Wagh too struck twice in four balls, sending back Chandrapal Saini and Kuldeep Hooda.After Khod's departure, the innings defeat looked certain for Haryana but some dogged batting by Amit Vashisht - who had a 36-run last-wicket stand with Mohit Sharma - forced Vidarbha to bat again.Vidarbha were surely looking for a bonus point and were cruising along nicely but Chandrapal Saini produced a beauty, which came in sharply and caught Chore right in front. The disappointment in the Vidarbha camp was evident as it knew the value of this bonus point.Vidarbha will now head to Vadodara for their second round tie against Baroda while Haryana will play a warm-up match against England in Ahmedabad from next Wednesday.SCOREBOARDHaryana (1st Innings): 55; Vidarbha (1st Innings): 205Haryana (2nd Innings, overnight 103-3): Abhimanyu Khod c Chore b Singh 28, Priyank Tehlan lbw b Singh 6, Jayant Yadav c Chore b Singh 0, Amit Mishra lbw b Singh 13, Chandrapal Saini c Badani b Wagh 0, Kuldeep Hooda c Singh b Wagh 0, Amit Vashisht not out 26, Mohit Sharma c Chore b Bahutule 14; Extras: (lb 4, nb 5, w 5) 14; Total: (all out, 79.4 overs) 183; Fall of wickets: 1-80, 2-88, 3-93, 4-106, 5-106, 6-123, 7-128, 8-128, 9-147; Bowling: Sandeep Singh 26-9-36-4 (1 nb), Umesh Yadav 22-2-66-2 (4 w), Shreekant Wagh 20-7-45-2 (1 w), Sairaj Bahutule 2.4-1-5-1, Faiz Fazal 9-2-27-1 (4 nb).Vidarbha (2nd Innings): Faiz Fazal not out 13, Aniruddha Chore lbw b C Saini 6, Shiv Sundar Das b C Saini 9, Shalabh Shrivasatava not out 8; Extras 0: Total: (2 wickets, 15 overs) 37; Fall of wickets: 1-16, 2-28; Bowling Mohit Sharma 5-1-15-0, Chandrapal Saini 7-3-11-2, Kuldeep Hooda 3-0-10-0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17099050", "title": "Lady Gaga seeks royal tips from Pippa Middleton", "text": "Lady Gaga has reportedly asked Duchess of Cambridge's sister, Pippa Middleton , for tips on how to act like a royal.The 26-year-old wants the socialite's advice on how to conduct herself with more grace, after reading her new book on party planning, 'Celebrate'.\"Gaga is obsessed with the royal family and especially with Pippa,\" Contactmusic quoted a source as telling the Daily Star newspaper.\"She was so desperate to get her hands on Pippa's 'Celebrate' book she had aides ship it to her via courier to Puerto Rico where she was performing earlier this week.\"She hopes it will help her throw better parties and teach her how to be more like a member of the royal family.The singer is also said to be keen to strike up a friendship with Pippa.\"By reading the book Gaga hopes it will give them something to talk about should they ever meet up,\" the source said.\"She would love to get pally with Pippa. She's been intrigued by her since the royal wedding,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095671", "title": "Latin lessons for state players soon?", "text": "KOLKATA: Young footballers in the state may soon get to learn Latino skills if sports minister Madan Mitra's dialogue with the ambassadors of South American countries take a final shape. According to the minister, a number of football associations from Latin America are willing to provide technical support to the budding footballers of the state.\"In mid-July, ambassadors of Uruguay, Paraguay, Chile, Peru , Brazil, El Salvador, Panama, Ecuador and Costa Rica came down to Writers' Buildings to meet chief minister Mamata Banerjee. In the meeting, the football academy was discussed at length,\" Mitra said. The state is willing to provide land for the academy, but the associations will have to buy the plot, he added.The idea got tailwind this weekend when ambassadors of Peru, Chile and Brazil came down to Kolkata to launch the Latino Fiesta in a city hotel. Apart from football, the delegation showed interest in strengthening business ties in a number of sectors, including IT, mining, food processing and agriculture.During their interaction with the Indian Chamber of Commerce on Saturday, the ambassadors had even said that they had already invited some of their industrialists to invest in Bengal.\"We are interested in exchanging cultural ties with Bengal. We will hold discussions with Mamata Banerjee in this regard soon,\" said Javier Paulinich, ambassador of Peru.Along with industry and football, the Latin Americans are also trying to boost tourism in their countries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093844", "title": "In HC, activists to raise question over validity of waiting charge", "text": "MUMBAI: During Monday's hearing of a PIL in the Bombay high court against the revised fare structure, commuter rights activists will question the validity of waiting charges in autos and taxis.Activists told TOI that there was no mention of waiting charges in the MMRTA-approved tariff cards. The agency has issued five sets of cards -two for taxis, one for cool cabs and two for autos-in the Mumbai metropolitan region. \"But none mentions the waiting time and how this charge should be computed,\" an activist said. It will be part of the affidavit to be filed in HC.TOI had first highlighted the problem surrounding waiting charges. RTO officials had then clarified that the waiting charge was \"legal\" and was being collected by drivers for the fuel spent when the vehicles were stuck at signals or in jams. For every minute's wait, the amount charged is equal to an auto or taxi's fare for 100 m. This means, the amount for an auto is Re 1 per minute and for a taxi, Rs 1.20.But activists are not ready to listen to the RTO's verdict, pointing at the fact that no tariff card mentions it. \"It is an elaborate card. The MMRTA has printed a paragraph on how the final fares should be calculated. It has explained that the final fare should be equivalent to the distance travelled multiplied by Rs 9.37 for autos and by Rs 12.35 in case of taxis. There is, however, no mention of waiting time,\" another activist said. He added the cards mentioned the extra 25% to be paid post midnight till 5am. \"There is also a line on the luggage charge, but there is not a single word on waiting charge. We demand that commuters should not pay it if the MMRTA is not transparent on the matter,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094614", "title": "BJP wants Kishan to remain its Andhra Pradesh head", "text": "HYDERABAD: At the time when the central Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leadership is experiencing turbulence what with its national president caught in a corruption row, its state unit is pondering a change of guard as incumbent G Kishan Reddy's three-year term is coming to an end next month. While the party high command is reportedly in favour of extending a second term to Kishan Reddy as its state president, the man in question has made the option difficult by choosing to stay away from the race.\"I have made it clear with the party leadership that I should be relieved (of the state presidency) as I want to focus on the developmental of my constituency. I think it is time an opportunity was given to a fresh face; we will support the new president to lead the party in Andhra Pradesh at the upcoming Parliamentary and assembly polls,\" said Kishan Reddy, who represents the Himayathnagar seat in the assembly.As the state BJP has to appoint its new president before December 20, prior to the election of its new national president slated to be held December-end, a few names, including that of K Lakshman, Ch Vidyasagar Rao, Bandaru Dattatreya and Indrasena Reddy, are doing the rounds. While Lakshman is the party's national secretary, the rest are seasoned leaders who have all served as state presidents before.But the party brass is understood to be pinning hopes on Kishan Reddy considering his record of having pushed to the forefront the party which was once considered an underdog in AP politics. Defeating the Telangana Rashtra Samithi (TRS) in the Parkal bypoll was a feather in Kishan Reddy's cap. Apart from taking out the Telangana Poru Yatra early this year, he also undertook a three-day hunger strike at New Delhi's Jantar Mantar in September on the separate statehood demand for Telangana.\"We can understand Kishan Reddy's concerns, but the need of the hour is for him to shoulder the responsibility. We hope we can convince him to agree to a second term; otherwise, there are always alternative plans,\" said a senior BJP leader.While gearing up for the elections, the state unit of BJP is planning a padaytara come January along the lines of the walkathons presently being carried out by Telugu Desam Party (TDP) chief N Chandrababu Naidu and YSR Congress leader YS Sharmila. And the party's national leadership is looking upon Kishan Reddy to lead the yatra. While the modalities for the programme would be discussed at a two-day meeting of party leaders in the southern states starting November 9, sources said there would separate plans for the Telangana and Seemandhra regions.When contacted, Lakshman told TOI that it was up to the party high command to decide as to who should be the state president, adding that he was ready to accept any responsibility handed to him by the party although he was not in the race for BJP's state presidency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17095192", "title": "Now, bedtime stories for dogs to keep them calm &amp; relaxed", "text": "LONDON: British scientists claim to have developed the world's first bedtime story for dogs.The free audio book 'Teddy and Stanley's Tall Tale' includes soothing syllables designed to lower stress in canines.You can calm your canine companion on the most stressful night of the year with a soothing dog's tale.Laura Quinn, working with pet behaviourist Karen Wild, spent years analysing speech patterns so they could write a story perfect to calm and relax dogs upset by fireworks.\"Dogs understand certain sounds as calming,\" the Sun quoted Wild, who created the story as saying.The book tells the heartwarming story of a towering dog called Stanley and his smaller friend Teddy . Dogs can hear the audio book read by actor Simon Callow on YouTube , or their owners can download a version to read to their pets themselves.It is designed to be played to dogs on and before Bonfire Night to minimize the stress caused by fireworks displays.The bedtime story for dogs uses proven animal psychology tips and tricks, communicative signals, bioacoustics and years of research into dog behaviour to create a pawsitively soothing atmosphere for spooked dogs.Dog owners who choose to read the story to dogs themselves are advised to pretend they are \"talking to a two-year-old child, as if the child is rather shy\" .The audiobook is most effective when played for man's best friend numerous times.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17094316", "title": "Business bodies fly into a rage over Air India decision", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Various industry bodies have resented Air India's withdrawal of flights from Bhubaneswar to Chennai and Kolkata, stating that the abrupt move will adversely impact business.\"The decision will hamper not only tourism, but also the prospect of other industries in the state,\" said J K Mohanty, chairman of Hotel and Restaurant Association of Odisha (HRAO).Around a dozen conferences are scheduled to be held in the capital city between November 2012 and January 2013. All these meetings, mostly medical seminars, will be instantly hit. Delegates from Chennai, Hyderabad and Kolkata, who were supposed to arrive in Bhubaneswar in Air India flights will not be able to make it to the city. This will affect business of around Rs 150 crore, Mohanty said.The HRAO has sent a memorandum to the Union civil aviation minister, asking it to restore the two flights and flights to Bangalore, Raipur , Varanasi and Hyderabad from Odisha, which AI had stopped earlier.Tour operators also anticipate large-scale cancellation of bookings within the next few days. \"The AI's decision comes just when the peak tourism season starts. The withdrawals will send wrong message to the aviation sector and to the travellers,\" said Benjamin Simon, president of Travel Agents Association of Odisha (TAAO).Simon said Air India's decision was surprising as passenger movement from Bhubaneswar airport is increasing steadily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094586", "title": "Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan backs schools that are not RTE-compliant", "text": "KOCHI: The private schools in the state which don't meet the infrastructure requirements as prescribed in the Right to Education (RTE) Act have a reason to smile. The sixteenth joint mission of the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan, in its latest report, has suggested that instead of closing down private schools that are not RTE-compliant, the state governments should ensure that quality standards are met both by private as well as government schools. This gains significance for Kerala as the state has more private schools than government schools.\"Shutting down schools that don't meet the required norms and standards will place an additional burden on SSA funds at a time when the overall demand for primary education is still greater than supply. If private schools are shut down, the government schools would not be able to cope with the numbers as private schools cater to more than 30% of children and a 50% closure rate will put 15% of student population out of school,\" the report says.This observation was made after states like Andhra Pradesh informed the mission that they have closed down 130 private schools that are not RTE-compliant. \"The mission emphasizes that quality standards need to be met both by private as well as government schools. It, therefore, doesn't seem a very good idea to penalize private schools by closing them, thereby denying education to the deprived sections in that area,\" the report notes.The private schools outnumber government schools in Kerala. The government has converted them into grant-in-aid schools, paying for teacher salaries and training and students in these schools do not pay fees. However, SSA support is not available to these private schools due to which the viability of these schools is threatened.As per statistics, the number of government schools is declining in the state. In 2010-2011, the percentage of government share of total schools was 38, while in 2009-2010, it was 41%. In Kerala, there are 3,438 government schools -- 899 upper primary and 2,539 lower primary. In contrast, there are almost 27 lakh students studying in the 5,848 aided schools of which 1,870 are upper primary and 3,978, lower primary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098171", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan feels lonely at the top", "text": "He is one of India's biggest superstars but Bollywood actor Shahrukh Khan says it is lonely at the top and he is constantly fighting with the \"feeling of emptiness\".\"There is something wrong in me. I sense it. I feel it but I don't know what it is,\" Shahrukh said during the ThinkFest conclave, an annual event, in Goa.\"I have a beautiful family. I have a few friends with whom I spend lot of time. I don't want to die like my father. I don't want to be unknown. I would like to be just successful. Believe me it is lonely at the top.\"Shahrukh, who turned 47 recently, is in the process of giving final touches to his autobiography.\"Somehow there is this feeling of emptiness. I have this restlessness, strangeness, which I fill up with my acting.\"The actor, who lost his father at the age of 15, recalled how his family was always short of money in his childhood.\"Once, my father took me to show a cinema in Delhi. He did not have enough money. We sat near Kamani auditorium and he told me that it is wonderful to see the vehicles passing.\"When I want to take my son out for a movie I should be able to show him the movie and not the cars ,\" Shahrukh said.He has been ruling the film industry since his successful debut with 1992 film ' Deewana' but Shahrukh says he always had a fear of failure that his father went through.\"I think my father was most successful failure in the world and I am proud of him,\" the actor said, adding that his father was a \"handsome pathan\".Shahrukh also got nostalgic about the moment when his father died and his body was brought home.\"My sister just collapsed and for the next two years she did not recover from the shock. She didn't cry but she could not face the reality of our father's death,\" he said.\"A lot of things which are Bollywood-like or flamboyant in me are actually to cover up my emotions. I don't have guts to be so simple. To avoid depression I act.\"Shahrukh said that 90 per cent of the things which he depicts in the films are experiences of his life.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095607", "title": "Students' interaction programme at ITA Machkhowa", "text": "GUWAHATI: A students' interaction programme was held at ITA Machkhowa here recently where students undergoing training under the North Eastern Council (NEC)-sponsored employment oriented training programme interacted with U K Sangma, secretary of the NEC and Sherry Lalthangzo, director (HRD) of NEC.More than 1,000 students from the northeastern region are undergoing vocational training in various disciplines like information technology, BPO, retail, hospitality, hair and beauty care and UPSC coaching in various empanelled institutions namely NEITCO, Jettwings, Sling Shot Solutions and Third Eye Education.In his address to the students, Sangma, the chief guest of the event, emphasized on the need of such training programs in the changing economic scenario. He handed over certificates of appreciation and training kits to the students. The students of hospitality put up a colourful and informative travel desk showcasing the rich tourism potential of North East India.Directors Arijit Bhattacharjee (NEITCO), Sanjay Aditya Singh (Jettwings), Karthikeyan M (Sling Shot Solutions) and Anuj Kumar Paliwal (Third Eye Education) also spoke on the occasion and reiterated their commitment to impart world class training to all the students.Later, a cultural program was organized where students showcased the dance and culture of their respective states. The North East Symphony Beats, a popular band also performed in the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094227", "title": "Home guard staff want elaborate raising day parade", "text": "PANAJI: Home guard and civil defence staff are upset with the decision of DySP home guard N C Raikar who proposed keeping the home guard and civil defence raising day parade function on November 6 simple.Speaking to TOI some home guard personnel said it would be better to cancel the function than keep it simple.There are around 600 home guards serving in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17094209", "title": "Damodar Valley Corporation unit in Koderma starts power generation", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Electricity generation at the Damodar Valley Corporation's Koderma thermal power station at Banjhedih started on Sunday, 28 months behind schedule because of frequent protests by local people.DVC officials said the construction of the (500x2) 1,000 MW plant started on March 1, 2008 after the then Union power minister, Sushil Kumar Shinde , laid its foundation stone. The plant was supposed to be commissioned by June 2010. The work could not be completed in the scheduled time owing to prolonged labour crisis.However, thanks to the efforts of the present DVC chairman and the chief engineer BP Mandal, at last the first unit of the plant has started generation. The power generated at the plant will be distributed on trial basis to the Biharshariff grid and the DVC grid.The company's chief engineer said the plant actually became operational at 7.15pm on Satruday. \"The plant will start commercial operation next month when the distribution will be made through the national grid for meeting the growing requirement of the power for the industrial growth of the nation,\" said Mandal.Although the trial run of the first unit was successfully made twice before, full-fledged distribution of the power has started initially by generating 100 MW of the 500 MW. \"Once the commercial operation starts next month, entire 500 MW will be distributed,\" he added. The construction of second unit (500 MW) is nearing completion and the unit will also be commissioned soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093081", "title": "From detection, cops now focus on crime prevention", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city police are organizing a special training session for its officers for intelligence gathering. The first phase was completed on Saturday with 600 sub-inspectors (SIs), 91 inspectors, 17 deputy superintendents of police (DSPs) and 12 deputy commissioners of police (DCPs) being trained.Main subject of the training was gathering of information and intelligence. The thrust was on information gathering and its analysis, for it is believed that the information received is not scrutinized in depth. The recent example of Karanj riots was cited in the training that how such incidents are forgotten and information gathered by surveillance units prior to such incident is not properly analyzed and worked upon. Or how there was a lapse in surveillance activity and how it should be strengthened.In the city, the surveillance squad in each of the police stations is kept engaged in detection of crime. This squad is entrusted with the task of solving undetected crimes. Surveillance gets affected in this manner, said a police official.In the training sessions, these cops are trained in gathering intelligence on naxalism and terrorism. Majority of officers are not much aware about how sleeper cells of a terrorist outfit operate, and the trainers demonstrated how a banned organization like Indian Mujahideen recruits people and uses its sleeper cells.Joint commissioner of police A K Sharma, who has organized this training, said, \"Normally local police's surveillance is limited to detection of crime and not for its prevention. This training is held with a view to develop use of surveillance in prevention of crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096573", "title": "Ranbir keeps Karan Johar waiting", "text": "While SRK has given a go ahead to the filmmaker's next, the younger actor is in two minds over playing a second fiddle to KhanIn a recent interview, Karan Johar claimed that after mentoring three youngsters in Student Of The Year , he would like to get back to his 'comfort space' of working with big stars. And for his next directorial, a period love story based on his late father's idea he has indeed gone back to his comfort zone.TOI has learnt that Karan has asked his friend Shah Rukh Khan to head the cast. And that's not all, if insiders are to be believed, the filmmaker has planned this project to be a multistarrer much like Kabhi Khushi Kabhie Gham . And it is the second male lead that is a point of bother for Karan at the moment.According to a source close to the film, Karan has asked Ranbir Kapoor to join the cast. \"Ranbir hasn't said 'No' but has not given his approval either,\" said the source. Apparently, Ranbir, who has only worked in single hero projects thus far, after the success of Rockstar and Barfi! , is in two minds about being a part of a multi-hero film.\"He is taking time to decide. At this point in his career, he prefers working in films that have him in the main lead. Though his role in Karan's project is very meaty, one cannot discount the fact that Shah Rukh's presence may overshadow Ranbir's ,\" the source added.Karan, meanwhile is pinning his hopes on Ranbir and the good rapport they share. According to industry insiders, the actor, having worked with Dharma Productions in Wake Up Sid (October 2009) and Yeh Jawaani Hai Diwani (shoot in progress), may eventually decide to work in a multi-hero film.Despite repeated attempts, Karan refrained from commenting on the story. However, it is learnt that the filmmaker who plans to take his next project on floors by November next year will fly out of the country next month to finish the script of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17094058", "title": "Man kills wife &amp; kids", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: A 42-year-old man hacked to death his wife, two children and a neighbour at a village in West Singhbhum district on Saturday, suspecting her of having an affair with a local boy.Iliyas Gope, the resident of Jono village in Sonua police station area, attacked his wife, Devki Gope (35) and two children, daughter Chando (10) and son Fhote (2) with a sharp-edged axe and killed them on the spot. Neighbour Sushanti Champia, who rushed to rescue the children, was also attacked grievously. She was rushed to the local government hospital but succumbed to injuries on the way.Gope also attacked two of his neighbours, 37-year-old Kumari Champia and 12-year-old Jebib Champia, when they attempted to rescue the minors. They are undergoing treatment in the village.Although the incident occurred on Saturday, police reached the village, about 40km from the police station, on Sunday.\"After the incident, the accused surrendered before the local CRPF camp office. An FIR is lodged and inquiry into the matter is on,\" said West Singhbhum police superintendent Pankaj Kamboj on Sunday.Confessing the crime before police, Gope said \"I killed my wife because she was having an affair with a village boy. On killing my wife, I realized there's no one to take care of my children so I also killed them.\" Police are verifying his statement. The bodies have been sent to the Chaibasa government hospital for postmortem, said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17099637", "title": "Diwali dessert: Chocolate dry fruit barfi", "text": "What is Diwali without a spread of delicious sweets and how can the wonderful festival be complete without the good old barfi?This year, we've combined the gooeyness of chocolate and crunchiness of dry fruits to give an extraordinary taste to the otherwise humble sweet, thus calling it 'chocolate dry fruit barfi'!Here's how you can prepare it at home...Ingredients Pure ghee - 50 gms Fresh bread crumbs - 100 gms Khoya - 300 gms Coconut powder - 30 gms Chocolate slab grated - 100 gms Fresh pineapple chopped - 100gms Almond roasted - 50 gms Cashew nut roasted - 50 gms Walnuts - 50 gms Dry figs - 50 gms Castor sugar - 150 gms Rose water - 1 tbsp Kewda water - 1 tsp Black cardamom powder - 1 tspMethod Mix all ingredients together and arrange in a tray. Bake it in pre-heated oven for 25 minutes, and allow it to cool and cut in required size. Garnish it with pistachios.(Recipe courtesy: Chef Nirmal Monteiro, Saffron Bay, Mumbai)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thanjavur", "code": "17093240", "title": "Couple die in building collapse, disabled son escapes", "text": "THANJAVUR: A man and his wife were killed as a two-storey building collapsed in Ayyampettai in Thanjavur district here on Sunday. However, their son escaped with minor injuries.The victims, Rengarajan, 55 and his wife Malar, 50 from Ayyampettai were staying with their differently-abled son, Manikandan, 24, on the ground floor of the building, as tenants. The first floor was rented out for a cable TV operator whereas the second floor was vacant. The building collapsed at 11.30am on Sunday when the couple and their son were at home. The entire building was razed to the ground after the second floor collapsed. In the impact, Malar was killed on the spot. Fortunately, their son Manikandan escaped with minor injuries and was later admitted to the Thanjavur medical college hospital.On information, fire and rescue services personnel and the police rushed to the spot. The rescue operation lasted for nearly three hours. Since the building was completely destroyed, there was a delay to locate Rangarajan. Eventually, Rangarajan was found dead beneath the debris. The dead bodies of both the husband and wife were recovered and sent to post-mortem.Police told TOI that the building owner living abroad. The house owner had already informed them to vacate the house as the second floor of the building was in a dilapidated condition. The building was further damaged following the continuous rains during the last week. Police have registered case under Section 174 of the CrPc and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17094205", "title": "Tech that: Young minds find innovative ways to help society", "text": "BOKARO: How about a fire-fighting robot that is cheaper to make? Or electricity generated from cow's urine? These are not innovations described by some renowned science journals, but imagined by a band of young scientists, who in their bid to help the society, tweaked conventional methods to form pocket-friendly gadgets.Students of Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Bihar and Jharkhand , showcased their exhibits at a science fair held on the campus of Saraswati Vidya Mandir here on Sunday. Of the many models based on various scientific theories, two exhibits got much applause. Brij Narayan, a Class XI student of Saraswati Vidya Mandir, Bokaro, showed how cheap electricity can be obtained from cow urine. This, he said, was made keeping in mind the depleting fuel resources all over the world and growing power crisis in the country, especially in rural areas. \"Cow urine contains electrolytes, which can play important role in power generation,\" Narayan said. The exhibit by Sharad Suman from Arria in Bihar was also appreciated. The Class IX student made a robot using waste materials.There were cultural program also organized in the school on the occasion, said Jitender Tiwary, a teacher of Saraswati Vidya Mandir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094924", "title": "A sparkling time for children", "text": "Around 150 children dressed in their Sunday best turned up for the Lilliputians Show at Cherubs the Preschool in Dugri Phase II. The immaculately turned out little ones put their best foot forward at the event, much to the delight of parents and teachers.The clear, sunny November morning was rendered even more cheerful with the children buzzing around playing indoor and outdoor games and having a blast. The sight of mothers walking the ramp with their children was heartwarming. Cherubs Preschool principal Ruchika Arora said the children received prizes in categories like Twinkling Teeth Cherub, Smiley Cherub, Active Cherub, Happy Cherub, Charming Cherub, Friendly Cherub, Dashing Cherub, Mother-Baby Cherub and even for Angry Cherub.Charming baby girls had the Cherubina prize to look forward to while the Cherub Shah prize was for the brightest little boy. Prize winners were divided into three categories; six months to one year, one year to two years and two to three years.Samita Munjal of the Hero Eco Group, who was the chief guest, urged parents to make sure children received a solid foundation. \"They should be individuals with a big heart, capable of loving and giving. Our children should make the world shine,\" she said.The event, which began in the morning with a ramp show, concluded with a prize distribution function. The panel of judges included Dr G Kaur Thind and Dr Vinu Kumar. A team of doctors from Deep Hospital, Ludhiana conducted health check ups for participants.According to Dr G Kaur Thind, \"Our association with the baby show is for a very simple reason - May each child always have a beautiful, sparkling smile. Mission Smile is almost the mission of my life. Our objective is to ensure that all have happy, healthy teeth.\"Outdoor and indoor play areas were created for children, where they were observed by judges and school faculty members. In the outdoor play area, swings, slides, see-saw, cycles and a bouncy were put up for the children. In the indoor play area, balloons, soft toys and games were provided. The baby show also featured an interactive session with parents on the essentials of child care. Certificates were given to each participant. Winners were given trophies and medals were given as special prizes in various categories. Winners included Shanaya (Cherubina), Diven (Cherub), Ahana and Krishiv (runners-up), Abhimanyu (Dashing Cherub), Udish (Best Dressed Cherub), Irit and Ariana (Charming Twins), Daisha (Naughty Cherub) and Vivaan (Active Cherub).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17093371", "title": "Stress on medicines without side effects", "text": "VARANASI: BHU vice-chancellor Lalji Singh delievered a lecture on 'Genetic diversity in Indian population' during the closing ceremony of 46th national conference of Indian College of Allergy, Asthma and Applied Immunology (ICAAICON-2012) organised by Institute of Medical Science, (IMS), BHU, at KN Udupa auditorium on Sunday. Singh laid emphasis on researches in medical sciences which can produce medicines of chronic diseases without side effects.Meanwhile, an informative session on asthma was also held. RN Vajpayee said that deteriorating environmental conditions, pollution, smoke and dust have stimulated the problem of allergy in the city, which cannot be cured but controlled. Young scientists Preeti S Chauhan and Subhashini, who have carried out research chemical 'curcumin' found in turmeric which can be used to cure and control certain diseases, presented their research papers. Respiratory allergy, significance of smaller airways in bronchial asthma, role of multi-detector CT scanner in autoimmune and allergic pulmonary pathologies were also discussed.Inauguration: BHU, vice chancellor, Dr Lalji Singh inaugurated the Annexe building of Ruiya Medical hostel in the varsity premises on Sunday, The building has been constructed with a fund of Rs 5.5 crore and has 116 rooms for students. A Lecture Theatre Complex for Institute of Medical Sciences (IMS), BHU was also inaugurated in the BHU premises on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093061", "title": "Ex-Sohrabuddin aide Azam attempts to revive extortion gang in Udaipur", "text": "JAIPUR: A former witness in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case - Mohammed Azam Khan - is allegedly making calls to several Udaipur-based businessmen from Mumbai and demanding extortion money.An FIR lodged by an industrialist last week have brought to fore Azam's efforts to revive the extortion racket in Udaipur which had been shattered with Sheikh's alleged fake encounter by the Gujarat and Rajasthan police in 2005.Azam, who was an aide of Sohrabuddin Sheikh and helped him establish an extortion gang in Udaipur, allegedly made a call to Shanti Lal Jain who runs AMW Factory in Udaipur's Madari Industrial Area.\"The call had been made on October 16. The caller identifying himself as Azam Khan threatened Jain to face dire consequences if he did not pay Rs 1 crore extortion money,\" said a police officer.The businessman did not report the matter to the police for almost a week. Then he reluctantly lodged the FIR on October 28. The police investigated the matter in hushed-up manner. It came up that Azam had made calls to Jain through various land line numbers in Mumbai. The cops believe he is hiding in Mumbai and running an extortion racket from there. A police team has been rushed to Mumbai for further investigation. The police also provided protection to Jain family.What has actually put the police on toes is the fact that several businessmen are believed to have received similar calls from Azam, but nobody except Jain came forward and lodged complaint.ASP, Udaipur, Tej Pratap Singh told TOI, \"We suspect that there could be more extortion calls. Azam had been involved in extortion calls in the past too. FIRs regarding this are registered with Udaipur and Rajsamand police,\" said the officer.Azam had allegedly stage managed a shootout on himself in Sep, 2010. He had claimed that he was shot at by two unidentified persons on Udaisagar road in Udaipur. A few days after this fake shootout, he had turned hostile in Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case by submitted an affidavit before the special CBI court in Ahmedabad. In the affidavit, he claimed he was coerced by CBI sleuths to give a statement.Soharbuddin was allegedly involved in attempting to extort money from some prominent Udaipur-based marble traders which led to his encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "sivaganga", "code": "17093234", "title": "Eight more held in SI murder case", "text": "Sivaganga: Police have arrested eight more people for the murder of a sub-inspector in Sivaganga district.So far, 13 people have been held for the murder of sub-inspector Alwin Sudhan, 25, a native of Tisayanvilai. Sudhan was stabbed by a gang heading to Kalayarkovil to participate in the Maruthupandiar Guru Pooja celebration on October 27. While the shocked police personnel at the spot were rushing Sudhan to hospital, the assailants fled. Police immediately formed teams and identified the culprits. Sivaganga SP M Panneerselvam had said all the assailants were identified by police. Prime accused was Prabhu, a known offender.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094537", "title": "Water connection sans Occupancy Certificate to cost a bomb", "text": "HYDERABAD: Henceforth, property owners who want new water connections, but do not have an Occupancy Certificate (OC) for their buildings, will have to pay three times to the normal tariff every month till they produce the necessary certificate. Also, the applicant has to give an affidavit promising to pay the charges.The Water Board brought in this new condition from November 1 in view of the pending applications for the past one year. With this, around 3,000 applications for new water connections, which have been pending with Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply &amp; Sewerage Board HMWS&SB;'s 'single window cell' (SWC), would be cleared.The Water Board has started implementing new rules issued on the basis of GO Ms No.168 issued by the municipal administration and urban development (MA&UD;) department in April, 2012. According to the GO, \"functional/line agencies dealing with electric power, water supply, drainage and sewerage shall not give regular connections to buildings unless Occupancy Certificate is produced, or alternatively may charge three times the tariff till such time Occupancy Certificate is produced. This condition shall also be applicable to all unauthorised construction sand buildings constructed without sanctioned building plan.\"\"The Water Board has now started sending letters to applicants who have already applied for new water connections regarding the new condition. In the letter, we stated that in the absence of non-production of OC, the water tariff will be three times the normal tariff,\" HMWS&SB; SWC general manager M L Prasanna Kumar told TOI. Along with the letter, a proforma of affidavit was also being sent. The applicants could submit the affidavits at the Water Board's office in Khairatabad along with photo copies of the receipt of the deposited connection charges to get new water connection during working days, he said. However, the threefold tariff paid by property owners would not be refunded.\"Based on documents submitted by the applicant, we will release the connection within a week or 10 days,\" the official replied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093232", "title": "One held, leopard cub rescued", "text": "BHOPAL: A week-old leopard cub was rescued from a bootlegger at Tanda village in Dhar district on Sunday. The accused was arrested on charges of violating the Wildlife Act.According to the forest officials, the cub was rescued from its illegal detainer identified as Rumal alias Eda (35), resident of Ambedkar Nagar. His house, sources said, is located close to the local police chawki. Rumal had been booked on charges of bootlegging several times, and has other criminal records also, said sources.The cub is being transported to Indore under supervision of veterinary experts.\"We are shifting the cub to Kamla Nehru zoo, Indore\" said a forest officer adding that it was a major achievement. Action was taken on the basis of specific intelligence inputs, he said adding the accused is being interrogated for more details.Possibility of his involvement in trafficking wild animals cannot be ruled out, said another officer. Tiger task force in-charge Man Singh Jain left for Dhar with his team for further interrogation.The accused however claims that his wife had found the cub from near his farm, located close to forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17093029", "title": "Bagan ride on Odafa treble; Baichung sees red", "text": "KOLKATA: With Okolie Odafa in fine touch and the rival defence lacking co-ordination, the result was almost a foregone conclusion. The Nigerian scored a hat-trick as Mohun Bagan thrashed a hapless Sporting Clube de Goa 3-1 in their fourth-round I-League encounter at Salt Lake Stadium on Sunday. The green and maroons now have six points courtesy two consecutive wins.Odafa was always a threat and Mohun Bagan went into the break with a 2-0 cushion - both goals coming from set-pieces. After the changeover, the former Churchill Brothers marksman brought up his first hat-trick of this I-League five. Controlling a nice prod from Syed Rahim Nabi inside the box, Odafa took Joyner Lourenco in his stride and toe-poked the ball in with his right foot. Clube found a consolation goal in added time when Joseph Pereira's shot, off a rebound, crossed the goalline before Eche Anyichie 'cleared' it.Bhutia's 'debut' forgettableIn Gangtok, Baichung Bhutia's I-League 'debut' for his own club, USFC, turned out to be a forgettable one. The former India captain was sent off for a second booking within six minutes of his coming on as a second-half substitute in their I-League match against Arrows that ended goalless at the Paljor Stadium on Sunday. Moments after Baichung took the field in the 78th minute, he made wild challenge on Deepak Devrani and was promptly booked by the referee. Playing a competitive match after a long time, Baichung hardly looked the part and made another silly mistake in the 84th minute.Air India find winning touchIn New Delhi, Air India notched up their first victory in this season's I-League when they overcame ONGC 4-2 at the Ambedkar Stadium here on Sunday.After the match began 45 minutes late because of a political rally in the Capital, Air India did not waste much time and surged to a two-goal lead within first 15 minutes. M Pradeep found the net on both the occasions, the first from a free-kick that was misread by ONGC goalkeeper B. Narzary, and the second from a long-ranger after a solo run from the midfield. Prakash Thorat made it 3-0 on the stroke of half-time and it seemed all was lost for ONGC.It was not to be. ONGC dug deep into their resources and pulled back two goals to light up the contest. Substitute Kailash Patil's cross was deftly volleyed home by substitute C. Kulistan and two minutes on Sachin Gawas was alert to fire the ball home after Air India goalkeeper Jagroop Singh's weak parry.As ONGC, who has made the Capital their home for the time being, kept pushing forward in search of the equaliser, another goalkeeping error helped Air India enhance their lead. Vijith Shetty's cross was tucked in by substitute Ong Lepcha after the balls lipped off Jagroop's grasp.SUNDAY'S RESULTSIn Kolkata: Mohun Bagan 3 (Okolie Odafa 15th, 42nd, 55th) bt Sporting Clube 1 (Joseph Pereira 90+1)In New Delhi: Air India 4 (M. Pradeep 3rd,15th; Prakash Thorat 43rd; Lepcha 87th) bt ONGC 2 (Kenistan 72nd; Sachin Gawas 73rd)In Gangtok: USFC 0 drew Arrows 0In Shillong: Shillong Lajong 3 (Friday 22, 42, Boithang 70) bt United SC 2 (Ranty Martins 4, 28)In Pune: Churchill Brothers 1 (Beto 90+2) bt Pune FC 0.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17098559", "title": "Pramod Joshua wins Gulf Dirt Track national championship", "text": "NASHIK: Bangalore's Pramod Joshua has become the national champion in the 2012 edition of the Gulf Dirt Track national two-wheeler championship held at the Chhatrapati Shivaji stadium.Joshua earned 170 points in both 250 cc foreign motorcycle and Indian expert class race which concluded here last evening.Harith Noh captured the second position while R Natraj stood third.VS Naresh, riding on his 135 RX Yamaha, stood first in private expert class race while Bhopal's Sayyad Asif Ali and Sohail Ahmed captured second and third positions, respectively, in the same class.The event was organised by Gulf Oil Corporation of India, Mumbai's Sports Craft of India, Federation of Motor Sports and Clubs of India (FMSCI) and Nashik Sports Automobile Association.The first, second and third rounds were held at Mangalore, Aurangabad and Jodhpur while the fourth and fifth (final) rounds were organised in Nashik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17096885", "title": "Large number of fake job cards in UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Claiming there are about 35 lakh fake job cards in Uttar Pradesh, National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme cell of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee (UPCC) has decided to start a campaign to identify these fake-job card holders. The grassroots-level workers of the cell have been given the list of all those households which have different card numbers but same name of household head in a particular panchayat.There are 34,86,802 such cards in the state identified by Union Ministry of Rural Development, and the NREGA cell of UPCC would start spot verification of these cards.\"  Our members in districts like Mau and Azamgarh have already started the work and have found how gram pradhans and secretaries are drawing money through these fake job cards. In Gram Panchayat Khekhamau of Azamgarh district about Rs 2.54 lakh were drawn through such cards; in Mau district about Rs 35 lakh have been drawn in the name of such cards,\" Sanjay Dixit, member of Central Employment Guarantee Council and also chairman of the MNGREGA cell of Uttar Pradesh Congress Committee, said.Dixit said he apart from apprising the state government of the anomalies, he has also written to Union Rural Development Minister Jairam Ramesh demanding cancellation of all such cards in Uttar Pradesh.\"  It is a big scam and all the officers right from the state to the block level are involved. If these cards are not cancelled, the money would continue to flow to the wrong beneficiaries,\" Dixit claimed.The Union Rural Development Minister had started a separate column for all those cards which have different numbers but same head of the household in a particular panchayat last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17098908", "title": "After Sandy, another coastal storm headed towards US northeast", "text": "NEW YORK: Just as the US east coast is limping back to recovery from the destruction caused by Sandy, another strong coastal storm threatens to hit the region this week and could result in high winds, flooding and power outages, further exacerbating the damage caused by the megastorm.Though there is still uncertainty over its exact course and timing, the new coastal storm could bring windy conditions with high winds in the range of 50 miles per hour.\"Unfortunately a strong coastal storm appears likely for the latter half of the coming week. While there is still some uncertainty regarding the precise track and timing of the coastal storm in the northeast, substantial impacts are expected from this storm, many of which will be greater due to the damage caused by Sandy,\" the National Weather Service said.The high winds could knock down trees already weakened from Sandy and the greatest threat would be near the coast.The agency said while the coastal storm would be \"nowhere near as bad as Sandy\", the combination of storm surge and wave action could cause minor to moderate flooding and additional beach erosion along the mid Atlantic and New England coast.For New York City and the New England region, the high tides during the middle of next week threaten to cause flooding.The storm could also bring in wet snow in the interior sections from Virginia to New England.The weight of accumulating wet snow could bring down tree branches already weakened from Sandy, especially where leaves might still be on the trees.Other potential impacts of the storm include localised flooding from heavy rain and wet snow causing power outages and making travel conditions \"hazardous\".The US east coast is still reeling from the effects of Sandy, which turned out to be the most devastating storm to hit the eastern seaboard and caused unprecedented damage in New Jersey and New York.A week after the storm made landfall, millions are still without power, the mass transport system is yet to be fully restored and shortage of gas is exacerbating the problems of residents who are now also grappling with cold weather conditions.The death toll in US due to the storm reached 110, in addition to two killed in Canada and 67 in the Caribbean.According to data from power utility companies, more than 1.5 million customers were still without power with over 900,000 of those outages in New Jersey and about half a million in New York.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17094056", "title": "Rs 5cr sports complex at Carmona soon", "text": "MARGAO: A state-of-the art sports complex spread over 20,000 sq m will be developed by the Carmona village panchayat soon.The project which will also have a club house, besides a basketball and a volley ball court is estimated to cost nearly 5 crore.Briefing the villagers about the proposal at the village gram sabha on Sunday, sarpanch Lavita Dias said that the panchayat will seek financial support from the state government for the purpose.The club house will have all the required facilities, including a badminton court, a table tennis each for men and women , a billiard room, a carrom room, and a library. Besides, the existing community hall built under the MPLAD scheme will be extended to have a dining room, a bar room and toilets, the gram sabha was informed. Dias said that as the complex will be built to international standards, mega sports events could be hosted there.The gram sabha also adopted a resolution to facilitate agricultural activities by taking steps towards desiltation of river Sal and several ponds, construction of sluice gates, bandhs etc. It was decided that the panchayat would conduct a survey to identify the ponds in the village for desiltation and pursue the matter with the water resources department.Villagers also deliberated over the garbage issue. The panchayat informed the gram sabha that the panchayat has already identified an agency for collection of wet and plastic waste and the exercise would begin soon.Deputy sarpanch Orlando da Silva assisted the sarpanch in conducting the proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17097178", "title": "Irom Sharmila 'Iron Lady of Manipur' completes 12 years fast today", "text": "IMPHAL: The 'Iron Lady of Manipur' Irom Chanu Sharmila, who has been on a hunger strike since 2000 demanding repeal of Armed Forces Special Power Act (AFSPA), is completing 12 years of fast today.Sharmila, a civil rights activist, began her hunger strike after the death of ten people in an alleged encounter with the Assam Rifles at Malom in Imphal valley on November 2, 2000.She has been demanding repeal of AFSPA which the human rights activists hold as a draconian law. Currently she is in judicial custody where she is forcibly fed through her nose.There will be several candlelight demonstrations by civil rights activists and members of social organisations today thoughout Manipur to express their solidarity with Sharmila.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093687", "title": "Impostor caught in SSC exam", "text": "LUCKNOW: An impostor who was appearing for somebody else in one of the competitive exams was held by police on Sunday. Rajiv Kumar, who hails from Begusarai district of Bihar was caught by Alambagh police on Sunday allegedly for impersonating during the Staff Selection Commission exam held at Janta Inter College in Chander Nagar area during the 2.00 p.m. to 4.00 p.m. shift.The invigilating officer caught the accused sensing something amiss. The photo on the hall ticket did not resemble Rajiv and the officer started grilling him, who eventually confessed to his act.Rajiv was posing as Niranjan Kumar, and according to initial reports, was known to him and wanted to help him with his career goals. The principal of the institute, Rameshwar Singh, lodged a complaint against Rajiv with the Alambagh police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093179", "title": "New rules for re-examination of forensic evidence", "text": "Saurabh Sharma (435)JAIPUR: State and regional forensic science laboratories in Rajasthan have decided not to entertain applications from any individual or organizations for forensic re-examination. The move is part of the state government's efforts to check on the misuse and to streamline the rising number of cases for re-examination for forensic evidences.Putting strict guidelines for any such requests, the government has announced new rules which came into effect from October 20. According to the rules, re-examination requests would be conceded only after court orders directing a forensic lab.In cases other than directed by the courts, the order needs to come from an officer not below the inspector general (IG) rank in police or the head of an agency. Such cases will be referred to labs located outside the state and a board will decide to which labs, the cases will referred.\"There were no proper rules for allowing re-examination of forensic evidences earlier. There are also incidents when the reports before and after the re-examination were contradictory in nature. So, to streamline such cases, we have just made it more regulated,\" said R. Venkateswaran, secretary (home) and director of state forensic laboratory.In the absence of any rules, anybody could move an application for the re-examination which was generally accepted by the labs. However, most of the time a slight change in the report was used to delay case proceedings and seek benefit of doubts.\"The move is expected to expedite the cases involving forensic evidences. It will help in ironing out the suspicion factor which arises due to conflicting reports,\" advocate Sarfarz Haider said.The state forensic labs will revisit cases only when courts direct the labs to do so. However, if the investigating agencies in the process of their investigation feel that a case needs to be re-examined, they can move a proposal. The IG or the head of the investigating agency may pass orders for re-examination on the merits of the case. If such an order is passed, the agency has to refer the case to any Central or state forensic science lab situated outside the state. The second examination will also be conducted under the supervision of the board constituted for such purposes.The rules will also be binding for the state government if it wants a case to be re-examined. The government will have to seek comments of the investigating agency on the desirability for revisiting a case for forensic testing. If it finds merit in the case, the government can direct the agency to go for re-examination. Even in such cases, the examination will have be conducted outside the state under the supervision of the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17094312", "title": "Maoists kill Balangir villager", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Maoists on Saturday night killed man in Rengali village in Balangir district, suspecting him to be a police informer. Soon after the incident, security personnel launched a combing operation in which a Maoist cadre is reported to have been killed.This action of Maoists is believed to be in retaliation of four cadres being arrested by police in Balangir three days ago, a poster left by Maoists at the crime spot mentioned. The poster said that the man was running a country liquor unit and despite warning he didn't stop it. He also tipped police about Maoists' movement, the poster alleged.The deceased was identified as Murli Meher (50). Police said Maoists forcibly dragged Murli out of his house at about 10.30 pm and shot him dead. There were injury marks all over his body. \"The Maoists killed Murli on the outskirts of the village and left behind a poster. Around 25 armed cadres raided his house,\" said Sanjay Kumar , DIG (northern range).The DIG said soon after the incident, a combing operation was launched and there was a fierce exchange of fire between the forces and Maoists. \"We suspect a Maoist was killed in the firing. There were blood stains on the path in the forest through which they escaped. We are yet to recover the body of the dead ultra,\" Kumar said.Security forces recovered a huge cache of ammunition from the ultra's hideouts during the combing operation. The DIG said two tiffin bombs, several gelatin packets, live wire and detonators were found in their camp apart from utensils, tents and sacks. These were found in the reserve forest area between Sanbanjipali and Bharuamunda village in Khaprakhol block.\"Search operation is on. Sniffer dogs and scientific teams have been pressed into finding out more clues regarding their activities and escape routes,\" said the DIG.In another incident, the ultras torched five tractors and one JCV in Paikmal area on the foot of Gandhamardan hill bordering Balangir district. Police said after the Maoists' extortion bid failed, their resorted to arson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093233", "title": "'Technology skills significant for modern-day warfare'", "text": "PUNE: General officer commanding of 12 Corps Lt Gen M M S Rai has stressed the significance of technology skills in modern-day warfare.He was addressing the passing out parade of the Technical Entry Scheme (TES) 20 Course of the Cadets Training Wing (CTW) at the College of Military Engineering (CME) here on Saturday.Lt Gen Rai, who is also the colonel commandant of the Bombay Sappers, exhorted the gentlemen cadets (GCs) to imbibe the virtues of valour and sacrifice of the Indian Army. He stressed the need for all round development, impeccable qualities and a deep sense of responsibility and devotion to the nation.In the parade that marked a culmination of their technical and military training at the CTW, a total of 123 GCs march passed the saluting dais. Of these, 29 GCs represented the TES 20 course.The parade was commanded by wing cadet captain Jayesh Rana. Wing cadet quarter master Anand Prakash Mishra was awarded the coveted commandant's gold medal for being first in overall order of merit.Wing cadet adjutant Jivitesh Razora bagged the silver medal for best all round gentlemen cadet as well as the Rajput regiment gold medal for scoring the maximum marks in outdoor training. Gentlemen cadet Harsh Tangar was awarded best sportsman medal for excellent performance in the games field.The General Officer Commanding-in-Chief of the Army Training Command's banner was awarded to the 'Bravo' platoon for overall championship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093762", "title": "Two labourers killed in wall collapse", "text": "NAGPUR: Two women labourers were killed in a wall collapse at an under construction godown near New Pardi on Kamptee Road on Sunday afternoon.The incident took place around 4pm while construction work was in progress and the women labourers were resting near the wall. Malti Sahu, a resident of New Pardi and other named Usha Bansod, a resident of Ambe Nagar, were killed on the spot. Labourers said that a coal crusher firm is located just next to the under construction site.Labourers who witnessed the incident claimed that the wall collapsed due to the vibrations from the coal crusher machine on the wall. They said that the construction work had started just a month ago. A 15 feet wall was built a fortnight ago.After having lunch, five labourers were resting near the wall even as the coal crusher was functioning on the other side. Suddenly, the wall collapsed and Sahu and Bansod were trapped under the debris while the other three managed to escape. One of them suffered minor injuries.The debris was cleared by other labourers within minutes but Sahu and Bansod had already succumbed. Soon, the police control room was alerted and Kalamna police informed. The labourers blamed police for reaching late at the spot. Police took the bodies to Mayo hospital in the contractor's vehicle.There was tension on the construction site after labourers blamed the contractor for the wall collapse. They claimed that the building owner had given the construction contract to a private company who then gave the contract to another private contractor. The labourers alleged that the material provided by the contractor was of inferior quality.Angry relatives claimed that cops refused to cooperate with them. Until late Sunday night, police had not registered the case against the contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093466", "title": "No to freebies, yes to schemes for car dealers", "text": "INDORE: Thanks to slender margins and tough market conditions, car dealers have tightened their budgets as far as offering freebies for the festive season is concerned. However, other offers to lure their customers like free insurance cover and loyalty exchange benefits are the alternative strategies in vogue.The bigger discounts are likely to happen in the month of December when the dealers are in a hurry to clear their stocks.A local dealer of Skoda said that though his company was not giving any discount on prices, it was trying to woo its customers in several other ways like offering free warranty and free insurance cover for a certain period on select models. Commenting on sales, the official said that there was minimal impact as the industry all together was not doing well despite the festive season.A local dealer of Maruti-Suzuki, Praveen Patel, said, \"Though we are offering discounts up to Rs 65,000, we are not giving any such offer on the newly launched Alto 800 as it was already doing well.\" He clarified that he didn't have any plans to withdraw or reduce any discounts being offered by his company.Hyundai's local dealer, Aditya Kasliwal, said, \"We have rather increased the exchange loyalty offer by Rs 5000 to Rs 25000 for our customers.\"An official of Force Motors said that his company was offering discounts of upto Rs 20,000 on a few models. Anup Tiwari, local dealer for VW, said, \"We had a host of lucrative schemes like finance at the rate of interest of 5.99%, free insurance cover and exchange loyalty.However, all those schemes were closed on 31 October. Now we are waiting to hear from our company for fresh offers. Though the sale weren't as per our expectations, we are hopeful it will improve by Diwali.\"Mahindra &amp; Mahindra is offering benefits of upto Rs 61,000 and it has also extended its discount offers for one more month.The company's dealer, Atul Sharma, said, \"There was a disappointment until Navratra. However, we hope things will improve during Pushya Nakshtra.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097231", "title": "Aadhi in Mysskin's next movie?", "text": "Looks like Director Mysskin is ready to start his next flick starring Aadhi and Gautham Karthik tentatively titled 'Idi Minnal Kadhal'.The film is set to be a romantic entertainer following his action movie Mugamoodi. His last movie didn't do as well he would have expected and would be keen on giving a better film this time around.Aadhi of Aravaan fame has been roped in to play the lead role. There were rumours that Mysskin might do a movie on cricket, but the filmmaker denied any such plans.Aadhi is currently working on a movie with Tapsee, while Gautham Karthik is playing the lead role in Mani Rathnam's ' Kadal '.Looks like Mysskin would have to wait for them to finish these work to join him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095469", "title": "Mysore City Corporation eyes new layouts to collect property tax", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore City Corporation's property tax collection is on course. With five months left of the financial year, the corporation has collected Rs 45 crore - or, 58% - of the Rs 77.54-crore budget forecast. Now, it's looking at widening the tax net by targeting some 30,000 properties which were outside the purview all this while.Property tax is a revenue stream for the corporation, contributing nearly 16% of the Rs 423.15-crore budget.Towards this end, the MCC is launching a month-long revenue-collection drive across 65 wards and expects to rake in Rs 15 crore in that period. Commissioner M R Ravi said the corporation will set up 39 special counters across nine zones.The MCC has 1.72 lakh tax-paying properties. But a GIS survey revealed 30,000 more which have not been paying taxes. The MCC seeks to bring these properties under the tax net now.In 2011-12, the civic body collected 91% of the Rs 70.88-crore property tax target. Revenue collection improved dramatically after the MCC adopted the web-based system. The civic body has logged more than 90% collection in the past three years.Property tax has a much better collection graph than that of water tax. The MCC has projected revenues of Rs 50 crore through water tax and will regularize 35,000 illegal connections to bring in more money.During the month-long drive, the MCC seeks to generate Rs 3.69 crore by way of trade-licence fees and Rs 33 lakh through rent collection from traders.Property tax revision soon?The Mysore City Corporation is considering a revision of property tax after January. As per the Karnataka Municipal Corporations Act, 1976, the property tax can be revised once in three years. \"It's due for a revision, but we are not sure about an increase,\" Ravi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17094296", "title": "Sambalpur firing kingpin lands in cops net", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police on Sunday said they have arrested the other two accused, including the mastermind , in the much-hyped Gole Bazaar firing incident. Earlier, two accused were arrested.SP (Sambalpur) Nikhil Kanodia said police tasted success after conducting raids on several places in the town. The prime accused, Sanjay Khandelwal, was arrested on Sunday while the other accused, Md. Mused, was arrested the previous night. Police had earlier arrested Ashish Sharma and Badrinath Mahoto.Rice trader Sitaram Saha was shot at in his shop at Gole Bazaar on Friday when he refused to pay extortion money to the accused.Meanwhile, the SP appealed to the traders to inform police immediately in case anyone demands extortion money. \"We have taken this very seriously and appealed to the people, especially traders, to have confidence on the district police,\" Kanodia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17094638", "title": "University College pays tribute to Malayalam poetry", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The rich poetic tradition of Malayalam was remembered with a grandeur show as 13 students of the University College staged 'Cholliyattam' based on selected poems by some of the finest poets of the language, at Kanakakunnu on Sunday.In perfect blend of music, dance, sound and light they embarked on a journey starting from Thunchathu Ezhuthachan's 'Ramayanam' and progressed along Kumaran Asan's 'Chandalabhikshuki', G Shankarakurup's 'Perunthachan' and eight more adaptations of classic Malayalam poems.The performance was held on the sidelines of the book festival organized by the State Balasahitya Institute. The show was conceived and choreographed by Dr Usha Kumari of the Sanskrit Department of University College. She said that the performance was an attempt to attract the youth towards Malayalam classics. \"It also helps the elders recollect various eras of Malayalam poetry and some of the poetic marvels of all time. We have tried to maintain the purity of our mother tongue while adapting the works to a live show,\" she said.Usha Kumari referred to books like 'Hastha Lakshana Deepika' and 'Abhinayadarpanam' to interpret the verses while devising the show. The authors were chosen considering their contributions starting from the father of Malayalam to the present.Elements of kathakali, mohiniyattam, koodiyattom and Kerala nadanam were laced together to define the poems on stage. The overwhelmed audience complimented the show with a loud applause and the performers seem delighted.\"I am happy to be part of such a show. We had almost one week practice and we were touched by the lyrics of our classic writers. It was a wonderful experience altogether,\" said Soraj R, one of the students who participated in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098241", "title": "When Pandit Ravi Shankar rocked Tel Aviv", "text": "The year was 1992. The Cold war had culminated with the breakup of the Soviet Union and collapse of the Berlin Wall in the preceding years. The first Gulf war had also ended and India finally established full diplomatic relations with Israel, exchanged ambassadors and set up the first-ever diplomatic mission in the country - definitely a milestone in the history of international relations between two democratic nation states, which had no formal ties. As I was spending a quiet evening at home over the weekend, a close friend called. \"Hey, did you know that Ravi Shankar is performing in Tel Aviv tonight? Wanna go?\" he asked. Not much into Indian classical music in those times, we were hesitant at first. On second thoughts, we had nothing better to do - no internet or mobile phones in those days, while cable television was just getting started, so we decided to go. Heck, we might even get a glimpse of Maestro Zubin Mehta, legendary conductor of the Israel Philharmonic and undoubtedly the most famous Indian in Israel who would definitely be there.When we reached the Tel Aviv auditorium, our jaws dropped. Expecting to see a few faces from the local Indian-Jewish community and maybe some personnel from the newly established Indian embassy, we were confronted with huge crowds thronging the area. It seemed as if the whole of Tel Aviv - the city that never sleep-- had come to watch the sitar virtuoso perform in Israel. After waiting for over an hour in line to buy the tickets and with no guarantees that we would succeed, we finally managed to get in with some of the famed Israeli brashness coming to our assistance. The show coordinators practically dragged us to our seats as the performance was already set to begin. Adrenalin levels were flowing to the maximum by now, and it peaked when Pandit Ravi Shankar came on stage to a deafening applause in the packed auditorium.Ravi Shankar enthralled the audience for almost two hours. Every sentence that he articulated was greeted with a thunderous ovation. Single line puns were delivered simply and exquisitely to an ecstatic crowd. There was complete silence in the hall during the show, and all that we could hear were the mesmerizing sitar beats with an immediate, spontaneous burst of resounding applause breaking the silence at the end of every crescendo. With all our youthful ignorance of Indian classical music, we were completely gripped by the intensity of the performance.Thinking back it was a fitting prelude to the normalization of formal relations between India and Israel. Relations between the countries were kept under the radar for over four decades, with Israel maintaining only a low profile consulate in Mumbai. Due to domestic and international realpolitik based on geopolitical considerations, India had avoided full diplomatic relations with Israel since independence, and only consented as the foundations of a new world order began to take shape in the early 1990s. The disintegration of the former Soviet Union, India's traditional ally, coupled with a severe financial crisis in 1992 drove India to closer ties with the US and also Israel. Finally, India was forced to alter its global policy and perspective, economic and security wise.Culturally, Israel got a brilliant taste of India's artistic tradition in the form of Ravi Shankar and there has been no looking back ever since. It was definitely an event to remember even after 20 years, which left us quite 'shaken and stirred'. Well, we never got a glimpse of Maestro Zubin Mehta but quipped that Pandit Ravi Shankar's performance had made up for that miss.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jhansi", "code": "17093624", "title": "Loot on Dakshin Express", "text": "JHANSI: Delhi-bound Dakshin Express was looted near Bina Junction on Saturday night at around 9pm. As per the details, some miscreants stopped the train near Agasaud Station, near Bina in Madhya Pradesh . Around 12 miscreants attacked coach No S6 and snatched mobile phones, jewellery and other valuables from the passengers.They also pelted stones injuring the guards and passengers. The loot continued for around half an hour with no GRP or RPF personnel on board. When finally the train moved and reached Lalitpur, GRP was informed and further at Jhansi Railway station but no complaint was registered on grounds of jurisdiction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095117", "title": "Shifting grounded tanker will be largest salvage operation", "text": "Work to set the MT Pratibha Cauvery afloat will begin on Monday. It will be the largest marine salvage operation undertaken on the Chennai coast. On Sunday, nine salvage experts attempted to activate the engine.The weight of the vessel and the fact that it is in exposed waters, subject to currents , will make salvaging a difficult and delicate operation . Experts said the ship will have to be raised inch by inch, and the operation is likely to take a few days. The tanker ran aground near Besant Nagar during Cylone Nilam on Wednesday. Six sailors drowned while trying to get to shore during the storm.\"MT Pratibha Cauvery is struck on the seabed. We are reducing the vessel's weight by removing the oil and ballast water. We will tow it using a tug,\" said Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra. He said the previous ship they salvaged, OSM Arena, ran aground about one nautical mile from the shore near Marina beach.DG shipping officials retrieved the voyage data recorder . They examined the communication equipment and movements in the bridge, the room from which a ship is commanded.Smit International, the company hired to salvage the vessel, has started work. Ship owner Sunil Pawar said the salvors had started preliminary operations. \"They are leading towage operators for international ports. They will tow it to outer seas,\" he said.The salvors are expected to fix pullers mounted on a platform or a subsea platform to roll the Pratibha Cauvery to the outer sea. \"We are trying to stabilise the vessel and tow it away without any pollution threats. Its size is the main challenge,\" Pawar said.The owners have declared the salvage under Lloyds Open Form, the standard legal document. A shipping official said the operation will follow strict norms to prevent pollution even if the ship cannot be saved. \"By incorporating the Special Compensation P&I; Club (SCOPIC) clause, the threat of pollution is reduced . Salvors follow this clause as salvage operations have resulted in major environment casualties in international waters,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093704", "title": "Awareness, early diagnosis key to fight oral cancer", "text": "NAGPUR: Though it is a preventable type of cancer, the high incidences of oral cancer in the country is a phenomenon that the oncologists are worried about. The late detection in the country also means that patients consult doctors only when a huge damage has been done. Several factors like lack of awareness about the treatment options and the disease and affordability of the treatment are responsible for this, say doctors.To mark the ongoing oral cancer awareness month, RST Regional Cancer Hospital organized an update on the treatment methodologies of the disease. Chief guest and former dean of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences Dr Govind Verma said that prevention is the key for reducing the oral cancer burden of the country. Director of the hospital Dr Santanu Chaudhuri agreed and said that lifestyle choices like consumption of tobacco and alcohol are within the individual's control.\"The stage wherein a patient in a western country is said to be having advanced cancer is what we refer to as early detection. Also, after diagnosis treatment of the patients in developed countries starts after a week or two while that of our patients takes three months on an average. Even those who are lucky enough to get to know of the disease in early stages tend to delay the treatment,\" said Dr SB Sapre, head of and neck oncosurgeon at the hospital. The reasons for these delays range from trying alternate therapy to financial difficulties and lack of awareness, he added. \"This is sadder because in terms of technology, we are as good as any developed country,\" said Dr Sapre.Oncosurgeon Dr Ashish Chikhale, who was among the speakers during the meet said, \"Increased public awareness about the various aspects of the disease and treatment will bring down the cost of treatment and raise the chances of recovery. Also, this will mean that the disfigurement that is often a part of the surgeries for oral cancer will be least possible.\" He also expressed concern that the number of youngsters affected by the disease has gone up tremendously. \"In 1996, 17% of the patients were in the 25 to 40 age group. Now, this has gone up to 40%,\" he said.\"Most of the time, our patients are not scared of the disease but of the treatment. It would do us good if we could reverse this fear. This is possible by making information available to the people,\" said oncologist Dr Pranay Taori. He also insisted that treatment should start at the earliest possible time after the diagnosis of the disease.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17094003", "title": "When Paris came to Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: While explaining the iconic status of Moulin Rouge, the dance troupe's choreographer, Eric Sorensen, compares it with Eiffel Tower. \"You watch it once and not every other day, but you want to watch it at least once in your lifetime.\"After giving its performance in Mumbai on Wednesday, the world-renowned dance troupe Moulin Rouge enthralled a select audience at Pullman Hotel in Gurgaon on Friday.Seventeen members of the dance troupe gave a short performance of French can-can - a dance form traditionally performed by a chorus line of female dancers - followed by a jaw-dropping acrobatic performance by two Ukrainian artistes.The show was started after words of praise from the organizers about the show and the troupe-which was immortalized among youths by 2001 Nicole Kidman-starrer Moulin Rouge!.\"The incredible performance was the result of three days of rehearsal in Paris followed by a two-day practice session in Mumbai,\" tells Eric Sorensen, who has been associated with Moulin Rouge for the past 20 years, out of which he spent 12 as a dancer. About the changes in the last two decades, Sorensen said, \"The average age group of Moulin Rouge's audience has fallen in these years. Earlier people in the age group of 40-50 used to come, drink champagne, watch the show, clap and go. But now, we get young audiences who scream along with the dancers, and even stand on tables during the show.\"Though most of the performers are in the age group of 18-22, some of them are also in their late 20s or even older but they don't lack in energy or boisterousness-which is the troupe's trademark since 1889 when Moulin Rouge came into being and screaming dancers used to lift their flowing skirts to show their bare legs as a mark of 'dissent' in the then conservative society. \"Lifting of leg high means 'war' in the dance form,\" says Sorensen.Having traversed through 123 years of fame, the troupe is now a corporate entity with a board of directors, managing director, CEO, a total of 400 employees and handsomely paid over 100 dancers. \"New ballet dancers, after four weeks of can-can training, are paid 3,400 euros per month while the senior performers, known as principals, are paid close to 7,000 euros,\" Fanny Rabasse, spokesperson of Moulin Rouge, said.Natalie Sims, 29-year-old principal dancer, who hails from England, is living her dream of dancing for the legendary entertainment group for past seven years, which is the longest tenure for any dancer in the current team. \"Some stay for a year while others stay for longer but rarely does anyone stay for a decade or so,\" Sims said.While explaining the reason for dancers' short stints, Rabasse said, \"The troupe has been performing the same show (Ferrie) since 1999 and the dancers perform it twice every day for six days a week. Then comes a time when the performers want to do something different and eventually, their relationship with us comes to an end.\"Though this was Moulin Rouge's first visit to India, their overseas spectators comprise half of their 6,30,000 annual audience. Even their dancers belong to 14 different nationalities, while no one belongs to India.\"We don't have special affinity for any particular country. We select the best dancers from each country. In future we may carry out an audition in India. Who knows?\" Rabasse said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17095552", "title": "People for Animal intensifies campaign to save migratory birds", "text": "IMPHAL: Young volunteers of the People for Animal (PFA), Thoubal have intensified their campaign 'Greet our Guests' to protect migratory birds from poachers. With the onset of winter season, several species of migratory birds have started taking shelter in different wetlands in the state.On Friday, the members rounded up a poacher during a raid at the Ekop Pat, a wetland in Thoubal district, an important breeding ground of winged guests like purple moor hen, moor hen, cattle egret and large egret.\"On a tip off about intrusion of a large number of poachers at Ekop Pat, a team of eight PFA members rushed there and held a poacher and found two bird trapping nets from his possession, while another managed to escape,\" Lourembam Biswajit, managing trustee of PFA, Thoubal said.The accused, Md Basir Ahman (51), from Muslim-dominated Sangai Yumpham Awang Leikai village in the district was handed over to the police, Biswajit said. He added that Basir would be booked under the Protection of Wildlife Act, 1972.Ornithologists say over fifty species of birds from China, Siberia , Mongolia and other Asian countries arrive at suitable habitats in the country including Loktak lake in Manipur by October mid-week and return by April.The campaign of PFA, Thoubal was formally launched at the district headquarters on the occasion of World Animal Day on October 4. Since then, the volunteers of the animal lovers' group have been spreading awareness among villagers residing near wetlands and jungles where the migratory birds visit and the need for taking up necessary measures to protect the winged guests, Biswajit said. They also take advice from forest officials while implementing their line of action including village level awareness meetings, he added.The organization has been instrumental in rescuing various rare animal species from the claws of poachers and smugglers. Its latest achievement was the rescue of a python from villagers, who were worshipping the reptile believing it was the incarnation of their local deity at Kumbi village in Bishnupur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098417", "title": "Santhanam to join Thala Ajith", "text": "Santhanam, one who has become the most wanted actor in K'town is busy with lots of projects. The comedian has had a major impact on films in recent years and delivered a memorable performance in Siruthai.The latest update is that Santhanam has joined hands with Thala Ajith Kumar for next flick with Siruthai Siva. The project which is tentatively being called ' Vetri Kondaan ' has Ajith Kumar and Anushka in the lead.He is also doing important roles in Alex Pandian and just joined the cast list of Director Siva's next film. It is to be noted that Santhanam previously worked with Ajith in Billa .Ajith is currently busy for his next film under the direction of Vishnuvardhan. Once he wraps up the shoot for the film, he will be joining ' Siruthai ' Siva's movie where Anushka is the heroine.There are a lot of expectations from the audience to see that Ajith scores a hit soon. Meanwhile Santhanam is also playing an important role in the film Kanna...Laddoo Thinga Aasaiya .In addition, the director is trying bring in a big-name actor to do a cameo role in the film. However, he immediately ruled out talking about it, saying that it was too early to say names.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093668", "title": "Defence colony heist: 2 more held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two more people have been arrested in the Defence Colony heist case on Friday from their east Delhi residence and property papers and cash worth Rs 25 lakh have been recovered from them. The accused, Ram Singh (30) and Ajay (32) are relatives of the main accused Yogesh, absconding with Rs 1.10 crore.\"Their interrogation by Inspector Rajender Singh of the special task force, revealed that Yogesh had contacted them a day after the incident and given them over Rs 25 lakhs,\" said DCP south Chhaya SharmaSimilarly, Yogesh had given Rs 25 lakh to his younger brother and his friend, both of whom have already been arrested and the money given to them has been recovered, Sharma added.The investigations revealed that Yogesh had gone to Ghonda area in northeast Delhi after collecting his share and distributed the cash among his relatives and friends asking them to invest it in property and farmlands. He took a little cash with him and left for Mainpuri in UP where he stayed in temples for around 20 days and then left for an unknown location. Sources say he is dressed as a baba and has no money left on him.Of the Rs 5.25 crore which were stolen, Rs 4.09 crores have been recovered and 14 people have been apprehended so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093708", "title": "Winds of change: Theme Rahul reigns supreme at 'maha rally'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The future of the Congress unravelled in the colours of the Congress maha rally with Rahul Gandhi seen as the future of the party in a multitude of images on posters, hoardings and placards.At some places, the Gandhi scion towered over the present leadership indicating a much anticipated change that is now close at hand. Some in the crowd confidently held up posters \"Rahul to be next PM\" and the \"future of the nation\".Party chief Sonia Gandhi reinforced the impression with Gandhi junior being the first speaker ahead of herself and PM Manmohan Singh in what looks like the order of precedence for the 2014 election.Even though most of the party's top brass was present at the rally, supporters jostled and pushed to see and hear Rahul Gandhi. From Gandhi caps stating \"Mein Hoon Rahul\" even if that meant taking a cue from the India Against Corruption's now infamous \"Mein Hoon Anna\" caps to shouting Rahul Gandhi zindabad, supporters cheered for him. He in turn waved at them and tried to strike a chord by raising a slogan for the rights of the \"aam admi\".There were some who hoped to attract Sonia's attention. 30-year-old Farzana Begum's road side shop was demolished in Moti Bagh about six months back and since then she has been on the streets trying to make both ends meet. She has six children and no income. Sunday's rally was her hope to get the government to hear her plight. But in the din of slogan shouting such voices were hard to hear.While the Rahul thread ran through the rally, Haryana stole the show from the Delhi unit as the crowd at the Congress \"maha rally\" was strongly peppered with the members of the \"Gulabi Sena\" from the state.While Delhi claimed to have been a prime contributor to the crowd of about two lakh at the rally, it was Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda's state that made its presence felt with men wearing pink turbans and women in scarfs of the same shade. Here Hooda scored over Delhi CM Sheila Dikshit's mobilization skills.The Congress \"maha rally\" turned out to be a power packed show of strength, as party workers from across India gathered in the capital. The ground meant for 60,000 was packed beyond capacity with the Congress leaders claiming the presence of a lakh of supporters inside while the same number waited on the roads leading to the venue. Rising to address the crowd before the arrival of the PM, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi, Haryana CM, Bhupinder Singh Hooda said, \"This is the pink army of Congress president Sonia Gandhi.\" Besides Delhi and Haryana, the crowd had people from Rajasthan, UP, Punjab, Madhya Pradesh and far off states like Tamil Nadu and the northeastern states.By 11am the Ramlila ground was packed to capacity. Supporters lined up outside the gates waiting in the hope that they would get to enter. Many said they had already docked at the border of the city from November 1. \"We had been putting up in Mundka for last three days to attend the maha rally. The local leaders including Jag Pravesh arranged for the food and lodging. We arrived at the Ramlila grounds at 7 am in the morning,\" said Jagbir Tokas, from Karnal.Waving posters, placards, flags and shouting slogans the enthusiastic crowd build the momentum for the rally. Farmers from Punjab claimed to have come to the rally to support the party's decision to bring FDI in retail. However, even though many weren't aware of what the FDI is but everyone who came raised a slogan in its favour. For instance, Banwar Lal Swamy raised slogans in favour of FDI. When asked what it meant? \"I don't know what it is, but since Congress leaders are talking about it I am sure it is a good thing for the country, he said.But many of those stranded outside for want of space inside were disappointed. \"We came all the way from Rajasthan. We had hopes of seeing them on the stage. But the entry is restricted and we cannot get in which is very disappointing,\" said Vijay Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093632", "title": "'Date with Sandy upset plans'", "text": "NEW DELHI: They were in the US on an educational trip when hurricane Sandy struck. While their families waited for them anxiously, the batch of 50 students from Bluebells International School and Mount St Mary's School, accompanied by four teachers and guides, found the experience rather enriching.As the group, which had gone to visit NASA's J F Kennedy Research Centre in Orlando, Florida, returned safely on Sunday, their parents heaved a sigh of relief. They were full of praise for the organizers, who ensured that the trip went without mishap.The students arrived in two batches; while the first batch of 25 students flew directly to Delhi, the other came via Mumbai. Another batch from Ahlcon International, also a part of the trip, is expected arrive in the early hours of Wednesday.Yukthi Duggal, who studies in Class X at Bluebells International, said the trip was quite memorable, though the hurricane disturbed the latter part of their sojourn and their much awaited visit to New York. \"We were not directly affected by the hurricane, but it upset our plans to explore New York and go sightseeing. During this period, we were mostly confined to our hotels. We did see a few places in Orlando like the Sea World. We heard about the destruction Sandy wreaked on the East Coast, but fortunately we didn't get caught in that.\"The students were originally supposed to return on October 31. Among those who participated were 33 students from Mount St Mary's, 16 from Bluebells International, 21 from Ahlcon Public School and 30 from Ahlcon International School. There are also 10 students from Shimla's Auckland House School.The trip was conducted by Space Technology. Coordinator of the trip for Bluebells and St Mary's, Jayanta Paul, said, \"It was tough but we managed to arrange the return tickets at the earliest. When the air traffic was reopened, we were getting tickets for as late as November 10.\"Though the students missed out on a few things, they were a happy bunch. Atijav Dua, a Class X student, said, \"Since we were in Orlando, we didn't experience the hurricane. We were supposed to travel to New York. Fortunately, the flights got cancelled just on time and we stayed safely in Orlando for the rest of the trip. But there was not much to do except visit a few places in Orlando or unwind inside the hotel.\"The parents, however, had a tough time waiting for their wards. Ajay Duggal, whose two children were part of the trip, seemed relieved as he picked them up at the airport. \"We were anxious, but the organizers kept us updated, and whenever there was connectivity we spoke to them on phone. The fact that they were all in a group gave some comfort,\" said Duggal.One of the teachers escorting the students was Manju Sethi of Bluebells International. She admitted there were anxious moments. \"Initially, there was confusion about our return. We were in a group of four and had almost boarded the flight to New York. A few of us had, in fact, completed the security check before the flights were cancelled. We also had a problem in getting tickets for earlier than November 11,\" said Sethi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094036", "title": "State Aadhaar coverage crosses 80% mark", "text": "PANAJI: The Aadhaar card coverage in Goa has crossed 80%, probably the highest in the country. Authorities are hoping to achieve 100% coverage in Goa by December end.Vijay Saxena, joint director, department of planning, statistics and evaluation, which is the nodal department for Aadhaar project in Goa, said that till date there are 71 stations operating to enroll citizens under Aadhaar all over Goa.Since August 2011, when the aadhaar project was launched in Goa, 11,85,278 people have been enrolled under Aadhaar. From this, 10,66,750 Aadhaar cards have already been issued.But Saxena said that when Nandan Nilekani , chairman of the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI), visited Goa on August 30, 2012, he assured to expedite issue of the Aadhaar cards that have not been issued yet. Saxena also referred to the fact that it is essential for citizens to have Aadhaar cards to avail many of the government's social welfare schemes. \"Beneficiaries of such schemes should not panic if they have not received their Aadhaar cards. Till the time they receive the card, the enrollment ID number given on acknowledgment slip will be accepted by the authorities,\" Saxena said.The joint director said that Aadhaar cards that have been issued are already being used by citizens in various ways including opening of bank accounts in nationalized banks. Saxena pointed out that, the chief minister has announced that from April 1, 2013, no benefits of schemes will be released unless Aadhaar numbers are provided by beneficiaries. Importantly, there are no complaints against the already issued Aadhaar cards in Goa.Saxena said the UIDAI chairman has praised Goa's success in the Aadhaar project. Nilekani not only appreciated Goa's high coverage but also praised the quality of enrollment in Goa, due to which rejection is less than 1%. In other states, the rejection is as high as 8%. Saxena said that Nilekani also praised chief minister Manohar Parrikar for showing commitment to making beneficiary-oriented schemes in Goa Aadhaar compliant.Nilekani's appreciation of Goa's initiatives resulted in the UIDAI approving the state's proposal to make various social welfare schemes Aadhaar compliant. The department of planning, statistics and evaluation had proposed that various Goan schemes like Dayanand Social Security scheme, issue of ration card, issue of birth and death certificate and Griha Laxmi scheme should be made Aadhaar compliant.The UIDAI has now sanctioned Goa a sum of one crore as part amount for the computerization and integration of Aadhaar numbers into computer databases of various beneficiary-oriented schemes. The total amount to be released is 10 crore.Asked why Goa could not achieve 100% coverage, Saxena said that the authorities lost almost three months during the Assembly elections. During this time, there were no officials, no premises available to set up enrollment stations and also no vehicles.The downside of the project is that the two important talukas of Bardez and Salcette have still not reached 70% coverage. \"But the department is trying its best to deploy more machines to increase the coverage and achieve 100% coverage by December-end,\" Saxena said.The five talukas with high Aadhaar coverage in Goa are Quepem (89%), Mormugao (83%), Canacona (78%), Bicholim (74%) and Sattari (73%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097338", "title": "Kalpana to be screened at the Kolkata Film Festival", "text": "When Uday Shankar's Kalpana was restored by the World Cinema Foundation chaired by Martin Scorsese , movie buffs the world over heaved a sigh of relief. Too add to their joy, the 1948 film, which was part of this year's Cannes Classics, will be screened at the Kolkata Film Festival that begins on November 10.  Filmmaker Haranath Chakraborty confirmed the news to TOI, \"Yes, Kalpana will be screened at KFF. When the film was made, it used to be shown in makeshift tents. To relive the good old days, we are planning to screen the film in a tent. It was shot entirely as a dance ballet.\" This piece of news has left the Shankar family overjoyed. Said Mamata Shankar, \"I am very happy and thrilled that after ages Baba's ( Uday Shankar) film will be shown at the festival, this year. This is indeed a great honour. I've already had a word with Harada (Haranath Chakraborty) and the Nandan authorities on this.\" Mamata, who along with her mother, Amala Shankar, walked the red carpet at Cannes on May 17 at the 65th edition of the festival, however, is jittery about the sound quality of Kalpana. \"I felt that the sound quality of the restored print wasn't up to the mark. This needs to taken care of,\" she added. Kalpana is a dance drama revolving around a young dancer's dream to set up a dance academy. The film featured Uday and Amala Shankar in lead roles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095368", "title": "Aggressive Sonia takes on oppn, lists govt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s achievements", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi came out firing all cylinders on Sunday as she sought to rally the party faithful with a message of resilience while counter attacking the opposition over corruption, saying the rival camp was itself \"fully immersed in the muck of corruption\".Looking to strike a confident note, Sonia said the objective of the rally was to signal Congress's determination to withstand and overcome daunting political and economic challenges. \"We can face these challenges successfully and deliver positive results,\" she said.Rallying the cadre in the midst of an all around onslaught from anti-corruption activists and opposition, Sonia urged them to hold their nerve, saying, \"Kisi se ankhen churane ki zaroorat nahin hai (there is no need to avoid eye contact with anyone).\"There was a deliberate intent to Sonia's aggression as she forcefully reminded the opposition BJP - without naming the party - that \"those who dig a ditch for others should know there is a well waiting for them\" to the cheers of the crowd.In an unmistakable reference to the controversy over BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business dealings, she said, \"Those who lectured us on corruption...they are fully entrapped in the very issues that they want to raise and discuss. Their double-faced nature has been fully exposed.\"Figuring out that attack is the best defence at a time when Congress is swamped by a series of corruption scandals, Sonia took the fight to the opposition by advising political challengers to cogitate over their own troubles while emphasizing Congress's role in fighting graft by making Right To Information a reality.\"Think for yourself, can such a law be legislated by someone who wants to hide corruption? Such a law will be brought by someone who wants to erase corruption,\" she said in an appeal aimed at boosting Congress's credibility quotient.Although Sonia made a strong statement on graft - \"our conduct is not tainted and our intent is above board\" -- limits of the strategy were exposed in part with the Sunday show being powered by the organizational skills of state bosses themselves under fire for encouraging crony politics.On the main message that the rally was intended to convey, Sonia endorsed the Centre's decision to allow giant retailers to set up shop in India by placing this in the context of the need to promote employment. \"This is why new investment is needed, with FDI being a part of it,\" she said.Having praised the PM for doing a better job of protecting the economy against a global slowdown, Sonia quickly assured that she felt for the people's hardships. She said some pain was unavoidable as India imported 80% of its oil needs but pointed out that the government had not raised the cost of wheat and rice in ration shops.Sonia promised that the government would work to pass a Lokpal law that she said had been stymied by the opposition in the Rajya Sabha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17092754", "title": "Car just died on me: Lewis Hamilton", "text": "NEW DELHI: It was all going according to script for McLaren's Lewis Hamilton in the Abu Dhabi Grand Prix .After qualifying on pole, Hamilton had a quick and easy getaway and was easily pulling away from Kimi Raikkonen of Lotus in the second place.But it all came crashing down in Lap 19 of the race as fuel pressure problem meant the McLaren's engine died midway through the lap and Hamilton's fine weekend came to an abrupt end.\"I'm gutted; I'd had really good pace all weekend and I feel certain we could have won today. I had a fuel pressure problem - it was very sudden, I was just entering a corner and the car just died on me,\" Hamilton said after the race.\"The only mistake I made all weekend was having a brief moment on lap two, when my brakes weren't fully up to temperature and I locked up into Turn Eight. After that, however, everything was going really well. The car was a dream to drive - I was cruising and still pulling away when I had my problem.\"Nonetheless, we'll have more opportunities in Austin and Sao Paulo. I hope we can get back to the front - I'd love to take a win or two more for McLaren before the end of the season,\" Hamilton, who moves to Mercedes GP next season, said.His teammate Jenson Button drove a safe race and looked good for a podium finish. But Button failed to stop a charging Sebastian Vettel in the closing stages of the race.\"Congratulations to Kimi (Raikkonen) - he's a man of few words, but he's all about racing. He deserved this victory today,\" Button said.\"For me, it was quite a fun race. I had a few good battles out there - with Mark (Webber), Sebastian (Vettel) and Pastor (Maldonado) - and they were particularly good fun. But, unfortunately, I didn't have the pace in the car to take the fight to the leaders today.\"The car felt very different from how it had on Friday - I just couldn't find the grip, which was strange. And, at the end, I couldn't have kept Sebastian back - he was on newer Options (tyres), so it was impossible to get the same amount of traction from my older Primes as he was getting from his newer Options. Lewis's retirement meant we dropped more points to Ferrari in the constructors' world championship. That was a great pity, but we have two big races remaining in which to make up the balance,\" the 2009 world champion said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093089", "title": "'Rally to change grammar of political discourse'", "text": "PATNA: Making a clarion call to the massive crowd at Gandhi Maidan on Sunday, chief minister Nitish Kumar appealed to them to fight for their right and to give him a strong mandate in 2014 so that no government at the Centre could be formed without Bihar's help. \"The government formed at the Centre in 2014 should succumb to our demand for grant of special category status,\" he said at the end of his hourlong speech at the 'Adhikar Rally'.Visibly upbeat over the unprecedented and responsive crowd which spilled onto the roads and streets, Nitish also announced to take the fight to Delhi. \"The fight for the future of Bihar will continue till we achieve our goal,\" he declared amid thunderous applause.Nitish's political vibes at the all-important rally stirred the emotional chord of the people. Earlier at the rally, Sanjay Jha and Ranjan Prasad Yadav , MP, also raised the same issue. Jha said, \"Today Bihar is united on one issue and they all want that no government should be formed at the Centre without Nitish Kumar's support.\" Rally convener Vijay Kumar Choudhary and state JD-U president Vashisht Narayan Singh said with this effort, the distance between Parliament and street would be minimized. Ram Sundar Das, MP, said it was a fight for equality.Whatever be the fallout of the rally, Nitish has succeeded in mobilizing the masses on an economic and social issue which is linked to the future of Biharis. \"This is an announcement to the nation that Bihar has arrived politically and intellectually,\" commented noted social scientist Shaibal Gupta.Gupta said the rally indicated the doggedness of Nitish to pursue an agenda for the first time in the post-independence history that is completely an economic agenda brought in provincial domain without any emotive issue like caste and religion. \"This rally will change the grammar of political discourse and further consolidate the sub-national cohesion,\" he added.The special category status issue did not come all of a sudden. The JD-U started the campaign in 2006 when a unanimous resolution was passed by the state legislature and the party launched a signature campaign in 2011. Later, a memorandum with 1.18 crore signatures was presented to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . The PM had ordered an inter-ministerial group to study the demand but the group, while admitting backwardness of the state, rejected the demand.The JD-U made the rally a prestige issue and the CM took on himself the task to drum public support. He toured 30 districts and addressed workers' meeting there in course of his Adhikar yatra. However, at some places he had to face the ire of some sections of society, like contract teachers who created ruckus at the meetings and indulged in stone throwing at Khagaria. JD-U leaders blamed the opposition for the disturbances, alleging they were inciting people. RJD chief Lalu Prasad had commented that Nitish, in his bid to portray himself as prime ministerial candidate, was holding the rally. Nitish, however was quick to deny this charge saying he was not in race for the top post.\"Nitish has raised a very good cause. Never before, a strong voice such as on Sunday was raised in favour of special status,\" said A N Sinha Institute director D M Diwakar. He said it was a welcome move of the CM to bat for all the backward states who are behind the national average on different human indices. \"It is a good move, even if it has political overtones, that the fight will continue for the just rights,\" he said. Gandhian Razi Ahmad said Patna never saw such a sea of humanity. \"Nitish has shown his strength and succeeded in sending his message to all and sundry, it is altogether another matter what will be the outcome. But the impact may be seen in 2014 and 2015 elections,\" said Ahmad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095034", "title": "IIT-Kharagpur conducted entrepreneurship awareness drive in colleges", "text": "The entrepreneurship cell (E-cell), run by the student community of the Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Kharagpur, conducted the 2012 edition of its onemonth entrepreneurship awareness drive in colleges in 20 cities across the nation in October. The drive involved lectures, workshops, and presentations by industry leaders as well as students.In Delhi, the drive was held at the Faculty of Management Studies (FMS), Delhi University (DU), on October 29, where the campaign created awareness among college students to start their own entrepreneurial ecosystem and develop them. During the drive, the student-members of the E-cell at FMS, in order to promote their entrepreneurial activities, collaborated with the local start-ups and NGOs.Explaining the collaboration, Ankit Singh, MBA (full-time ) student and member of the E-Cell at FMS says, \"During the entrepreneurship drive, students tie up with small and medium local level enterprises for their projects such as online ventures to gain experience in the entrepreneurial space. And in the course of it, students get hands-on experience to apply the management tools of digitised marketing, user sentiment, etc, which they study in the theory of their MBA programme.\"However, he further says that FMS students have an edge over students of other B-schools, as it is located in the centre of north campus, abuzz with student activities. Surrounded by other colleges, it serves as a testing ground for the initial ventures and business models. Based on the feedback of the student community, students get to upgrade the models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096943", "title": "Saying it with sand sculptures", "text": "Art students in Vizag have taken to creating beautiful sand sculptures on the beach road to celebrate everything from patriotism to their favourite pop iconIf you've spent some time at the beach in your childhood, chances are that you've playfully attempted making sand castles. However, art students at Andhra University have taken this beach pastime to a whole new artistic level with their beautiful sand sculptures. In fact, these artistes use their sand sculptures to commemorate important events. While some students made a huge sand sculpture of Michael Jackson on his birthday, they made one of the former AP CM, YSR Rajasekhara Reddy, on his death anniversary. Other popular works included a dedication to Bharat Mata.Speaking to us, Bobbadi Yernendra, a final year art student, says, \"This art form calls for team effort and at least six to seven students are involved in its making. It takes about two days to finish the sculpture. The whole process can be quite laborious.\" With students vying with each other to come up with novel themes, the beach art scene in Vizag is quite a vibrant one. \"Sand sculptures require a lot of concentration and creative thinking as we have to use only sand and water and cannot use other materials to enhance the look,\" explains Devendra, a first year student.While sand sculpture is a challenging art form, sand portraits in particular, require painstaking attention to detail. Rana Naresh, a student of Andhra University, says, \"The surface ground should be hard and we need to ensure that the sand is patted every two minutes till the finish. Our professor Ravi Shankar Patnaik is very helpful and he gives us the right advice to move forward.\"After hours of labour, the sand sculptures are beautiful to look at, but very fragile. Bobbadi Narendra, an artist says, \"It's extremely scary when it rains. Even though we take measures, it's really difficult to save the entire portrait. Sometimes, we have to start everything all over again.\" And the artists don't seem to mind doing it all, for it's after all a labour of love.Next on the pipeline is a tribute to the Father of the Nation. Bobbadi Yernendra, reveals, \"Before we complete our final year course, we are planning to make a huge sand sculpture of Mahatma Gandhi . It will be ready before January 26 to commemorate Republic Day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094814", "title": "No barricades please: Traders", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With traders asking the police not to construct barricades or set up checkposts at the entry and exit points of the Sector 17 market, traffic flow has become smoother. Traders said police barricades create huge rush at the entry and exit points, leading to chaos at the main roads.On Saturday, traders of Sector 17 met police personnel and requested them to avoid barricading the entry and exit points of the market area. J S P Kalra, general secretary of the traders` association of Sector 17 said, \"This mechanism of police watch leads to huge chaos at the main roads. It gets difficult for people to enter and leave the market.\" While traders conceded to the need for more police personnel, they said barricading did not serve the purpose.Traders in Sector 19 are taking up the same course, with members of the traders' association here ready to meet senior police officers in this regard. On their part, police officials said all arrangements would be made in the interest of the public.Jagdish Kapoor, president of Sector 19-D market association said, \"The tendency of the police to set up barricades near entry and exit points of the markets not only leads to traffic snarls but also creates a huge problem for customers. Therefore, we will meet senior police officials on Monday to request them to adopt alternative measures.\"DSP, central division Ashish Kapoor said he understood the problems faced by residents. \"We are aware of the demands of traders and will make public friendly arrangements. There is a huge rush at entry and exit points and we will definitely come up with a way to avoid it.\" The festival season is marked by choked roads and parking lots. So far, neither the police nor parking employees have been able to manage the rush.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094332", "title": "Chef Jacob Sahaya Kumar Aruni dies of heart attack in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: Popular chef Jacob Sahaya Kumar Aruni died of heart attack at a city hospital on Sunday.A resident of Anna Nagar, Jacob was 37 and a bachelor. He was also a successful restaurateur and the host of a cookery show on TV.Jacob is known for exploring south Indian cuisine. Born in a family of doctors, he was inspired by his mother, Vimala Aruni, who was a principal of C S I Jeyaraj Annapackiyam college of nursing, Madurai.He started to cook at the age of 14, and soon inherited the cooking style of his mother. His passion for cooking led him to seek a catering degree after his BSc in Physics from the American College in Madurai. Jacob created a Guinness world record for the longest individual barbecue marathon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093161", "title": "Gehlot pitches for Rahul, steals the show in Delhi", "text": "JAIPUR: The Congress may or may not have benefitted from the mammoth rally organized in New Delhi supporting FDI in the retail sector, but Rajasthan chief minister Ashok Gehlot capitalized on the occasion.The rally proved to be an ideal platform for Gehlot to resurrect his position vis-a-vis the Congress high command. Although there were allegations of \"misuse\" of the state machinery, the state Congress sent a large number of people for the event. And when Gehlot got the opportunity to speak at the rally, he strongly pitched for Rahul Gandhi to take the reins. \"When asked about his religion, Rahul Gandhi had said that the Tricolour was his religion,\" said Gehlot to drive home his point about the secular credentials of the Congress and current torchbearers of the legacy.\"I request Soniaji and Dr Manmohan Singh to assign more responsibility to Rahul Gandhi, whose leadership will guide country's youth to understand the Congress tradition of commitment and sacrifice,\" said Gehlot, while addressing the rally on Sunday. Gehlot said that the country's youth wants to see Rahul Gandhi taking new responsibility. \"Rahul Gandhi has already inspired the youth to join the Congress and has rejuvenated the Youth Congress. Time has come that Rahulji assumes a significant position,\" Gehlot said.Gehlot touched upon several issues but hinged mostly around the sacrifices made by the Gandhi-Nehru family apparently to impress Rahul and Sonia Gandhi , who, till recently, were reportedly not happy about functioning of the government in Rajasthan. \"Few people will refuse to take over as a sarpanch but Soniaji refused the chair of prime minister and asked Dr Manmohan Singh to take over as the prime minister,\" Gehlot recalled. He said that several flagship schemes of the UPA government were launched thanks to the initiatives taken by the coalition's chairperson Sonia Gandhi.Congress insiders believe that the occasion will go a long way in consolidating Gehlot's position, which he required the most, in view of hushed voices of his replacement before the state assembly polls in 2014. Gehlot's adversaries within the Congress are in the anticipation that the Congress leadership might consider his replacement after the assembly polls in Gujarat and Himachal Pradesh. \"The aggression shown by Gehlot in today's speech has belied the speculations about him and his opponents should stop dreaming wild,\" said a Gehlot loyalist, who requested anonymity.Congress high command was earlier not happy about several incidents in the state including the incidents of atrocities against Muslim community and also the poor coordination between the state government and the Congress organization. Gehlot's opponents have launched a sustained campaign against him by giving feedback to the Congress high command for poor performance of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094224", "title": "Film screening enthrals students at Ranchi University", "text": "RANCHI: Students of the department of journalism at Ranchi University were awestruck at their classmates' movie-making skills as short films made by some students were screened at the department on Saturday. The films made by these students tried to encompass the various aspects of society and left the viewers to ponder over the evils of the society and how to overcome it. Head of the department, Sushil Ankan, said: \"This is for the first time in the 25 years of the department that students have made documentary films. It was a wonderful experience for them and also for the department. They did great work without much infrastructure.\"Third semester students made these movies for sending them to the National Junior Film Maker's Festival to be held in Chennai. Ankan said: \"The students made four films each of five to fifteen minutes length and all of them got selected for the festival. The results have not been announced yet, but we are hoping for the best.\" The first movie screened was 'Shobhna' made by Madhu Jha of third semester. Jha said: \"The film is based on the evils of the caste system. It is about a girl who falls in love with a boy from a different caste and when her parents oppose their relationship she decides never to get married.\"Another movie made by one of the students was based on how parents do not let the children take up the career of their choice. Maker of the film 'Aman ki Diary', Santosh Kumar said: \"Usually parents think that there are only two career options for their children, either study engineering or become a doctor. They do not even give their children a chance to choose a career. This film is for all those parents who do not understand what a child is capable of if he is allowed to choose his own path.\"Another heart-wrenching documentary was 'Dekha Zamana Badla Na' based on the sensitive issue of human trafficking in Jharkhand. Maker of the film, Jyoti Kumari said, \"It is a documentary about how girls fall into the traps which lead to human trafficking and what happens to them after that.\"Yet another documentary 'The Willing Victim' explored a different theme. The movie based on a psychotic author sent chills down the spines of the viewers. The central character in the movie is an author who gets into affairs with many girls and after one year writes a story on them and murders them. Maker of the film, Tamer Shahid said, \"There had to be something different and people love thrillers. So I came up with this kind of a script.\"A documentary on the history of Jharkhand movies made by the Ankan was also screened at the department which helped the students know the history of their local cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094971", "title": "Parking crunch: Traders lose sleep", "text": "In a bid to ease traffic bottlenecks considered inevitable during the festival season, members of the Chandigarh Beopar Mandal will submit a request to the UT administration, MC and Chandigarh traffic police to allow parking of vehicles in parking lots of government schools, government offices, community centres and open chunks of land in the evenings. A decision to the effect was taken in the general body meeting of the Chandigarh Beopar Mandal on Thursday.Traders feel lack of parking spaces will have a direct bearing on customers and consequently, on business. They are of the view that temporary measures to provide parking areas will be of great help. Chandigarh Beopar Mandal president Charanjeev Singh said, \"The governing body of the CBM met on Thursday to discuss crucial issues and parking was one of them. We unanimously decided to ask UT, MC and police authorities to open parking lots of government schools, offices, community centres and open spaces for the festival season. Parking premises of these buildings are vacant in the evening, so we feel authorities won't hesitate to grant permission. We have prepared a request representation in this regard.\"General secretary of the Sector 17 Traders' Association J S P Kalra echoed his views. \"We hope authorities will support us because parking is a major problem during the festival season. Traders are making many efforts to provide facilities to the people,\" he said. While parking is a problem in almost every market, the worst affected markets are those in sectors 17, 22, 35, 36, 8, 9, 19, 15, 46, 47, 26 and Manimajra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17094013", "title": "An automobile is stolen every two hours in Gurgaon", "text": "GURGAON: Carjackers are once again keeping the city police on their toes, with 13 vehicles stolen from different areas in the past 24 hours. The missing vehicles include 9 motorcycles, 2 cars, one tractor and canter each. Police have registered different cases and are investigating them.A gang of vehicle thieves, which has been active in Cyber City, is targeting 8-9 vehicles daily.Thieves stole a Tata Safari from Sector 22B on Saturday night. Vinit Kumar, the SUV owner, in his complaint lodged with the police, said that he had parked the car outside his house number as usual, however, when he wake up on Sunday, he was shocked to find it missing.In an another case, Vikas, a resident of Rajiv Nagar, lodged a police complaint %after his Maruti 800 parked outside his house, was %stolen.Vehicles including a Canter, a tractor, several motorcycles were stolen on Saturday night from Baldev Nagar, Palda village, Biswa village, Shivaji Nagar, Jaccubpura near Sadar Bazar, Sector 3 in IMT Manesar, Sector 44, Sector 14.According to a senior police officer, vehicle thieves belonging to different gangs have been arrested in the past, however, they got bail later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17094035", "title": "Further delay in connecting Palamu to Hatia grid", "text": "DALTONGANJ: There is going to be further delay in connecting Palamu to Hatia Grid for power supply. It has already missed the deadline of October 31.In the review meeting of the commissioner, Palamu Swarnaditya Sahay, held here on Saturday, the electricity department, the executing agency and the forest officials set a new deadline of December 31 for connecting Palamu to Hatia Grid for electricity supply.The secretary to Palamu commissioner, Kamal John Lakra, confirmed the news of the extension.Electricity supply from Hatia Grid to Palamu is to come from Lohardaga. \"Out of 179 towers between Lohardaga and Latehar, 159 towers have been erected. Twenty towers are yet to be erected,\" said Lakra.Sources said such a situation arose owing to the forest area where the tower was to be erected. A total of 16 kilometers of forest land is to be used for this.\"In the review meeting, the officials told the commissioner that the state forest department has issued a no objection certificate for erecting power tower in the land of the forest now. Five such towers are to come on this 16 kilometer stretch of the forest land. Ten other towers are to be erected on non-forest land,\" said Lakra.From Latehar to Daltonganj, there is the same problem with erection of tower. Here, the remaining five towers are to be erected. Lakra said there was a hitch in erection of three towers in Daltonganj itself, two at Sudna and one at Nimiya where the local residents were opposing stringing of high-tension wire to cross their piece of land, etc. Twenty towers are to be erected by December 31.Palamu DC Pooja Singhal too has cracked a whip on power engineers and executing agency to achieve the connectivity by December 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17093923", "title": "Cheaper land for substation", "text": "NOIDA: The Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority (YEIDA) and Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) have finally reached an agreement regarding the price of land for setting up the proposed 765KV substation. Land would now be made available for the project at a rate of Rs 2,500 per sqm to the power corporation. Earlier, UPPCL had expressed its inability to pay the high costs for the land as demanded by the Authority in September citing financial constraints.The agreement was reached in a meeting of senior officials of the power corporation in Noida last week. The infrastructure and industrial development commissioner of UP, Anil Kumar Gupta, who is also the chairperson of UPPCL, had chaired the meeting.In September, YEIDA had demanded Rs 158.66 crore at a rate of Rs 4,100 per sqm from the transmission wing of the power corporation for the 30 hectares of land identified for setting up the substation. This included Rs 124.44 crore as total cost of the land and 27.5% of this cost was supposed to be a one-time lease rent. The plot is located in Sector 9 in YEIDA township.UPPCL officials said that power tariff for consumers in the future is not expected to be pegged at a higher level now that land for the substation is made available to it at a marginally lower cost. \"Construction work would begin soon. The project would be completed well in time to meet foreseeable demand in the future,\" he added.The 765KV substation is part of a transmission network project undertaken by UPPCL to enhance power distribution to townships and residential projects in progress in Noida, Greater Noida and along the Yamuna Expressway. It is to be built in a public-private-partnership (PPP) model between the Western UP Power Transmission Corporation Limited and Cobra MELI consortium. Two 400KV substations in Sectors 123 and 148 of Noida form the other infrastructure components of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093688", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be defensive, Sonia tells Congress cadre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Ramlila Maidan mega show only stoked the buzz about Rahul taking the reins as he took the mike before PM Manmohan Singh and party chief Sonia Gandhi.Ahead of moving up the line of succession, Rahul Gandhi blamed the ills of corruption and malgovernance on the system and positioned himself as the agent of change in the musty Delhi durbar, playing the quintessential outsider to free himself of the baggage of eight years of UPA.\"The political system is the biggest problem, its doors are closed for the common man, the weak. The closed system hurts the youth dreams but the system trips him,\" Rahul said on Sunday.Coming from an influential member of the ruling establishment and someone about to be designated as the party No. 2, the assault on the system may have sounded clever. If audacious, the manoeuvre appeared well-considered. Blaming UPA's bugbears on the system and the toll it takes on the youth appeared part of the project to ease into the role of GenNext icon. Drawing the big picture of the \"system\" helps avoid being entangled in the nitty gritties of 2G-Coalgate-CWG minefield while the focus on future equips him with the readymade slogan for 2014 as PM candidate.It seeks to secure a clean slate despite eight years on the treasury benches.Rahul seems to have put his finger on how to distance his leadership from UPA's negatives while retaining the advantage as \"outsider-activist\". The success of the strategy would depend on multiple factors, especially how Congress tackles the economy and graft. But undeterred by the challenges ahead, Rahul kept focus on his future vision while the atmospherics of the rally appeared to be the red carpet for his ascent \u00e2\u20ac\u201d he spoke ahead of all, gave the strongest backing to reforms like FDI , and even delineated his \"dil ki baat\" from the PM, who he said will \"talk about economic challenges\".The young leader did not appear reluctant, something that pleasantly surprised partymen who were apprehensive in the aftermath of a disastrous UP campaign, scams and economic mess.Evidence: he patronizingly addressed organizational czars and young Union ministers, \"You are tired of this system, I know you want to change the system. I am with you.\"Confident of his tack, he moved a step further to even attack the BJP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d painting its graft war as episodic that ran contrary to his grand theme of system. \"The opposition raises the issue of corruption but has any opposition leader spoken about changing the system,\" he asked.Chiding the opposition for graft may sound incredulous but party quarters are confident the BJP cannot sustain a Congress-centric campaign on graft, their belief bolstered by exposes on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business and civil society's accusation that the NDA regime granted sweetheart deals to Reliance. BJP has distanced itself from India Against Corruption after being a votary earlier.There has not been much change from Rahul's early days when he pitched for the \"bouquet approach\" of economic reforms along with social welfare. On Sunday, he vouched for FDI, while saying that growth will fund welfare programmes like MGNREGA and loan waiver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093652", "title": "Woman alleges kidnapping over property dispute", "text": "NAGPUR: A 35-year-old woman has alleged that she was kidnapped by eight people including two women over a property dispute. Gorewada resident Ranjana Nagrale, who was brought to the city from Chennai railway station by Dhantoli police, claimed that she was abducted a day before a court hearing about the dispute.Nagrale owned an 8.5 acre land in Tembri village in Borkhedi. Police said that since a few years, Nagrale had a dispute with her aunt Suryakanta Lokhare. She claimed that Lokhare wanted to sell half the land to one Umardaraz Khan. However, Nagrale was against the deal. The two have been fighting a legal battle over the issue in the district court since some months. Nagrale also claimed that Khan wanted to buy her share of the land.On October 31, Nagrale and her mother were to remain present in the court for a hearing in the case. Nagrale said that if she and her mother had given their statement in the court, Lokhare would not be able to sell the portion of land to Khan. She added that Khan also wanted to buy the other portion of the land owned by Nagrale.Nagrale told police that she was kidnapped on October 30 evening while returning home from her mother's house. She said that she took an autorickshaw for Sitabuldi from Chhatrapati Square. On the way, two youths stopped the auto at Ajni Square. One of the youths shared the driver's seat while the other sat besides her.They told the driver to take the vehicle to Ashirwad Talkies Square.Nagrale said that she tried to raise an alarm but was threatened. On reaching Ashirwad Talkies Square, two other men came to her and said that they would take her to Lokhare's house. \"However, they took me in a van on Wardha Road. The abductors threatened me and took away my cell phone,\" said Nagrale.She claims that she was taken to Chennai. However, she kept her daughter Deeksha updated about her status from her other cellphone, which she had hidden from her abductors.Meanwhile, in Nagpur, Nagrale's family members lodged a missing person complaint at Dhantoli police station. Her son Rajat claimed after getting the first all from her mother, he immediately informed police but they didn't acted swiftly.On Friday, two women came into Nagrale's hotel room in Chennai and told her that they would take her to Nagpur. At the railway station, while the women were buying food, Nagrale slipped away and approached the railway police who then helped her to contact her family and also informed Dhantoli police. On Saturday evening, Nagrale was brought to the city.A case has been registered against Umardaraj Khan and six others including two women. Khan was arrested on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17092891", "title": "Controversy in Nationals as Nanao is adjudged best boxer", "text": "HYDERABAD: Railways had the last laugh at the expense of Services for the second consecutive year. They had garnered 37 points last year to pip Services by a point and repeated the feat to win the overall championship in the 59th Senior National Boxing on Sunday with a tally of 43 points.What dealt a body blow to Services' chances was middleweight (75kg) Jaideep's shock 13-17 defeat to Sukhdeep Singh of Punjab.Dilbag Singh of Railways, meanwhile, remained unchallenged yet again as he won his ninth national title with a comfortable 14-6 victory over Naveen of Haryana in the welterweight (69kg) final.Flush with success, Dilbag turned his attention to the Worlds. \"Now my focus is on the World Championships. I have been boxing for over two decades and I badly need a good international title,\" said Dilbag, who has always disappointed at the international level.Light flyweight pugilist Nanao Singh of Services won his third national title with a 18-15 victory over Amandeep of Railways. Despite the margin being just three points, Nanao was in control for the duration of the bout. \"It was not tough at all. I am extremely happy since I won all three times that I competed at the nationals,\" Nanao said.Later, Nanao was declared the 'best boxer of championship' after a dramatic turn of events. Though Sauban Santosh was declared the best boxer initially, the verdict was changed after a federation official intervened and stopped the chief guest from handing over the trophy to Santosh! Nanao then received the honour.Santosh, though, has reason to be happy after winning his first senior national title. The Army boxer, who failed to find a place in the Services team, represented Manipur. He was too good for Durga Rao of Karnataka in the bantamweight (56kg) final. Santosh began with a 6-3 lead in the first round.After being on the defensive in the first round, he opened up in the second. Both boxers secured four points each in the second. Santosh was more aggressive in the third and bagged four points with his left jab. Totally outclassed, Rao lost 15-9 and was adjudged the best loser for the second successive year.The results (all finals):Light flyweight (46-49kg): T. Nanao Singh (SSCB) bt Amandeep Singh (RSPB) 18-15. Flyweight (52kg): Madan Lal (SSCB) bt Gaurav Bidhuri (Del) 21-11. Bantamweight (56kg): Sauban Santosh Singh (Man) bt V. Durga Rao (Kar) 15-9. Lightweight (60kg): Vikash (RSPB) bt Neeraj Goyat (Tri) 17-10. Light welterweight (64 kg): Mandeep (RSPB) bt Manish Pawar (Del) 11-3. Welterweight (69kg): Dilbag Singh (RSPB) bt Naveen (Har) 14-6. Middleweight (75kg): Sukhdeep Singh (Pun) bt Jaideep (SSCB) 17-13. Light heavyweight (81kg): Rahul Kumar (MP) bt Jagroop (Pun) 21-10. Heavyweight (91kg): Manpreet Singh (SSCB) bt Samrat (Mah) 17-8. Super heavyweight (91 kg+): Satish Kumar (RSPB) bt Praveen Kumar (SSCB). 10-7 Best Boxer: Nanao Singh. Best loser: V Durga Rao. Promising boxer: K Sagar (AP).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17094470", "title": "Sirumugai celebrates national award to two of its weavers", "text": "COIMBATORE: Here's some news to cheer handloom workers who are reeling under the escalating costs of raw materials and low wages. Two weavers from Sirumugai village near Mettupalayam, 65km away from Coimbatore, have won the prestigious national award for weaving and will receive the award from President Pranab Mukherjee next Friday.Weavers V Gunasekaran and N Tyagarajan, who will leave for Delhi on Monday morning with their unique weaves, feel the award is recognition for the traditional weaving community of Sirumugai and neighbouring villages. Gunasekharan, 55, considers the award for the blue kora cotton sari he wove as recognition for 40 years of hard work.The judging committee found the sari an exceptional work with its embossed stars and diamond designs making it a unique piece of art. The floral motifs in the sari and its maroon silk borders also won the appreciation of the jury. Gunasekaran belongs to Moolathurai village in Sirumugai.In the nearby Alangombu village, weaver N Tyagarajan is equally happy with the recognition. Thiraiseelai, a wall hanging he prepared in pure silk, won the national award after competing with entries from across the country. The wall hanging has a central tree motif. Faces of 10 eminent national leaders are etched on its branches and Asoka Chakra motifs make for the borders. \"I have been weaving for the last quarter century. This is indeed an occasion to celebrate,'' he said. Tyagarajan, who is always game for innovations in his weaves, have even designed special saris with couplets from Thirukural and other ancient Tamil texts.Both Tyagarajan and Gunasekaran are members of a 529-member strong Alangombu Devanga Handloom Weaver's Co-operative Society in Sirumugai. The society supplies the raw material, such as cotton and silk threads to the weavers, who in turn weave the saris. \"It's a proud moment as the designs have made it to the top from hundreds of entries,\" says R Chandrasekaran, manager of the society. \"Every year, about 500 different designs are sent to the Weavers Service Centre in Chennai. They shortlist about 10 designs, and send them to the office in Delhi, where they select the winning design,\" he added.\"When compared to powerlooms, handlooms involve lot of labour. We work for about 16 hours daily to create exceptional works and the burden is often shared by our parents, sisters, life partners and even children above the age of 18,'' says Gunasekaran. The work demands immense concentration as a single mistake would mar the design and the product, he added.The award-winning wall hanging of Tyagarajan has faces of national leaders, Mahatma Gandhi, Balagangadhara Tilak, Khan Abdul Ghaffer Khan, Jawaharlal Nehru , Lal Bahadur Shastri, Netaji Subhash Chandra Bose, Bhagat Singh, S Radhakrishnan, Indira Gandhi and Rajeev Gandhi.Chandrasekaran says a weaver weaves about 10 saris in a month and gets approximately Rs 6,000 as wages. The society provides pension and provides a number of security, savings and health schemes for the members. He hopes the award will spur youngsters in the community to take up weaving.Tyagarajan has won the award for 2009 while Gunasekaran is the winner for 2010. Both awards were announced together this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17094291", "title": "Ex-cricketer booked for dowry torture", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Odisha cricketer, Sanjay Satpathy (33), found himself on a sticky wicket on Sunday after Mahila police station registered a case against him for allegedly torturing his wife for dowry.Sanjay, who had made a mark in first-class cricket by his right arm off-break bowling, was yet to be arrested till evening. Police, who booked him on several charges following a complaint by his wife Swapna, a civil engineer by profession, said Sanjay was absconding.\"We raided his rented house in Bhubaneswar and paternal residence at Rupadeipur near Pipili, but both the houses were found locked. He and his family members are untraceable,\" Mahila police station officer in-charge Anita Pradhan said. \"We are not able to establish contact with them because their mobile phones are switched off,\" Pradhan said.Swapna's mother Swarnalata Upadhyay said Sanjay and his family members had been torturing her for dowry ever since the couple's arranged marriage in February 2011. \"Sanjay threw my daughter out of their house on October 23. He even forcibly kept my daughter's 11-month-old son with him,\" Swarnalata said. \"We had approached the Mahila police on Saturday. Sanjay's elder brother assured us that he would hand over the child to Swapna the next day. But we waited for hours together, but did not turn up,\" she added.Sanjay, who debuted in Ranji Trophy against Maharashtra in 1995-96, rubbished the allegation of dowry torture. \"Neither me nor my family demanded dowry from her. None in my family beat her either. The accusations are baseless,\" he told TOI over phone from an unknown location. He refused to divulge the cause of discord between him and Swapna, saying \"it's purely personal.\"Police said there was little opportunity of counseling the couple before registration of the case. \"We did not get a chance to counsel the couple because Swapna was hell bent on seeing him behind bars,\" the Mahila police station OIC said.Sanjay's elder brother and mother, who she had accused of torture, were not available for comments. Sanjay's mother was operated upon for a stomach ailment on Saturday.Sanjay had bagged 208 scalps in 63 first-class matches called a day to cricket nearly three years ago. He works in a leading telecom service provider in Bhubaneswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093684", "title": "Biometric attendance for Delhi University teachers", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's executive council has authorized the vice-chancellor to implement the biometric attendance system for the teachers.Although the university had already implemented the biometric attendance system for the non-teaching staff, the proposal for doing the same for the teachers, floated in 2009, met with an opposition from the teachers and had to be put on the backburner.On Saturday, the highest decision-making body of the university discussed the issue and passed a resolution allowing the VC to decide on the implementation of the new system.The attendance issue had come up for hearing in the Delhi high court earlier in September. DU assured the court that it would \"expeditiously\" adopt and implement the biometric attendance system for the teachers to ensure punctuality. Following the assurance, the court disposed of a PIL seeking the same, filed by an organization called Indian Council of Legal Aid and Advice in August.Meanwhile, a section of teachers belonging to the Academics for Action and Development group appealed to the VC not to go ahead with the new system, saying this will be the beginning of an era of slavery for the teaching community where the teachers will be targeted and hounded by the heads and the principals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093114", "title": "Rally a huge hit on internet", "text": "PATNA: More than 88,000 people across the world watched the Adhikar Rally live on the webcast on Sunday since 11am till it ended. Biharis settled in the US, the UK, Australia and other Asian countries watched and listened to the speeches of JD-U leaders by clicking biharadhikarrally.com. There were 88,595 hits on the website till 3pm.The website was created by the party with the help of IT software engineers from Pune, Delhi and Patna who worked together for a month to ensure the maximum coverage of the rally.JD-U MLA from Tarapur, Neeta Chaudhary, was overwhelmed when her software engineer son Mukul Bhaskar called her from Melbourne to congratulate her on the rally success. \"I received his call when I was sitting on the dais. He told me that his friends in Melbourne were excited to see the huge crowd at the rally,\" Chaudhary said.Several people thanked the party for webcasting the show. \"We are thankful to the efforts of the organizers who made it possible for us to see and listen to the leaders live on the net,\" said Rahul from Texas.The man behind the show was JD-U leader Sanjay Jha. \"It had a huge impact,\" he said. \"We normally consider a website popular with 5,000-10,000 hits. But the figure was unprecedented. It shows Biharis' emotional attachment to their state,\" he added.But a large number of people in Bihar and Jharkhand who tried to watch the rally live on their computer screens and laptops were disappointed due to error in the network. \"We tried our best to connect it at least a dozen times but failed. There was some problem in the network. Finally, we switched over to local TV channels,\" says Manoj Kumar of SK Puri. \"Though the quality of webcasting was poor and sometime it got disconnected, it did not deter the people at far off places from watching it,\" said Anup Kumar from Mumbai.\"When I clicked the website at around 11am the speech of Bihar JD-U president Vasisth Narain Singh got disconnected several times. It also happened during the speeches of the party's national general secretary and former bureaucrat RCP Singh, WRD minister Vijay Kumar Chowdhary and Bhojpuri singer Manoj Tiwary ,\" said Sangeeta from Ranchi. It must be a local network problem, said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093649", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to build weir on Kanhan river", "text": "NAGPUR: Civic agency Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has initiated the process of building a weir (small barrier to stop water flow) on Kanhan river near the railway bridge towards the Kolar side. The weir is expected to ensure round the clock water availability to the 240 million litre per day (MLD) Kanhan water treatment plant (WTP).The new Kanhan WTP was built to improve the water supply to east and north Nagpur. But, the river has the capacity to supply 240 MLD to the plant only during the rainy season. In summer, the plant pumps only 160 MLD. Moreover, as Kanhan river goes dry in summer and NMC has to release water from Navegaon Khairi dam into it. Since there is no mechanism to block the water, a lot of the water flows downstream, and goes waste.A Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) official told TOI that the civic body had asked water resources department (WRD) to suggest the best location for the weir. \"A meeting was held nine days ago in which WRD officials proposed two locations. One was towards Kolar side of the bridge (upstream) while the other was downstream of the treatment plant.\"We asked WRD to finalize the upstream location as the weir would get strong foundation on the river bed. On the other hand the downstream location has 60 feet sand and hence the cost would be far higher. Moreover, due to the weir the columns of the railway and road bridges would get submerged to a substantial level during rains. The water from the upstream weir to the WTP would be transported by pipelines,\" he said.The official said that WRD will prepare a design of the weir and would submit it soon. \"Then we will prepare the estimate and send it to either the House or standing committee for approval. The work would be carried out by NMC under WRD's supervision,\" he said.After Jamghat dam and Kochi barrage is constructed, there will be regulated flow of water from Kochi into Kanhan. The weir will help NMC in utilizing the flow fully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094012", "title": "National Green Tribunal raps Goa state pollution control board, Goa coastal zone management authority for arbitrariness", "text": "PANAJI: In an order against Goa state pollution control board (GSPCB) and Goa coastal zone management authority (GCZMA), the National Green Tribunal (NGT) has directed the two bodies to pay 10,000 each to a hotel owner for revoking the permission arbitrarily and in violation of principles of natural justice.The appeal, filed by Joseph Coutinho, had challenged the directions dated April 12, 2012, issued by the GSPCB under Section 33A of the Water (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1974, and under Section 31 of the Air (Prevention and Control of Pollution) Act, 1981, revoking consent to operate and further directed the appellant to stop business activities forthwith and report compliance within a period of seven days.In its order, the tribunal observed 'GSPCB, who on being satisfied, issued consent to operate order dated February 24, 2012, had no reason to cancel the same but has acted pursuant to the directions of the GCZMA. The GSPCB has not only violated the principles of natural justice in passing the order but was also arbitrary. It is pertinent to point out that the GSPCB was not the authority to decide the legality or otherwise of the structure of the appellant. The fact that the GCZMA had received a complaint against the appellant cannot by itself vest an authority or power on GCZMA to issue such a direction as found in its letter dated March 3, 2012, to GSPCB'.While stating that the order was an outcome of the non-application of mind and the mechanical approach of the GSPCB, the GCZMA as a statutory authority, despite service of notice a number of times did 'not cared to appear'. 'The GCZMA cannot have any reason for non-appearance. It is a statutory body which is expected to strictly apply and follow law. Having issued directions to the GSPCB arbitrarily to cause consent to operate order in abeyance, that too after number of months of show cause notice, the non-appearance of the GCZMA before the tribunal would show its reluctance, carelessness and the recalcitrant attitude of the officials of the GCZMA which has got to be viewed seriously,' order stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093653", "title": "Ex-CBI chief's house robbed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Robbers targeted former CBI director Joginder Singh's flat on Saturday night and decamped with valuables, police said.Officials said Singh has two flats on the same floor in Nav Sansad Vivar apartment in Dwarka and while he and his wife live in one, the other is for the guests. Speaking to TOI, Singh said, \"Generally we have a maid staying there but she was on two days leave.\"Cops said the assailants entered the empty flat during the night and ransacked it. They had locked Singh's flat from outside. On Sunday morning, Singh's wife discovered that the door was locked. Around 8am when their driver came home, he opened the door. They saw that the door of the opposite flat was broken. The police suspect an inside role as the thieves had a fair idea about the flat being empty and Singh living in the opposite flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093476", "title": "Jhabua is smoke-free district", "text": "INDORE: With the efforts of the district administration and support of NGOs, Jhabua was declared a smoke-free district on Sunday. Jhabua collector Dr Jayshree Kiyawat declared it smoke-free. It is the fourth district after Dhar to have been declared smoke-free. Earlier, Dhar, Khargone, Alirajpur were declared smoke-free. Bloomberg Foundation had given funds to the division for making it smoke-free.Mukesh Sinha, executive director, Madhya Pradesh Voluntary Health Association (MPVHA), said, \"We have considered the parameters prescribed by the WHO and conducted a study in Jhabua district. We have got good result during the survey, which satisfies the criteria to declare it smoke-free.\"Prohibition of Smoking in Public Places: Section 4 of COTPA prohibits smoking in public places including workplaces, offices (government and private), public buildings, educational institutions hotels , restaurants and bars, etc. Under the Act, Government of India has notified the smoke-free rules which came into effect from October 2, 2008. Any person found smoking in a public place is liable to pay a fine of up to Rs 200.From October 9 to 17, a survey was conducted by an independent agency Indore School of Social Work, Indore ( ISSW) in 500 public places of 6 blocks of the district. Observational and cross sectional study was conducted to ascertain the compliance of COTPA after which Jhabua was declared smoke-free.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17093402", "title": "Increase in use of land for residential purposes", "text": "VARANASI: The pattern in the city Master Plan-2011 revealed that there is considerable increase in the use of residential land, which account for almost 52% of the total. This increase would be due to pressing demand for residential purposes.The industrial area constitute 3.66% of total land use, which has been drastically reduced by almost 46%.The city development plan prepared under Jawaharlal Nehru National Renewal Mission (JNNURM) states that industrial and commercial land use together account for marginally over 7% of the total and far below compared to other cities like Haridwar (12.2%), Agra (15.9%) and other industrialized cities (11%).The total area under tourism/heritage is at alarmingly low (less than 3%), compared to other cities where it is 6%. Besides, there is also reduction in the agricultural land use, which depicts that rural agricultural land on the fringe and suburbs are gradually being used for building new colonies.The Varanasi Development area has been broadly divided into two zones - Zone A and Zone B. Zone A lies on the left side of Ganga (areas like BHU, Varanasi Municipal area) and Zone B along the right bank (areas like Ramnagar and Mughalsarai).The master plan has been prepared for zone A. As per the plan, total area under planning was 14494.40 hectors for 1991. Out of the total, the developed area was 11662.34 ha (80%) and remaining 20% area was under agricultural belt around the city. Out of the total developed area, residential use constitutes maximum 38%, followed by parks and playgrounds, which constitute 19%.The Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) prepared Master Plan 2011 for the future development of the city, which states that total area will increase from 14494.40 ha to 17927.22 ha. This increase is nominal at 23.68% compared to pervious master plan.Over a period of time, with the inclusion of a large number of villages and urban settlement, the city development has resulted in irregularly shaped built-up areas along peripheries of the central areas.With the influx of population, the city has developed naturally over a period of time resulting in haphazard development. The first development plan was prepared in 1948 by the Improvement Trust of Varanasi, which was revised and approved in 1973 on the basis of extended areas in 1958. Preparation of Master Plan-2011 started in 1988.It was sanctioned in 2001. The city is expanding beyond central area. The municipal city limits have been extended as and when the need was felt to regulate the extensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093190", "title": "Will Nitish's visit boost Biharis in Pakistan?", "text": "PATNA: Punjabi folk singers lined the road, performed bhangra on dhol beats to welcome then Punjab chief minister Amarinder Singh to the Pakistani side of the land of five rivers in January 2004. Amarinder was overwhelmed and described his journey to Lahore a pilgrimage, as the city \"is a central pillar in the edifice of the composite Punjabi culture\". His engagements in Pakistan for the next few days were imbued with deep commitment to the promotion of divided Punjab's shared heritage.Over eight years later, Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar would take the same route to Pakistan for a five-day visit. Like Amarinder, he may not feel as much culturally at home elsewhere in Pakistan, but parts of its economic hub of Karachi would be an exception. The city has a sizable Bihari population that had retained its distinct identity despite being clubbed with ethnic Urdu-speakers of the Sindh province and its capital Karachi.Abdul Kadir Khanzada, who represents Orangi Town in Pakistan's parliament, said he would like to welcome Nitish to his constituency, where a majority of over a million people have their roots in Bihar. \"Though my family came from Alwar in Rajputana (Rajasthan) but 70% of my voters are those with roots in Bihar, who would relate to the chief minister's visit,\" he told TOI from Karachi, which the CM would visit as part of his itinerary.He said his party had always supported peace process with India and hoped Nitish's visit would boost the ties. \"I would speak to my leader in parliament, Farooq Sattar, and see whether we could invite Nitish Kumar to connect with people who have roots in his state.\"Biharis have enriched Karachi's cosmopolitan culture and their imprint on the city is perhaps best reflected in making famed Bihari kebabs an integral part of its culinary attractions.The place where the early immigrants from Bihar settled after the Partition is still known as Bihar colony in Karachi's Layari Town. Mostly well-off immigrants managed to reach Karachi, then Pakistani capital, following riots in Bihar in the run up to the partition and the rest of about three million found it easier to crossover to then East Pakistan - Bangladesh. Around 163,000 of them were repatriated to Pakistan in 70s and 80s after Bangladesh's liberation as they were accused of being collaborators, targeted and faced linguistic discrimination.Most repatriated Biharis were settled in Orangi Town. Nearly 800,000 Biharis had declared themselves as Pakistanis after the 71 liberation and most had sought to settle in Pakistan.The repatriation of Biharis to Pakistan was stopped in the 80s after bloody ethnic riots over it that further tilted the politico-ethnic balance in favour of Karachi's dominant Urdu-speaking people and Mutthida Quami Movement, the country's third largest party representing them.The process started briefly in the 1990s when 321 Biharis were brought to Pakistan on the condition that they would settle in Punjab. A Bihari colony was set up for them 370-km from Islamabad at Mian Channu in Punjab's Khanewal district. Successive Pakistani governments have since gone back on their promise to bring back an estimated 300,000 million Biharis, also known as stranded Pakistanis, who live in 66 camps without citizenship rights in Bangladesh.A recent report in a Gulf paper highlighted the miserable condition of Mian Channu's Pakistani Biharis, who along with their brethren in Bangladesh represent the horrors of the double partition that they faced while other communities uprooted in the aftermath of the 1947 division have prospered and moved on.The report cited the plight of 60-year-old Manzar Husain, who arrived in Mian Channu in 1993, leaving behind his 6-year-old daughter, now a mother of three. He expected her to be on the next flight to Pakistan, but that was not to be and has not since seen her. Further repatriation was halted and Husain has lost all hopes of seeing his daughter and grandchildren.The National reported that Mian Channu's Bihari colony is now a slum and Punjabis now occupy most of the two-room apartments constructed for Biharis.But Kamran Asdar Ali, a US-based Pakistani academic whose parents had migrated from Bihar, argued that the community is very diverse in Pakistan. \"... Biharis in Pakistan are in all walks of life, from the most wealthy and influential to the most- lowly urban poor, much like in India. Biharis are in the Indian Civil service or are getting admission to St Stephens College, but then there are the rickshaw drivers in Kolkata and the migrant labour in Mumbai. Same in Pakistan.\"Scholar and anti-colonial activist Eqbal Ahmad, who was born in Bihar's Sasaram, was among the prominent Pakistani-Biharis, who earned international acclaim.Ali said Biharis have been given a \"politically available identity of being Mohajir\", which, he added, \"by all means is a constructed ethnicity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a family that migrated from Madras or Bombay is also Mohajir and those who migrated from Bihar or UP are also Mohajirs\".But Bihari Quami Movement was formed a few years earlier in Karachi, which is perhaps indicative of the community's attempt to assert its separate identity.The academic said most Pakistani-Biharis may not know about Nitish, his visit and what he has done in Bihar. \"But his coming to Pakistan may change that.\"It could also reinforce another shared heritage in the public consciousness of India and Pakistan having more in common than what divides them to further cement the bilateral engagement that now seems to be looking up again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17093930", "title": "Elevated road: Delhi govt No-Objection Certificate sought", "text": "NOIDA: Taking a step further in finalizing the city's first elevated ring road project, the Noida Authority has now sent a request to the Delhi government for a 'No-Objection Certificate'. Having selected the developer for the project in September this year, the Authority is likely to finalize the design and estimate once they receive a formal okay from Delhi.Once the project receives the all-clear, the proposed 5.8km elevated road, which will start from the Chilla regulator near Sector 14A and go up till the Master Plan Road-III, will not just decongest Noida, but also reduce driving time into Delhi, Faridabad and Ghaziabad. The road will be constructed on stilts and each of the carriageways will be of three lanes on either side. \"With this new road in place, seamless traffic movement to and from Noida and Delhi will be possible. The aim is to decongest the city, provide a corridor for free flow of traffic and save time for commuters,\" said an official from Noida Authority.\"With Noida caught in a continuous traffic jam due the ever increasing vehicle density, the city desperately needs major traffic solutions. This proposed road will bring great relief for commuters as it will reduce the traffic burden on roads of Sectors 14, 14A, 15, 15A, 17, 18, 38A, 94 and 95 besides Kalindi Kunj,\" the official said. A smoother access will also be provided to Jhundpura via the Udyog Marg, crossing of Sectors 12-22 and 56 on the Master Plan-I road and the Noida-Greater Expressway via the Master Plan-II road,\" he said.In addition, it will provide an option for constructing a ring road and bypass around Noida. Once the design and feasibility reports come in, Noida engineers will work out dedicated exit/entry points along the route. \"Existing roads will have to be integrated as well as widened as per the new alignment, while slip roads will be constructed wherever required,\" an official said.According to officials, once the blueprint is drawn and the details finalized, the project is expected to be completed within 30 months from the date of commencement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17094631", "title": "Govt tenders above Rs 25L to take the e-route", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Finally, e-governance is all set to make its presence felt in government departments and public sector units in the state. All departments and PSUs under the state government will switch to the 'e-tendering' mechanism for inviting tenders worth above Rs 25 lakh by March 31. According to a government order in this regard, the decision to introduce e-tendering mechanism in all government departments, PSUs and boards was taken to ensure more transparency, efficiency and real time monitoring facility in all public procurement activities.State government had introduced e-tendering in certain government departments, including public works department and KSRTC on pilot basis in 2011. The success of the e-tendering mechanism in the initial phase has prompted the government to use the system in a massive manner in all government departments and enterprises.As on September 30, 2012 as many as 356 online tenders were published in Kerala e-government procurement website and training has been given to over 1,000 users from various government departments, boards and PSUs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093265", "title": "Robbery, murder suspect arrested after three years", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Saturday arrested a suspect in connection with a robbery and murder at a courier firm in Raviwar Peth in 2009.Samir alias Babulal Badshah Mujawar (31), who hails from Bijapur, Karnataka, was untraceable for three years. He was staying in Thane, police said.He had recently been staying in Thane. An anti-dacoity cell team led by inspector Satish Govekar arrested Mujawar from Yerawada.According to the police, on September 26, Mujawar and other members of Sadashiv Krishna Shetty's gang attempted to rob a courier firm (Angadiya)called Patel Ishwarlal Bechardas and Co, located on the ground floor of the Tayabia complex in Raviwar Peth.The gang had shot dead proprietor Dilip Gujjar (34) of Ganesh Peth and had robbed a customer of Rs 14,900 and a cellphone. They were unable to steal any money from the shop after facing resistance from the staff. Gujjar's employee Kanjibhai Desai (38) had also sustained bullet injuries.In October 2009, the crime branch had arrested four members of the gang for their alleged involvement in the robbery and Gujjar's murder. A crime branch team also shot down Shetty near Chandni Chowk on October 6, 2009.Govekar told TOI that Mujawar had been untraceable since then. \"We received a tip-off on Saturday that Mujawar was standing outside a restaurant in Yerawada. We laid a trap and nabbed him,\" he said.Govekar added that Mujawar has nine cases of robberies at courier firms and banks in Mumbai, Thane, Kolhapur, Surat, Navsari and Ahmedabad registered against him.The investigating team comprised police constables Raghunath More, Nasir Petel, Vilas Palande, Pradip Shitole and Vinod Salunkhe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093709", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation slaps a fine of Rs 50,000 on Suretech hospital", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur Municipal Corporation's (NMC) health department, on Saturday, slapped Rs50,000 fine on Suretech Hospital, Dhantoli, for mentioning dengue as cause of death in the death certificate of a young woman even though the patient was declared brought dead on admission.Deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir said, Swati Meshram (25), a resident of Kalpana Nagar had died on Thursday night. Dr Nirmal Jaiswal of the Suretech Hospital has stated in Meshram's death certificate that she suffered cardio-respiratory failure due to dengue fever and fulminant hepatitis C.Dr Ganvir clarified that she had been undergoing treatment in Orthonowa Critical Care in Gandhibagh for the last few days. After her condition deteriorated, Meshram was referred to Suretech Hospital. \"She was declared dead on admission,\" claimed Dr Ganvir.Dr Ganvir said that despite knowing this, the doctor at the hospital issued a death certificate which stated that Swati Meshram had died of dengue. Taking serious cognisance of this lapse, the health department on Saturday slapped a fine of Rs50,000 on the hospital.\"The patient was not admitted to our hospital and she was in a very bad condition when she was brought in. When she was wheeled into the OPD, she was breathless and our doctors tried to revive her for half an hour, after which she was declared dead. The family had also brought along a report from a private lab mentioning that the patient was NS1 dengue pre-active. This indicates that she had dengue when she was brought to us. We were also told that she was undergoing treatment at two different hospitals before coming here. So, the duty of cautioning NMC was of those hospitals,\" said the medical administrator of the hospital Dr Hema Dhoble.She also said that the hospital has already sent the mentioned report to NMC's Dr Urkude and had also informed deputy director of health services on Friday.Other private hospitals will also invite similar action if they create false reports about the vector-borne disease, warned Dr Ganvir. He claimed that so far NMC health department squads have surveyed over 1.97 lakh houses in its ongoing drive against dengue that began on October 29. And in last five days, the squads have come across 11,480 houses where they found that the surroundings were apt for Aedes Aegypti to breed.In October, out of 213 suspected patients, 35 tested positive for dengue. As a part of its precautionary drive, the department is set to start the second round of fogging operations across the city, informed Dr Ganvir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094987", "title": "Children hold the key to recent crimes", "text": "The testimonies of children hold the key to unlock three heinous crimes that rocked Tricity in the recent past.The testimony of Krish, seven \u00e2\u20ac\u201d son of deceased schoolteacher Monica Goyal of Sector 21 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be a vital evidence in deciding his father Vikas Goyal's and grandparents' fates. They are all facing murder allegations.In another murder case of Harpreet Kaur, who was found murdered in her Mohali Phase X house three days ago, her six-year-old son Karanveer is the sole witness in the case. Harpreet's parents alleged that her husband Rahul Saini had killed her.Besides, the declaration of two children of Mamta of Sector 41, who was reportedly murdered by her husband and his friend, will also be recorded for establishing the circumstances under which she was \"murdered\" on October 27. SHO of Sector 19 police station inspector Harjeet Kaur said, \"Krish is an important witness in the death case of Monica. His testimony is important because her parents are alleging that she was murdered. Krish's statement will be recorded by a psychiatrist.\" Karanveer was present in the house when Saini had reportedly strangulated Harpreet with a \"dupatta\" and escaped along with him to Ludhiana on October 28.Mohali SSP Gurpreet Singh Bhullar said, \"Karanveer's testimony indicates the involvement of Saini in the murder. Harpreet's mother-in-law, Neelam Devi, has been arrested.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17094944", "title": "Lone cop stops jail-break bid by 3", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a bid to escape, eight inmates of Borstal Jail, Tajpur Road beat up a head constable on duty at the main gate. The constable fought on despite being injured and outnumbered, enabling authorities to nab the accused. According to head constable Balwinder Singh, a team of jail officials were on routine check at 8:30am when one of the 13 inmates who had planned the escape knocked the door. When the constable opened the door, he threw chilly powder in his eyes.Thereafter, the accused tried to snatch the key of the main gate from Balwinder who resisted despite being beaten up by eight of the inmates. He raised an alarm, at which a policeman on the tower called for backup. At the intervention of other police personnel, the accused were nabbed.Balwinder is being treated at the civil hospital.Jail authorities are registering a case. Borstal jail Superintendent Manjeet Singh said, \"We have informed higher authorities and are in the process of getting a case registered against the accused. I appreciate the brave fight put up by Balwinder as well as the help we received from some of the inmates in nabbing the accused.\"Sources said inmates who tried to escape included an accused in the case of murder of Deputy Superintendent of Police Balraj Gill. Another inmate from Khanna had tried to escape earlier by throwing chilly powder in the eyes of police personnel. The inmates who planned and executed the escape bid are juveniles. There are 450 inmates in the Bortsal Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093853", "title": "Congress pushed country into ditch, says IAC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Arvind Kejriwal-led India Against Corruption (IAC) on Sunday alleged that the Congress pushed the country into a ditch but is now making a hue and cry about saving the nation.Senior IAC leader Manish Sisodia alleged that those who were sent to Parliament to serve the country were \"actually selling\" it.\"They don't do anything in Parliament but is making a hue and cry in Ramlila Maidan,\" he said, referring to the Congress rally in the capital in support of FDI in multibrand retail.Referring to the speeches of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Sisodia said the Congress had pushed the country into a ditch. \"You were in power for eight years. Instead of saving the country, you destroyed it,\" he said.Referring to the same rally, Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy tweeted, \"What a flop show... The speeches were disastrous. Most of all there was no enthusiasm in the crowd. Rent a crowd.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17093301", "title": "Tripathi to challenge closure of case against Amar Singh", "text": "KANPUR: Shivakant Tripathi, so-called whistle-blower in the Amar Singh case, on Sunday alleged that UP police have deliberately ignored a report submitted by Economic Offences Wing, Lucknow in February 2010 to the director general of police on many irregularities by the four companies of Amar Singh and his aides in the money laundering case.Suresh Chandra Sharma, the then deputy superintendent of police, EOW, Lucknow, who was appointed as an investigating official, stated in his report: \"In companiyon ka share high premium par jaanboojhkar capital value badhane ke liye kiya gaya. Na to ye companiyan koi vyavsay kar rahi thi aur na hi inke dwara premium ke anupat mein labh arjit kiya gaya. Na hi bhavishya mein labh dristgochar ho raha tha. Aur ye companiya \"going concern concept\" par adharit prateet nahi hoti.\"DSP Sharma had mentioned the names of EDCL Ltd, which was found to be involved in nearly 53.40 lakh of embezzlement. Similarly, EDCL Power Project had swindled funds to the tune of Rs 14 crore and energy development company Rs 52.4 crore, besides Sarvottam Caps and Pankaja Art Ltd had bungled Rs 59,56,73,250.The total fund amounted to Rs 1,38,45,73,250. \"The EOW officer has submitted a 27-pages report to the DG on February 27, 2010 exposing the wrongdoings of these four companies and circle officer, Babupurwa, Pavitra Mohan Tripathi has given a clean chit to the accused, citing lack of evidence, which is very shocking,\" said Shivakant Tripathi while talking to TOI.Tripathi said that he will moved a protest petition in the court on Monday, challenging the closure reports filed by the UP police's investigating agency. The report had given a clean chit to accused Amar Singh and his aides in swindling funds to the tune of Rs 500 crore, belonging to 168 different companies in which Singh had big stakes.The name of Amitabh Bachchan, Amar Singh's wife Pankaja Kumari Singh, former governor T N Chaturvedi and a Noida-based industrialist Ashok Kumar Chaturvedi also figured in the 1500-annexure as directors of various companies.The closure report said there was not enough evidence to prove the allegations.The complainant had claimed that the closure report is not acceptable.The court has issued notice to complainant Shivakant and asked to respond by November 29.In the FIR registered on October 15, 2009 with the Babupurwa police, the complainant had alleged that Amar Singh had floated nearly eight companies in which 168 small companies were amalgamated, allegedly with the intent of siphoning off Rs 500 crore of black money.For this, he misused his position as chairman of Uttar Pradesh Development Council during 2003 and 2007. Tripathi had also alleged that Singh had depicted his property worth Rs 32 crore, when he had contested the Rajya Sabha election.Later, when he was made chairman of the development council, Singh declared property worth Rs 500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093591", "title": "Man gets 10 years' jail for raping minor", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man has been sentenced to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment for kidnapping and raping a girl to force her into marriage. Additional sessions judge Kamini Lau held Raju Kumar Verma guilty of kidnapping the 13-year-old from here and taking her to Ballia in UP, noting that he was an \"old player\" and had earlier eloped with another girl who had died in mysterious circumstances after giving birth to two children.\"Of late, instances of young girls of impressionable age being allured and sexually exploited thereafter are on the rise, and this is a matter of national concern,\" the court said while imposing a fine of Rs 20,000 on him.The 25-year-old convict had sought leniency from the court, saying he had a family to support. The court, however, turned down his plea, arguing that though the girl had eloped with him on her own, the law \"protects minors and her consent is inconsequential\".The prosecution said Raju was living near the victim's house at Nithari village in northwest Delhi and worked as a mason there. He started courting her last year in September and wrote letters to her, police said, adding that he lured the girl to accompany him. Raju took the girl to Ballia, where he asked her to dress up like his wife, and stayed there for nearly six months, cops added.The girl was later recovered by police after one of the neighbours came to know that the accused had kidnapped her and brought her there. During the trial, the girl told the court that Raju used to threaten her, saying he would poison her if she disclosed the truth to her family members with whom she used to talk on phone. She also said Raju had repeatedly raped her and she was pregnant when she was recovered by police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097540", "title": "Kinshuk is like a brother separated at birth: Angad", "text": "Kinshuk Mahajan and Angad Hasija who met on the sets of 'Bidaai', still remain best of friends. Kinshuk Mahajan is currently seen in the show 'Afsar Bitiya' while Angad Hasija will soon be making a comeback with a new show. Their bond is so brotherly, that they take out time for each other despite of their hectic shooting schedules. They regularly hang out together along with their wives and often go and stay at each others place.Apart from this, food is something which binds them more. Both are real foodies and love to binge on butter chicken. Both have a sweet tooth and love eating chocolates and can eat as many as you offer them. Angad confirms, \"We are like brothers separated at birth. Our wives have become friendly too, thanks to our friendship. Whenever we get time or get an off from work, we like to spend time with each other. Both of us, believe in living life to the fullest\". Well Angad and Kinshuk this is surely a happy dostana and we wish you remain friends forever.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093604", "title": "Elite air views at Deva Sharif Mela", "text": "Not just the shrine, but the philosophy of Haji Waris Ali Shah - the sufi leader who blesses one and all at Deva Sharif shrine of Barabanki is an emblem of communal harmony. \"Jo Rab hai, wahi Ram hai\" is a popular phrase his followers believe in.The same words inspired the Akhil Bhartiya Deva Mela Manas Samiti, which is helping out the Barabanki local administration to make the ongoing Deva Mela festival a grand affair. Among various activities organised during the ten-day long festival, the said samiti organised a manas karyakram, which was inaugurated by Justice Sudhir Kumar Saxena of the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court. Speaking on the occasion, he threw light on the relevance of Ram Charit Manas in the contemporary world. Guest of honour for the occasion, Mohd Jamil Shastri said many people read religious literature, but forget to follow the same in their real lives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095412", "title": "Vehicle lifters arrested", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore city police arrested three vehicle-lifters and recovered two motorbikes worth 65,000 from them on Saturday.Police have identified the accused as Sallapuri, 28, and Srinivas, 23, of Chittor district in Andhra Pradesh , and Manjunath, 19, from Kolar district.Beat police caught them when the trio was moving around suspiciously near ring road.They confessed to lifting of vehicles during interrogation. Vijayanagar police have registered a case. The accused have been sent to judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095648", "title": "Kids preach the 'go green' lesson", "text": "KOLKATA: Apeejay Schools hosted 'Right to Green 2012 'Be Natural. Be You!' in association with World Wide Fund for Nature last month on October 17 to prevent the degradation of mother nature and safeguard the fast depleting bio-diversity. The day started with 'Run for green', a road race that was flagged off from Apeejay School, Park Street, by ex-Olympian (hockey team) Gurbax Singh and was followed by other events.The students presented themselves as delegates representing countries like Argentina, Japan, Italy, Brazil, India, Russia in the 'Model Green Summit', designed on the lines of Model United Nation. Apart from The topic of climate change, discussions were held on issues like was taken up as major concern of the world energy resource, current economical and environmental concerns like sustainable cities, food security , decent jobs and sustainable development were issues which were being discussed. The opinions put forth by the young adults on October 17, was appreciated by students deliberately voiced their opinion andUtpal Chatterjee, the former sheriff of Kolkata and chief guest for the day appreciated the effort made by students.Rachel S Sunden, deputy director of The American Center, said, \"The students addressed complex topics adroitly. There was high level of professionalism among them and their broad-based knowledge brought to the fore the showed the ability in them to be and leadership potential future leaders. Today's youth is ready to face challenges, they are highly inspired and dedicated to achieve their goal\"The 'Poster Making' competition was based on the theme of 'Glorious green'(junior section) and \"Green it the way you mean it\" (senior section) and was judged by renowned artists Ranadeep Das and Kalyan Mukherjee. On the other hand, 'Glimpses', the science exhibition, saw was another major attraction which explored the scientific talents and innovations students exhibiting models on topics like green energy, anti-pollution and ecological imbalance, effect of acid rain, What the earth is home to?, greenhouse effect, Zeer pot fridge, hydraulic crane, rolling speed breaker, conservation of energy, judicious use of fossil fuel etcand use of new technology to create a new greener world.\"By raising consciousness about the environment, these children are thinking well for themselves and mother earth. Our planet will be at risk since the resources are fast depleting. The world would survive if it gets protection from the right quarter. We need to motivate and draw our children's attention to areas which need maximum attention so that our future is secured,\" said Rita Chatterjee, principal, Apeejay Schools.Apeejay School, Park Street was the winner of the green quiz session'Q &amp; E', hosted by quiz master Pranam Roy. As many as 17 city schools, including Sushila Birla Girls' School, Ashok Hall Girls' Higher Secondary School, The BSS School, Abhinav Bharti, Birla High School and Lakshmipat Singhania Academy participated in this fest.\"The green endeavour intends to build a future in which humans live in harmony with nature and different environment related issues are resolved,\" said Soham Banerjee, a student of Apeejay School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094430", "title": "2 murder accused hacked to death in Urapakkam", "text": "CHENNAI: Two history-sheeters were hacked to death by a gang at Urapakkam near Vandalur on Sunday morning.Police said the duo, Kumaresan, 30, of Mettu Street in Mannivakkam and Deenadayalan, 27, of Selvi Nagar in Kilambakkam, was accused in a murder case in 2011 and was recently released on bail. Police said they were autorickshaw drivers. Often they would consume liquor and gamble. They used to spend most nights at a friend's house at Raghavendra Street in Kilambakkam, an investigating officer said.The murder came to light when Deenadayalan's mother came looking for her son after he did not return home on Saturday night. She found the two bodies lying in pool of blood and alerted neighbours. Soon locals and police arrived at the spot. The bodies were recovered and sent to Chengalpet Government Hospital for post mortem. There were several injury marks on the bodies, police said.Preliminary investigation revealed that the duo consumed liquor with another gang on Saturday night. Police are investigating whether the murder was the outcome of a drunken brawl. Police suspect the murderers were close to 'Ganja' Murugan, a gang leader who was killed by the duo last year.\"We have formed four special teams to crack the murder case. The motive behind the murder is yet to be established. However, information indicates that it could be done by their own gang members,\" said Venkatachalam inspector Guduvancherry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17094462", "title": "BSF personnel join local villagers to protect bats", "text": "COIMBATORE: In an initiative aimed at protecting over 2,000 nocturnal mammals roosting on trees in Kittampalyam village in the outskirts of city, about 1,500 Border Security Force (BSF) personnel at its local base in the village have decided to celebrate Diwali without bursting crackers.Two banyan trees and a tamarind tree in the village constitute Kittampalayam's bats colony. The bats belong to the Indian flying fox species, a fruit-eating mammal. Over 350 families in the village had decided to abstain from using crackers during Diwali, two years ago, in an initiative taken by Noyyal Green Foundation, a local eco group led by R Palanisamy.Talking to TOI, BSF's 149 Battalion commandant, S Ganesh said the force has decided to go with the village as the birds have been a part of the village for over 30 years. \"How the villagers think is extraordinary. This time, BSF decided to get involved with them as we are in favour of protecting the environment and trees. All the BSF personnel have taken this decision collectively,'' he added.\"We have always stopped the hunters to hunt the bats. The bats do not disturb us and we do not disturb them,'' says village panchayat president, Jothimani Ramasamy. \"Though the villagers do not burst crackers during Diwali, they do wear new clothes and share sweets. If anybody is found interested in bursting crackers, they are dissuaded,'' she added.According to Palanisamy, the BSF initiative to protect bats is quite encouraging. \"The decision of villagers against using crackers had a partial effect so far as BSF campus normally had celebrations using crackers. With them too joining the conservation movement, it would be a different Diwali this time,'' he said.BSF jawans also joined the local community and green activists this time in circulating pamphlets and sticking posters in public places highlighting the need to protect bats. Apart from bats, the village is home to hundreds of cattle egrets, common myna, Babbler bird and Bulbul. Though the village started avoiding crackers in 2008 itself, it came into full swing in 2011. \"The village has over 2,000 bats and this particular area is protected from poachers. BSF and the local community coming together would enhance protection measures in future,\" said L Joseph Reginald, a research scholar at Salim Ali Centre for Ornithology and Nature Conservation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "17095408", "title": "Employee body threatens court arrest from Nov 20", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana government employees under the banner of Sarv Karamchari Sangh threatened to launch a 'jail bharo' agitation from November 20 to protest against alleged indifference of the government towards their demands. They have been demanding regularization of temporary staff and opposing outsourcing of government services.During a rally held at Mansarovar Park in Rohtak on Sunday, leaders alleged that the government had failed to keep its promises regarding the welfare of employees. \"We want the government to withdraw private partnership programme (PPP), hiring employees through outsourcing, privatization of departments and introduction of franchise system, which are anti-employee steps,\" the leaders demanded.Government employees, both temporary and permanent, from Jind, Sonipat, Panipat, Rohtak and Jhajjar participated in the meeting. Dharmbir Phogat, state president of SKS, appealed to the employees to mobilize more support for the November 20 protest. He said, \"In a meeting with delegation of SKS on August 25, 2011, the state government had promised to make amendments in employee regularization policy, giving salary grade on the lines of Central government, removing pay anomalies, and providing cashless medical facilities. But even after 14 months, the state government has not taken action on any promise made to us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093876", "title": "Rahul Gandhi praises Sheila Dikshit for 'transforming' Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit emerged a clear beneficiary from the Congress's Ramlila Maidan show on Sunday with Rahul Gandhi's praise of her government for transforming the city confirming her dominance in party affairs.Rahul's endorsement of the city government for giving Delhi \"good roads and infrastructure\" makes it clear that she will lead the party's bid to retain power for an unprecedented fourth time in the 2013 assembly poll.Although her presence on the main stage was due to her role as \"host\", the ease of her interactions with both Rahul and Sonia Gandhi were an unmistakable signal that she is several cuts above other Delhi leaders.Dikshit's undiluted equity with the Congress leadership is partly rooted in lack of alternatives, her communication skills and the fact that the blowback from the Commonwealth Games scams was largely absorbed by chief organizer Suresh Kalmadi.At least as far as the Congress leadership is concerned, Dikshit seems to enjoy a Teflon image as even the party's rout in the elections to the three municipal bodies formed at her behest backfiring to the rival BJP's benefit has not dented her stock.It is evident that the Congress sees Dikshit as its best bet despite the incumbency of being a three-time CM. The party sees the leader as essential to its plans to retain the city with Dikshit's aggressive politics \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such as when she wrested additional water supplies from Haryana this summer \u00e2\u20ac\u201d winning her several brownie points.Her success comes despite the city contributing much less in terms of crowd presence on Sunday compared to the mobilization by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda . The Delhi BJP's misplaced attempt to stage protests on Sunday only underscores her advantages.With a change of guard before the assembly poll virtually ruled out, the CM can look to consolidate her hold over the party machinery and press on with her attempt to shore up support through political initiatives like mass-scale regularization of colonies.In citing the Congress's commitment to development, Rahul pointed to Delhi, saying, \"Humne Dilli ko badla hai. Jo Dilli kayi saal pehle thi who ab badal chuki hai. (We have changed the face of Delhi. It is not anymore what it was many years back)\".\"Roads... infrastructure... yeh sab badal gaya hai... (Roads and infrastructure... everything has changed),\" Rahul added as he acknowledged the Delhi CM.There was a proprietorial air to the manner in which Dikshit surveyed preparations for the rally on Sunday morning from the VVIP stage and the boost she received should help her press ahead with key programmes that are seen to impact on the Congress's electoral stock in the city.Speaking to TOI later, the Delhi CM said Rahul's remarks had certainly given a boost to the morale of her government and the party leadership in the state. \"I would say the remarks come as a stamp from the leadership of our credibility. It is heartening that they are seeing all that is happening in the city. However, the elections are still one year away and this rally was a platform to reach out to the nation,\" Dikshit said.While regularization of unauthorized colonies continues to be a major plank for the Delhi government in order to woo the 40 lakh-odd voters from the weaker sections and lower middle class, sources close to Dikshit say she is now preparing to reach out to the middle and upper middle classes too.The launch of infrastructure projects like the second phase of the Barapullah elevated road and transport projects like monorail in east Delhi in the months ahead is intended to do just that. With the elections slated for later next year, it's a race against time for Dikshit to deliver results to the people of Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098957", "title": "Anamika gets one more producer", "text": "The famous script writer and director Mahesh Pandey is all set to don the producer's hat with Sony TV's Anamika. Mahesh had earlier penned for almost all the Ekta Kapoor's show like Kyunki Saas Bhi Kabhi Bahu Thi, Kutumb, Kasauti Zindagi Key along with the famous Geet Hui Sabse Parayi is now geared up to collaborate with Vikas Seth.The latest update what we have gathered is that Vikas Seth, who is in news for opening his own production house and producing Anamika on Sony TV is all set to join hands with Mahesh Pandey as co producer.Accordingly, Vikas in collaboration with Mahesh Pandey will set up a production house which is named as Trishul . But all the paper works for the following teaming is in process.When contacted, Vikas states, \"Yes, Mahesh Pandey is teaming up with me for a new production house. But right now I can't disclose or confirm anything.\"We wish the duo for the collaboration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097009", "title": "Aishwarya Rai's dancing skills make Deepika anxious", "text": "It is not easy being a Sanjay Leela Bhansali heroine. This, Deepika discovered when she had to perform a traditional Garba for Ram Leela. Traditional choreographers from rural Gujarat have been specially flown in to Mumbai to choreograph the number.Says a source close to Deepika, \"It was the same Garba team that had choreographed Aishwarya Rai's Dholi taro dhol bhaje number in SLB's Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam . And the director's brief to the team was simple. Make it as scintillating as Aishwarya's number.\"Deepika is the only trained classical dancer from her generation of actresses. However the Garba requires a different discipline. Says the source, \"Deepika never performed the Garba before. She had been training for it for the last fortnight. Nonetheless the constant pressure of being compared with Aishwarya is taking its toll on her nerves. It's giving her performance anxiety. Given the chance she would have liked to dance for the Garba number in her own way. But the constant reminder that she must do it as well as Aishwarya is proving counter-productive to her performing abilities.\"For those who came in late, Aishwarya played a girl from a well-to-do zamindar 's family in rural Hum Dil De Chuke Sanam . Deepika's character in Ram Leela follows the same route. Both Aishwarya and Deepika are South Indian girls. But Aishwarya's everyday speech was free of any accent whereas Deepika has a certain Dravidian twang in her voice.Says our source, \"For her Gujju Juliet's role, Deepika had to work from scratch. From her speech to her dancing she has gone through a complete revamp. But now when she's been told to do 'another Dholi taro' Deepika is not enjoying the pressure of having to live up to a reference point.\"Look out for fireworks ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "tumkur", "code": "17095038", "title": "Convocation venue change upsets police", "text": "TUMKUR: The reason for shifting the 6th annual convocation of Tumkur University to Bangalore hasn't gone well with Tumkur police . Vice-chancellor SC Sharma had cited security as a major reason for not holding the convocation on their campus in Tumkur since the chief guest is bound by Z-plus security.Superintendent of police TR Suresh told TOI: \"We are shocked at the vice-chancellor's announcement. Police in Tumkur are capable of providing such security. We have handled arrangements of many such top dignitaries, including Sonia Gandhi.\"However, Sharma claimed he was misquoted by the media. \"There was no connection between the convocation and security. I hadn't told the media anything about security. The university's convocation programme , the guest list and the date of the guests' arrival was fixed six months ago.\"In his earlier statement, the VC said the venue was being shifted on the governor's orders as the dignitaries will have to be provided Z-category security. Nobel laureate Prof Rudolph Marcus will be chief guest at Monday's event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093842", "title": "'Polite' cops only fine racecourse joint for flouting deadline", "text": "MUMBAI: After the SoBo lounge backlash from the public and patrons, Mumbai police was at its best behaviour in the wee hours of Sunday.Tardeo police was doing its duty when it noticed that Tote on The Turf was open and playing music well beyond its 1.30am deadline. So a few of its men went to politely remind the Tote management that it needs to shut. No raiding team of any sort was present, no action took place and the 200-odd patrons were not harassed. All guests left immediately after the police came calling around 2.30am.A spokesperson for Tote, which is located at Mahalakshmi Racecourse, confirmed that the Tardeo police had visited the premises and charged a fine for the place being open beyond its curfew hour. The fine that the police charge for such late hours is Rs 12,500.\"There were very few policemen who showed up. They did not create any problems for anyone present,'' the Tote spokesperson said.Prakash Kothari, a businessman who was at Tote to celebrate his friend's birthday, said the police showed up after 2.30am. \"But the police-unlike what they did at LIV the previous Friday-did not bother us or ask us to get into any police van. I did not notice any van.''He added, \"The police did not say anything to us. There was a large crowd. All of us then left quietly.\"Kothari would know the difference. He was caught in the chaos that prevailed at the police action for the lounge bar LIV at Kalaghoda similarly crossing its curfew. He was forced to go to the police station in a van along with the other guests barely eight days ago.A patron added, \"It is as if the police have learnt something from that experience, wished to follow rules and not harass all those present.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095461", "title": "Manasa to the rescue of mentally challenged women", "text": "MYSORE: Nisha (name changed), a rape victim found at Mysore railway station, was rescued by 'Manasa' years ago. After a year of nurturing and rehabilitation, she identified herself as a native of Jharkhand. She is now leading a happy married life in Jharkhand.There are many other success stories like Nisha's. Manasa, a wing of Karuna Trust, not only aims at giving hope for the homeless, but also supports mentally challenged women who are neglected by the members of their family. This organization rescues and empowers them before making them self-reliant.Manasa, started in 2006 off Lalithadripura Road, is the brainchild of Dr H Sudarshan. Till date, 245 homeless people from Mysore city and nearby places have been treated at Manasa. Mentally challenged women are first brought to Nirashrithara Parihara Kendra, where they are medically examined and are provided with medicines, therapy and psychiatric counseling. Project manager Dr C K Kantharaju said psychiatrists visit Manasa thrice a week. A resident psychiatrist and social worker will also be present there.Women are given vocational training in craft-making, candle-making, greeting card-making, knitting, and making flower vase, hangers, broomsticks, embroidery and paper bags. The inmates are allowed to maintain kitchen garden inside the premises. Four social workers and three healthcare workers take care of 58 inmates. They involve them in group activities like discussion, prayers, cleaning and other activities.The organization has helped 187 women reunite with their families spread across the country, and it continues to supply medicines to them. \"At present, there are 58 women in Manasa,\" Kantharaju added.Policemen enlightenedThe institution is raising public awareness and changing the attitude towards the homeless and mentally challenged persons. On Sunday, a three-hour programme was held to sensitize police officers on the issue.Fifty police officers of various ranks from three sub-divisions took part in the workshop. Nimhans psychiatry professor Kishore Kumar enlightened the officers on ways to interact with the mentally challenged. The programme included a presentation and screening of documentary videos.Highlighting the need to treat mentally challenged people, Kishore said they will become homeless even when there is treatment for them. \"Though Mental Health Care Bill was passed in 1987, such patients do not get proper treatment,\" he rued.Police commissioner K L Sudheer said the programme helped them know how to interact with the mentally challenged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094675", "title": "Food business attracts Old Hyderabad youth", "text": "HYDERABAD: The food bug has bitten Old City's youth. With Hyderabadi food gaining prominence, several youngsters are opting for careers in hotel management, particularly in food production (cooking) sector. And catering to this demand are the several hotel management institutes that have cropped up across the city in the past few years.The Centre's Institute of Hotel Management (IHM) has been conducting four short term courses lasting between six and eight weeks, branded \"Hunar Se Rozgar Tak (from skill to employment). According to the institute's management more than 30 per cent of its participants are from the Old City. The demand is the highest for food production where more than two thirds are from this part of the city. Interestingly, one third of the candidates are women.Most students who attend short term courses in the several institutes in the city have completed only matriculation. Some have not finished schooling as well. Explaining the penchant for culinary arts among Hyderabadis, noted educationist Zafar Javeed said that it is the availability of opportunities in the hospitality sector that is drawing many youngsters today. \"Hyderabadi food, the Biryani and in recent past the Haleem, have gained immense popularity in and around the city which in turn has resulted to the mushrooming of several restaurants. The demand for cooks has thus increased. Being good at skill based tasks, youngsters from the minority community are making use of these opportunities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17093986", "title": "Taiwan Textile Fair opens on Monday", "text": "GURGAON: The annual Taiwan Textile Fair - among the big international industrial events to be held here - will be inaugurated this Monday at Gurgaon's Epicentre. Some of the leading textile companies from Taiwan, which is a major overseas market for the local buyers and sellers, will be among the participants at this three-day event.\"The textile fair will act as a business matching platform, and will give opportunities to the Taiwanese textile industry to access their innovative fabrics and accessories to the markets here. This year we plan to make new ties with the best in the Indian garment industry,\" said Jennifer Liu, project manager, Taiwan Textile Federation.Taiwan is known for being one of the largest textile exporters of the world, and organizers of the fair say that a stronger association between Indian and Taiwanese industrialists would facilitate better domestic growth. \"The Delhi and NCR region accounts for more than a quarter of the value of the country's total garment exports. The domestic apparel market here is growing at 10% per annum, and this kind of growth needs the momentum supplied by cutting edge products and designs, and that is exactly what the Taiwan fair provides,\" said one of the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095529", "title": "Green signal to legalize slaughter houses awaited", "text": "NASHIK: The health department's proposal to the state government in 2008 to enforce bylaws to legalize the slaughter and sale of meat, fowl and fish is yet to get a green signal.The Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) has three legal slaughter houses, one at Bhadrakali, one opposite the railway station on Nashik Road and one behind the vegetable market in Satpur. But the city is swarming with places where shops sell meat in the open and on roadsides. Till before 2004, municipal corporations had the power to issue licences for slaughter and sale of meat. From 2004, the government took charge of issuing licences. The health department informed that licences would be issued for shop owners and shops selling meat and for those selling frozen meat, chicken, etc.The NMC had applied to the state government in 2008 for rules and regulations governing the licensing of meat shops in Nashik under the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporation Act 1949 so they could keep a check on illegal slaughter and sale of meat.The health department said it has been constantly following-up with the government on the issue. The health officials said that the proposal has been approved in Thane and Mumbai and once the NMC gets the approval, it will have control over illegal slaughtering and sale of meat, fowl and fish. At present, the municipal corporation does not have the power to take action against illegal meat selling shops.Veterinary Officer of NMC, Pramod Sonawane said that he had sent another reminder last month and is waiting for the reply.Meanwhile, the health department had also applied for consent of slaughter houses in 2010 for the period 2010-2014 to the Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) but two years down the line, it is still waiting for consent. To acquire consent, the corporation has to give details of the construction of slaughter houses and its expenses which the NMC says it has fulfilled.\"We sent a reminder to the MPCB 15 days back. The officials said that they had sent the proposal to their head office in Mumbai. Till 2010, the consent could be given by the regional MPCB office but now it is given by the state office,\" said Sonawane.When contacted, MPCB officials said that they will check and forward the consent immediately to the head office if it has not yet been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17097075", "title": "Neeraj Kumar, the one-arm wonder", "text": "AHMEDABAD: He is fast, accurate motivated pacer like others. But with a diffence. Neeraj Kumar can't bowl with a high arm action. The 19-year-old lost his left hand in an accident some years ago.That, however, hasn't prevented the Punjab lad from uprooting stumps. He, while playing for the Indian Blues in IPCL at Navrangpura stadium, removed two batsmen of the opposition South Eagles. (IPCL is a competition organized by Indian Twenty20 Cricket Federation.)Neraj's left arm was severely injured and doctors had no option but to amputate it.\"Initially I faced much difficulty and was apprehensive about my future in cricket. But thanks to the unflinching support of my family, I was back on the field. I have worked hard for this day.I don't feel like an amputee anymore. In fact I consider myself a complete bowler,\" said Neeraj said.Neeraj, who doesn't come from a rich family, studies in a government school. During an inter-school cricket match in Punjab's Fazilka district which is close to the Indo-Pak border, the youngster showed remarkable grit and courage as he spearheaded the school's bowling attack.His performance had a lasting effect on IPCL commissioner Pankaj Dhamija who was present at the venue.\"The IPCL Commissioner was present during the match in which I was playing for my government school. He approached me later with the offer of a place in the Indian Blues and a ticket. The rest is history,\" said Neeraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095100", "title": "Chennai: Troubled ship still in eye of a storm", "text": "Four days after an oil tanker ran aground near Chennai during a storm, leading to an accident which killed six sailors, investigators are still trying to make sense of the conflicting versions offered by the ship's crew and maritime agencies.TOI conducted interviews with the crew and port and shipping officials to reconstruct the sequence of events. The oil tanker, MT Pratibha Cauvery, was an ill-maintained vessel already facing regulatory action on safety and operational grounds. Travel logs reveal it was arrested at Mangalore port in June 2012 and detained at Visakhapatnam in July for these reasons. Finally , it set sail in August for Chennai via Haldia on a 'single voyage permission' from directorgeneral of shipping to deliver oil, the status indicating that approval was temporary and strictly for one journey.The vessel's owner, Pratibha Shipping Company , a Mumbai-based firm founded in 1995, is quite familiar with such problems. Of its fleet of nine cargo ships, two are stranded in Chennai (the other being Pratibha Varna) and another in China. MT Pratibha Cauvery entered Chennai waters on September 25 and stayed put for three days to unload the cargo. CEO of Pratibha Shipping Sunil Pawar said, \"The ship discharged her cargo at Chennai port on September 29. Then our licence for trade operations expired and the vessel was kept in the outer anchorage.\"While the crew waited for directions, conditions aboard grew dismal. They ran out of food and fuel over the next four weeks. All through October, it remained anchored three nautical miles from the Chennai coast with generators gradually shutting down and all systems, barring those for communication, being turned off.The 37-member crew had supplies for seven days. They lived on it for nearly a month as repeated messages to the vessel owner went unheeded. \"There was no drinking water, we collected rainwater from the deck for drinking,\" said Sarath, a crew member. Since the vessel remained within Chennai port's jurisdictional limits, it continued to receive periodic weather bulletins and messages.According to port officials, the first warning of a cyclone was issued by the met department on October 28 (Sunday), and by Tuesday noon, Chennai Port Trust received a level 7 warning, which estimated wind speed at 100kmph. This message was broadcast on a VHF channel to alert all vessels in the region.Officials of the port's traffic department said the captain of Pratibha Cauvery told them the same day that he was short of fuel. The shipping agent, who liaises for the vessel owner, had not provided supplies and Pratibha Cauvery was in no position to sail out in time to avoid the storm. The captain sought permission to dock. However , the port turned down his request saying it did not have berths to spare. There was no effort by the vessel owner or the shipping agent to expedite payments necessary to seek berthage. Pratibha Cauvery's crew was on its own. \"We had to allot a berth to another stranded vessel OSM Arena,\" said Chennai Port Trust chairman Atulya Mishra.Next morning, as the storm gained momentum , Pratibha Cauvery's anchors began dragging. Technicians tried in vain to run the engine to keep the ship from drifting, following which they sought help from the port around 10.30am. They wanted tug boats to tow them to the outer seas, but it was too late to send help. The port's towing vessels, which are of 35-45-tonne capacity , could not have weathered such a storm.Buffeted by strong winds, the vessel drifted more than two nautical miles between 12.30pm and 2.30pm. The port signal station, which continued to receive distress calls from the bridge, sent out a message to the Coast Guard at 1.15pm. The coast guard in Chennai has three search and rescue vessels and two single-engine helicopters for patrolling and rescue missions, but for the next four hours, the station chose not to deploy personnel or vessels to keep a watch on the straying ship or establish communication.The tanker finally ran aground off Besant Nagar beach at 2.30pm. It carried 357 tonnes of heavy oil, 3.5 tonnes of diesel, and 37 panicstricken sailors. By 3.15pm, the crew had lowered a lifeboat carrying 22 sailors, purportedly on the orders of captain Carl Fernandez. Within minutes the boat capsized. Six sailors were rescued by fishermen, and 10 others who stayed afloat wearing life jackets, were washed ashore. The remaining six were washed away.News of the vessel's grounding off Chennai was communicated to coast guard at 4.15pm. With wind speeds still high, an inshore patrolling vessel took another hour to set out. \"Coast Guard launched its vessel at 5.20pm from its dock for rescue operations,\" said Gurupdesh Singh, chief of staff for the eastern region. Strong winds and low visibility impeded the search for the missing sailors until the next morning.Rescued sailors later told the media that they had repeatedly sought help, but it was not clear why they chose to abandon a grounded ship in such rough waters. \"Even after it beached, the vessel was buffeted by the wind,\" said Nishanth Chandrakant, who stayed afloat for three hours holding on to the lifeboat.The owner of the vessel, Pawar, said he was in constant touch with the captain and had asked the crew to remain on board. \"But they panicked and decided to lower the boat,\" he said. Both coast guard and port officials said they issued a similar warning to the captain. The vessel is now being salvaged by a team of experts and the company has begun searching for a fresh crew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17098685", "title": "MBBS student kills self with drug overdose", "text": "JAIPUR: A 22-year-old MBBS student of Mahatma Gandhi Medical College committed suicide on Sunday with an overdose of analgesic pills and injections at his residence in Narayan Nagar in the city.According to the Bajaj Nagar police, the deceased was identified as Sheshank Sancheti, a final year MBBS student. He was found unconscious in his room and was rushed to the hospital, where he was declared brought dead.\"Sheshank asked his domestic help to leave him alone as he did not want to be disturbed. Later, when he failed to answer a number of phone calls from his mother calling from Jodhpur, she asked his roommate Samar to check on him. When Samar reached home, he found the room locked from inside. He managed to open the door and found Sheshank. He then informed us,\" said a senior police officer.'Was unable to focus on studies'The post mortem reports suggest that a high dose of analgesics proved fatal for him.\"The reports suggest that he injected analgesics into his body. He had also consumed at least a dozen analgesic pills,\" said a police officer.Senior doctor Dhiraj Verma explained how a high dose of analgesics can prove fatal: \"It depends on dosage. If it is a heavy dose like diclofenac, it can first burst ulcers and also lead to respiratory depression and kidney failure.\"Sheshank was to appear for internal exams starting from Tuesday and was preparing for the final semester exam to be held in December. \"He had been feeling low for almost a month and had told his classmates that he was unable to focus on studies,\" said Suresh Kumar , circle inspector, Bajaj Nagar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094792", "title": "Rare butterflies cast enchanting spell", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The city is home to three rare species of butterflies which even the forest and wildlife department didn't have a clue about. These rare species \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bamboo Treebrown, Orange Oakleaf and Common Map \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were not traced by any wildlife expert, but by a group of retired persons in the forests of Chandigarh and its periphery. The members of this group share a passion for butterflies and take delight in spotting rare species.Director forest and chief conservator wildlife, Chandigarh, Santosh Kumar, said, \"These three species are very rare and the wildlife department was completely unaware about their existence in Chandigarh and its periphery.\"For boosting the morale of these butterfly spotters, the department has been continually renewing their three-month permit of free visits to Nepli forest area of Chandigarh, Kumar said, adding that they have also been provided with equipment for catching butterflies.Wildlife officials said there were around 69 species in the Butterfly Park, Sector 26.All thanks to the work done by this enthusiastic group of seniors, it has been found that there are over 80 species of butterflies in the city and its surrounding forest areas, which now include Bamboo Treebrown or Letha Europa, a species of Satyrinae Butterfly, Orange Oakleaf or Kallima Inachus and Common Map or Cyrestis Thyodamas, the department officials added.The group of retired persons led by Kulbhusan Kanwar include Tilak Raj Sharma and Ravi Prashar among others. Kanwar has retired from the Chandigarh health department, while Tilak Raj retired from the Haryana Finance Corporation. Kanwar said, \"Even the wildlife department was not aware about the exact number of butterfly species in Chandigarh and we decided to work on this under the supervision of wildlife officials.\" Tilak Sharma said, \"Some of the species of butterflies, but for these three, were found in Botanical Garden, Terrace Garden, Sector 33 and Sukhna Wildlife Sanctuary.\"Tilak Raj said, \"We started working with the wildlife department around one-and-a-half years ago and till now we have found, clicked the pictures of around 25 rare species of butterflies and given these to the department. Earlier, it was believed that only 69 species of butterflies are there in Chandigarh and its periphery but now it has been found that the number is more than 80.\" Other detected rare species included Common Palmfly, Joker, Common Jester and Grey Pansy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17095379", "title": "Mangalore to have 6 new parks with bicycle tracks", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore is all set to host six new parks complete with bicycle and walking tracks, besides musical fountains. Mangalore Urban Development Authority chairman S Ramesh told TOI on Sunday they have identified two places - one in Mukka, near Surathkal, and another in Hosabettu - for setting up two of the proposed six parks.Land identification process is on for the other four. Last week, the MUDA had zeroed in on Kadri park or in the earlier deer park for laying bicycle and walking tracks and setting up a musical fountain. Once the land is identified, the MUDA will submit a proposal to the government seeking permission to start work on the new parks.The city has 32 parks, but only a few are in good shape. Ramesh has requested the Mangalore City Corporation to revive and maintain the parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17094478", "title": "Girl kidnapped by Andhra doctor rescued from Tirupur ashram", "text": "COIMBATORE: Police is on the lookout for a unani doctor, who allegedly kidnapped a 14-year-old girl from Mehboob Nagar in Andhra Pradesh, made a futile attempt to marry her at Palani temple and later lodged her at an ashram near Udumalpet in Tirupur. The girl was rescued from the ashram at Amaravathi Nagar near Udumalpet on Saturday.According to police, unani doctor Harinath alias Jayanth (52) of Penugonda area at West Godavari district in Andhra Pradesh was treating Vijayamohan of New Gunj village near Mehboob Nagar in Andhra Pradesh for cancer for the past five months.The doctor used to visit Vijayamohan's house to treat him and was close to the latter's family members. He convinced Vijayamohan's 14-year-old daughter, a class 10 student, that her father's health condition was very bad and only by offering prayers at various temples will it improve. Believing his words, the girl went to Bangalore along with the doctor on August 30 to pray at various temples, according to police sources.Meanwhile, the girl's father and mother Vijaya approached Mehaboob Nagar police station on September 6 after searching for the girl at various places. They lodged a complaint and told the police that they suspect the doctor of foul play. The police registered a case against Harinath and issued a lookout notice across the state. Posters with photograph of the doctor were distributed and a reward announced for anyone willing to provide information about him. Vijayamohan passed away on October 30.On November 2, the accused called Mehaboob Nagar police station from a mobile phone and told police that the girl was staying at Universal Peace Foundation in Udumalpet.The very next day, two constables K Amarnath and V Yadoiah Goud from the Mehaboob travelled to the office of the superintendent of police, Tirupur, and sought their help to rescue the girl. Dhali police sub-inspector S Annam and her team went to the foundation and found the girl. The doctor, however, was missing. The girl told police that the doctor had married her in a temple at Palani. But after the marriage, she had thrown away the mangalsutra. She told the police that she was not sexually exploited.\"Harinath had left the girl at Universal Peace Foundation and told the staff that she was his daughter,\" said SI Annam. \"The police would alter the case into kidnapping from missing case. She is a minor girl and she does not know anything. But the doctor had a motive and he had kidnapped the girl,\" she said.\"We refused to send the girl back to Andhra Pradesh as both constables were men. The constables have agreed to send women constables to take the girl back to Mehaboob Nagar. Now, the girl is staying at the Universal Peace Foundation,\" said Annam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "star parivaar is all geared up for diwali with a week-long celebration. this year, will see various actors revisiting the mythological stories related to diwali. every show will embody the message", "code": "17086762", "title": "Diwali Dhamaka on TV starts today", "text": "Star Parivaar is all geared up for Diwali with a week-long celebration. This year, will see various actors revisiting the mythological stories related to Diwali. Every show will embody the message: Triumph of Good Over Evil.Each day will present a new story \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Katha Lakshmi Ki, Katha Ganesha Ki, Katha Krishna Ki and Katha Ram Ki. The week will culminate with the gala episode of Shubh Deepavali. Actors Suraj, Sandhya and Jigar will be seen as Ram, Sita and Laxman, respectively. While Shaleen Bhanot will play Ravan, Lakshmi will be enacted by Khushi. The love story of Radha and Krishna will be enacted by Jeevika and Viren.The final episode, ShubhDeepavali , will be a mixture of music, dance and comedy. The highlight of the programme will be the presence of actors Ajay Devgn and Sonakshi Sinha , who will join in the celebrations.Watch Sunfeast Presents Star Diwali - Har Chehre Par Muskaan from today to November 9, every day at 7.30 pm on Star Plus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "17095388", "title": "Ninth edition of Saanjh takes off on Sufi note", "text": "AMRITSAR: Saanjh, an Amritsar-Lahore peace festival, entered its ninth year on Saturday night with performances by Indian and Pakistani theatre and folk artists, poets and Sufi singers at Spring Dale Senior Secondary School.The line dividing the two countries melted as Pakistani Sufi singer Sain Zahoor rendered the poetry of Baba Bulleh Shah, treating the audience to the mystical aura of Sufism and richness of shared culture and heritage of India and Pakistan. Zahoor told TOI that for him India and Pakistan were not two countries but one and that 60 years of separation were not enough to wash away the cultural, language, traditional, emotional and social bonding that existed since time immemorial. \"Amritsar is like my home. I've visited India at least 48 times, which has been possible because of the immense love of people of India for me,\" he said.Actor Usman Peerjada said, \"We have brought with us beautiful Sanjh of people of Pakistan for people of India\". He said the people of both the countries shared so much that they had been successful in holding the festival continuously for the past nine years. Artists could play a major role in forging cordial relations between the two nations and could even move governments to listen to the voice of the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098479", "title": "3ft tall replica of Taj Mahal created", "text": "A \"Taj-obssessed\" jeweller from Bhopal , India, has undertaken the task of making a miniature Taj Mahal, which was built by a grieving emperor in memory of his wife and is famously regarded as the ultimate declaration of love, from precious metals.The intricate model will feature 20kg of gold, 400kg of silver, and eight diamonds, and the jeweller behind the ambitious project is hoping to sell it for at least 11.5 million pounds.35 skilled workmen have already spent 18 months recreating the splendour of the Agra landmark in miniature - from the iconic golden dome to the Arabic calligraphy inscribed on the doors.The main dome on the model, which features 25 domes in total, has been made from gold, while 20,000 silver tiles have been laid on the floor of the replica.All 32 doors have been cast in gold and an Islamic scholar was brought in to ensure that the Koran passages that decorate the 16th century Taj Mahal are reproduced exactly.Three different types of stones were used to decorate the Taj Mahal - semi-precious stones like onyx, jade and bloody stone, rare and scarce stones like goldstone and magnet stone, and common stones like sandstone and black slate.As soon as one enters one can see the central chamber of the building beneath the main dome held the cenotaph of the queen . Four octagonal rooms on each story flank the four rooms. Altogether 16 rooms surround the central chamber.These rooms were to be used to bury other members of the royal family.Like the exterior, the interior too is a building faced with white marble but with much elaborated carvings and decoration. A masterpiece inside the Taj is an exquisitely developed marble jali screen (called Jhajjhari) that surrounds the graves. The inlay work on its borders and the graceful jalies are one the highs of medieval architecture.As dictated by ancient Islamic tradition, the crypts of Emperor and Empress lie side by side with their faces towards Mecca and their feet toward the south with the husband on the right.The crypts are decorated beautifully with inscriptions from the holy book Qu'ran and once were studded with semi-precious stones and gems.The man behind the project, jeweller Syed Hanif, said that he has been obsessed with the Taj Mahal ever since he first laid eyes on the building 22 years ago.\"I saw the Taj Mahal for the first time when I was an ordinary worker earning 100 rupees (11 pounds) a month,\" the Daily Mail quoted him as saying.Hanif is now managing director of jewellery firm Star Gems.\"Ever since then I have been obsessed with recreating its grandeur in gold,\" he said.The 50-year-old jeweller, who has christened the project Taj 2012, sent every member of his team to view the spectacular building in person.\"We took thousands of photographs of the Taj Mahal to make the blueprints, so that we could have the exact details,\" Hanif said.\"I also sent every workman to see the Taj Mahal personally so they could understand it,\" he said.Hanif he hopes to sell the Taj 2012 at auction when it is completed by the end of this year.\"The Taj 2012 has cost me a fortune but I will be selling it for at least 100 crores rupees (11.5 million pounds),\" Hanif added.The original Taj Mahal, which is locates in the Indian state of Agra, was built by the Mughal emperor Shah Jehan in the 16th century in memory of his third wife Mumtaz, who died giving birth to the couple's 14th child.It took 22 years to build and cost the equivalent of 32 million Indian rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "17095582", "title": "Scuffle at court over custody row judgment", "text": "AGARTALA: The pronouncement of judgment in a custody row between the mother and grandparents of a seven-year-old girl, Debalina, led to the outbreak of a scuffle at the chief judicial magistrate's court of West Tripura in Agartala.When the court handed over the girl's custody to her mother, Ratna Sen, her in-laws refused to release the girl and finally police had to take away Debalina forcefully and escort the mother and daughter to their rented house.The magistrate also reinforced the security at the CJM court with additional policemen following the scuffle, which resulted in a police official getting injured.The scuffle was also followed by the shocking revelation that had allegedly attempted suicide by consuming a cosmetic product due to 'torture' by her mother and the latter's boyfriend.The girl's mother, Ratna Sen, recently complained to the child development project officer (CDPO) in the social welfare department that her daughter was being illegally kept in the house of her husband by her in-laws and that she wanted to get back her custody.Accordingly, the case was referred to the court, which handed over Debalina's custody to Ratna. However, Ratna's in-laws were unhappy with the judgment and refused to hand over the girl to her mother, resulting in the scuffle on the court premises.To corroborate their demand that the girl's custody be handed over to them, Debalina's grandparents filed a complaint with the police alleging the girl was tortured by her mother and the latter's boyfriend.Debalina also reportedly made an initial confession of a suicide bid due to the alleged torture.On the basis of these statements, police have started further investigation into the case.Ratna's in-laws accused her of having an illicit relationship with one Ratan Sen and said the two of them had inflicted inhuman torture on Debalina, driving her to attempt suicide. \"The inhuman behavior of her mother and Ratan towards Debalina pushed the girl to attempt commit suicide by consuming harmful cosmetics - something she learnt from a television serial - but she was saved thanks to the timely intervention of their neighbour,\" alleged Ratna's brother-in-law, Rajesh.According to reports, Ratna had lodged a complaint against her in-laws a few months ago alleging they had taken custody of Debalina illegally. Ratna's husband, Debesh Ranjan Das is a BSF employee posted in Murshidabad, West Bengal. Ratna and Debalina left the house Debesh's parents and brothers stay in following a family dispute last year and were staying in a rented house in the city.A few months ago, however, Debesh arrived to see his daughter at the house rented by Ratna and found his daughter in a critical condition.Allegedly, Ratna neither made adequate arrangements for Debalina's treatment nor informed Debesh and his family that the girl was unwell for more than 10 days.After getting her treated at a hospital, Debesh handed over Debalina's charge to his parents and brother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17093989", "title": "LPG agencies accused of black-marketing", "text": "GURGAON: With the festive season round the corner, the residents are facing a tough time in getting LPG cylinders and they are blaming the agencies for black-marketing.Dimple Singh, resident of Sector 56, says there is a huge backlog in supply which is sign of black-marketing by the agencies. \"Now, the government has decided to cancel extra connections and consumers can have only one connection therefore they are left at the mercy of a single dealer,\" she added.Another consumer said, \"The consumption goes up during the festive season every year, and the consumers are used to it. But every family is not capable of buying the cylinders in black.\"Also as per new rules, any consumer can procure only six cylinders (at a subsidized rate of Rs 405) in a year after which he needs to pay Rs 747 per cylinder. As of now, there are just 25 LPG dealers in Gurgaon to cater to around 3.2 lakh connections and the situation may get worse in the coming days.On the other hand, LPG dealer association officials said the dealers are already overburdened by additional responsibility of keeping an account of supply based on two prices - subsidized and non-subsidized.On the issue of shortage, he said that the supply was regular in most of the areas, a few %localities might be affected as the consumption goes up during the festive season. Meanwhile, the district administration is yet to start a drive against the black-marketing of cylinders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093812", "title": "'Man-animal conflict result of human actions alone'", "text": "NAGPUR: Human intervention, which has resulted in destruction of wildlife habitat, is responsible for the man-animal conflict. The need of the hour is to give more importance to sustainable development than economic development to conserve nature, said speakers at the one-day workshop on man-animal conflict organized by Society for Wildlife Conservation, Education and Research (Wild-CER).MS Reddy, field director and chief conservator of forests (CCF), Pench Tiger Reserve (PTR) (Maharashtra) said human beings are responsible for all the man-animal conflicts. \"It is a result of our past actions. Destruction of wildlife habitat and increasing human population are the main causes behind this problem,\" he said.Reddy added that time had come when sustainable development was given more importance than economic development. Agreeing with Reddy, Dr Bahar Baviskar of Wild - CER, said, \"Now is the time for development with and for nature.\"The workshop covered various aspects of man - animal conflict including government policies for mitigating conflict, case studies and so on. Speaking on government policies, Sheshrao Patil, CCF, Nagpur, threw light on the conditions and requirements of granting compensation to people in case of crop damage, injury or death.Referring to absence of planned infrastructural projects, Kishor Rithe of Satpuda Foundation said lack of understanding of landscape matrix was a huge cause for the conflict. \"Why wait for an incident to recognize a conflict situation? Can't we study and plan our projects in a way which will help in conflict mitigation?\" he said.Suggesting some remedies, Rithe said, \"Awareness is the key, not only among locals but also policymakers. Consideration for wildlife while planning infrastructural projects and financial allocations for mitigation measures are needed to address the issue.\"Ajay Pilariseth, divisional forest officer (DFO), PTR recounted a number of experiences to clarify his stand that humans are responsible for the conflict. \"It is only when the natural order is disturbed these wild animals are forced to come in contact with humans. Otherwise, they do everything in their capacity to avoid us. I have even seen sloth bears sacrifice jamun - their favourite fruit - in order to avoid humans who had entered the part of the forest where this fruit grows,\" he said.Pilariseth added that it was time man learnt how to live in and around forests. \"In our greed for more, we only think about us and nothing else. We don't even consider about the right of these animals to live,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17094014", "title": "Three killed in Ghaziabad factory fire", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A major fire broke out in a packaging factory in Ghaziabad's Sihani Gate area in which three people are suspected to have lost their lives. Officials said that while the initial fire was doused in four hours, smaller ones that followed went on till Sunday morning. While the burnt bodies found couldn't be recognized, police said that they matched the description of three workers - Pradeep Kumar, Pradeep Saini and Kishan Pal - who went missing on Saturday.\"We still haven't been able to enter the basement which is filled with noxious fumes. There might be other people trapped there,\" said a police officer. The fire department said that the three bodies found are burnt completely. Four people have also been injured in the incident. \"The cause of the fire has not been ascertained as yet. The matter is being investigated,\" said SP (City), SS Yadav.Fire department officers said that the packaging factory had a number of highly inflammable substances within its premises which made extinguishing the fire difficult. The fire reportedly sparked off after a drum containing chemicals caught on flames at 10.30am. \"Thirty-two fire tenders were brought in from Ghaziabad, Meerut, Noida, Hapur and Hindon Air Force Station to douse the flames. There were at least 60 workers present inside the factory at the time the fire broke out,\" said a fire department officer.Initially, fire tenders were brought in from Ghaziabad, but when they proved ineffective additional ones were brought in from other districts.Fire department officers said that the factory did not have the necessary fire fighting equipment or a safe escape route for the workers. \"Factories in Ghaziabad rarely follow these guidelines. In most cases, owners try and save money by crowding the factory space to try and get more work done,\" said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093267", "title": "Badminton fraternity game for Hawk-Eye use", "text": "NAGPUR: No matter how big or small the nature of the match, there is always a complaint about line calls in badminton. A bad line call can not only potentially turn the tide of a match, it is even known to have disrupted careers.However, this could all change soon as Badminton World Federation (BWF) is seriously thinking about using technology to make the game a fair contest.The BWF events committee has proposed the use of a system, similar to the Hawk-Eye technology used in tennis, to reduce the amount of incorrect line calls. If the proposal receives the backing from the world governing body's council, players will be allowed a limited number of appeals per match, just like tennis and cricket.The badminton fraternity in India is delighted with the new proposal and is waiting for its final approval as soon as possible. They are game for it.Anand Pawar, who travels extensively throughout the world to compete in the international events, has welcomed the move. \"That's a good idea! There are too many incorrect line calls nowadays. But it will be hard to have cameras on all the courts to review decisions,\" said Pawar.Former Indian player Bhushan Akut echoed Anand`s views and believes it will end partiality by the officials.\"It is definitely worth trying. Biased calls are a part of this game when matches feature a local player versus a foreign player. Classic examples are the Asian Games and even the 2008 Olympic Games in China. It was no secret Chinese officials always favour their players,\" reasons Akut.Even officials, who more often than not receive brickbats from players, have given thumbs up. Uday Sane, a BWF certificated umpire from Pune, termed it as very good move.\"Today, the sport has gained tremendous popularity and more money is now involved. It may disappoint a player if he or she gets a wrong decision due to human error. The error is always an error. There has to be a scope to correct it. Human error should not be the reason why someone loses a match,\" stated Sane, who has officiated in several Super Series events.Former Indian shuttlers, who are now running successful coaching academies in Mumbai, Uday Pawar and Mangirish Palekar, have some doubts over the implementation of the system.\"I don't know whether the system will be accurate for badminton, but it will definitely reduce the controversy about local line judges giving calls in favour of home players. The Hawk-Eye needs to be tested for its accuracy before being used in official events for badminton,\" said Uday Pawar, who had formed a deadly doubles combination with Prakash Padukone in the 1980s.Palekar advocated the proposed technology should be used in all the tournaments in India.\"I feel that it will be useful but will require a lot of technology. Also, it would be implemented only at higher level tournaments like Super Series, Olympic and Asian Games. For State and National-level tournaments, it will be difficult to use this technology,\" said Palekar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17095639", "title": "I am playing for history: Leander Paes", "text": "LONDON: The Bryans - Bob and Mike - may have already sealed the year-end No.1 ranking, but India's Leander Paes and Czech Radek Stepanek, who have enjoyed an equally impressive last ten months, which alongside the Americans makes them the teams to beat in the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals, beginning Monday.Interestingly, the two heavyweight pairings find themselves in the same group of the season-ending championships, but it hardly matters given that the top two teams qualify for the knock-out stage of the competition.Paes, who has won four titles this season, said the world No.3 pairing was up to the challenge. \"We've had a great year. It started off with a big bang, winning the Australian Open. To do well early in a partnership is something that can happen. But to continue playing well right through the whole year, to continue playing right through the whole year shows the quality of tennis that we play.\"Paes, who is yet to win the competition and is looking to become the first Indian since Vijay Amritraj in 1977 to win the year-end championship, said, \"At this stage in my career I'm playing for milestones, I'm playing for history. I'm playing to check off landmarks in my career. I have tremendous respect for Radek for helping me achieve that. And also for the way he has put his heart on the court for me every day.\"Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna will provide the all-Indian interest, are drawn in Group B with the No 2 pairing of Canada's Daniel Nestor and Max Mirnyi of Belarus.Groupings:Group A: Bob and Mike Bryan (US); Leander Paes (Ind)/ Radek Stepanek (Cze); Marcel Granollers/Marc Lopez (Esp); Aisam-Ul-Haq Qureshi (Pak)/ Jean Julien Rojers (Ned).Group B:Max Mirnyi (Blrs)/ Daniel Nestor (Can); Robert Lindstedt (Swe)/ Horea Tecau (Rou); Mahesh Bhupathi/Rohan Bopanna (Ind); Jonathan Marray (GBR)/ Frederik Nielsen (Den).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17093990", "title": "Maoists shun brutality, cops say it's eyewash", "text": "RANCHI: It is not yet time to call a truce. But the Red rebels can definitely shun cruelty.The CPI(Maoist) has decided to give up brutality after differences arose within the organization over killing of Francis Indwar, inspector of special branch, in 2009. The rebels slit his throat before throwing the body on national highway No. 33.The rebels recently announced that following a debate over killing of Indwar, the organization has decided that in future they would not hack or slit throats of its enemies. According to a recent report, the Maoists said, \"We have now gradually started to do away with such methods which are considered cruel. Instead, we will shoot them.\"The leadership has already directed the guerrilla squads to refrain from such brutality during encounters with security personnel.However, Jharkhand Police - which have lost more than 250 men, including an SP and a DSP in anti-Maoist operations, in the past 10 years - is not ready to believe the announcement. The state has also lost around 430 civilians, whom the Reds branded as police informers before hacking them to death.\"Recently, two men were killed in Gumla. The rebels chopped their hands and then killed them. Last month, the rebels beat to death a couple suspected of living together in Ranchi. Now if the Maoists say they have changed their strategy following criticism after the brutal killing of Indwar in 2009, it is nothing more than an eyewash and no one is going to believe it,\" said a police officer.Jharkhand Police spokesman IG SN Pradhan said no one is going to believe the Maoists. \"The rebels have always been brutal and will remain so. As a true gesture why don't they announce and remove all the planted IEDs, which blow people into pieces and leave their faces and bodies damaged beyond recognition,\" said Pradhan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17096941", "title": "Taj corridor case: HC dismisses petition against Mayawati", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a major relief for the former Uttar Pradesh chief minister Mayawati, the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court on Monday dismissed the Public Interest Litigation (PIL) that challenged the Uttar Pradesh government's decision to refuse to initiate prosecution of BSP chief in the Rs 17 crore Taj corridor scam.The high court dismissed all the six petitions seeking to resume trial proceedings against Mayawati and her cabinet colleague Naseemuddin Siddiqui.Passing the order, the bench comprising justices Imtiyaz Murtaza and Ashwani Kumar Singh said all petitions were devoid of merit and were accordingly being dismissed.BSP leader and Mayawati's counsel Satish Chandra Mishra termed the petitions filed in the case as 'politically motivated' and pursued with 'malafide intention'.\"There are no offences against Mayawati in the Taj Corridor case,\" he told reporters after the court delivered a 74-page verdict. Following the Uttar Pradesh government's refusal to put Mayawati and her associates on trial, the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) stopped its enquiry into the scam in June 2007.In 2002, Mayawati launched the project to beautify areas near the Taj Mahal. According to reports, Rs 17 crore was released for the project and work started without any environmental clearance.The Supreme Court in 2003 had directed the CBI conduct an enquiry into the alleged scam.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095616", "title": "Diwali sweets get an exotic twist", "text": "KOLKATA: Rossogolla, sandesh, pantua, bonde... if this list of typical Bengali sweets puts you off and makes you rush to shops that sell sweetmeats like kaju barfi, laddoo, moong dal laddoo, kesar pedas, etc, tarry. The biggest names in Bengali sweets are re-inventing themselves and are ready to display the fruits of their experiments this Diwali, keeping the youth in mind. The old favourites will continue to be made and sold, however, but the sweet makers have great expectations from their new creations that not only have exotic ingredients but also names.The hot favourite destination, Balaram Mullick - that has three shops in Bhowanipore, Park Street and Ballygunge Phanri - is all set to unveil its 'nolen gurer truffle sandesh' and 'chhanar cheese cake'. The names are enough to draw a crowd. The cheese cake will not only have generous helpings of real cheese but also succulent slices of pineapple. \"I am sure that I will be able to grab the eyeball of the truffle cake-loving crowd with my sweets,\" laughs Sudip Mullick of Balaram Mullick. Experimenting with sweets is a passion for this fourth generation sweet maker.Chocolate and liqueur are being used liberally by sweet makers in their experiments. Chocolate rosogollas and sandesh are passe now, you will hear of Chocolate Excess and Chocolate Bonbon at Balaram Mullick, where the bellies of sandesh are being filled with generous doses of pure liquid chocolate. Girish Chandra Dey and Nakur Chandra Nandy, a sweet landmark off Beadon Street, that is lovingly called Nakur, is also experimenting with chocolates in its sweets.\"Everyone is adding a lot of chocolate to its traditional sandesh preparations keeping changing tastes in mind. We are no exception and all variants of our chocolate sandesh have become a huge hit,\" said Partha Nandy of Nakur. The shop is now ready with its Madhuja - a stuffing of doi and kheer, malai, butterscotch and strawberry. Some other new sweets from here are chocolate malai rolls, three star sandesh with butterscotch, strawberry and chocolate flavours etc.Similarly, the 186-year-old Bhim Chandra Nag is introducing a sandesh that will have generous doses of chocolate and saffron to give an indigenous yet exotic taste to the sandesh, said Pradip Nag, proprietor. \"We are yet to give it a name, but we will arrive at something before Diwali,\" Nag said.The old sweet shopowners feel that there is a distinct demographic change in the city and while earlier they could depend solely on their loyal Bengali clientele, now they can in no way ignore the non-Bengali buyer. Moreover, young buyers' tastes have changed. Most sweet shopowners agree that the most popular dessert among the youth is ice cream and hence they have to now make sweets that can compete with this eternal favourite. So you have the gelato sandesh that has an equal mix of chhana and grated mangoes. The makers claim that these taste and feel as yummy as ice creams.\"My father-in-law swears by old sweets like langcha and ice cream sandesh. But neither me nor my husband are even interested. So this time he has promised us some rum-filled sweets from Balaram Mullick. This is one of the latest innovations and we are looking forward to them,\" said Anusuya Banerjee, a homemaker who lives on Harish Mukherjee Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lukcnow", "code": "17093731", "title": "Shop in Gomtinagar mall catches fire", "text": "LUKCNOW: Commotion prevailed at Eastend Mall in Gomtinagar on Sunday afternoon after fire erupted in one of the shops situated on the ground floor. Three fire tenders were pressed into service to douse flames and the situation was brought under control in less than an hour. Fortunately, no life was lost in the accidental fire, which took place on a day, when the mall registers its maximum footfalls of the week.According to officials in the fire department, the fire started in the Archies Gallery allegedly due to short-circuit. The store manager noticed smoke emanating from the false ceiling of the store and alerted other workers in the shop. \"Preliminary reports suggest that the fire started due to a spark in the wiring running over the store. The ceiling got burnt and soon the material in the store, which seemed to be highly inflammable, caught fire,\" said Sheshnath Yadav, Gomtinagar fire officer, and added that the fire fighting system of the mall helped his team contain fire quickly.In a matter of seconds, the greeting cards and other gift items in the store caught fire and smoke filled the entire ground floor passage of the mall. The people in the mall were told to evacuate the premises and movie shows cancelled by the mall authorities. Rajesh Tiwari, the owner of the store said, \"I was on my way to the mall from my residence in Jankipuram, when my staff informed me about the fire. I was glad to know that all my people were safe.\" The store was insured and Tiwari declined to give any details on the value of the material lost due to fire though it was evident that figure will run into multiple lakhs.Meanwhile, people who had booked movie tickets had to cancel their plans, as the mall had shut operations in the day. Meanwhile, those who had booked movie tickets on Sunday can call on 9670000045 for refunds. According to a mall representative, the mall management has decided to refund the booking amount to its patrons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095467", "title": "Like-minded people pool in money", "text": "In an attempt to \"give back to society\" in return to what they got from it, a group of like-minded people have been providing education and healthcare to the poorest of the poor.Sri Guru Narasimha Mithra Mandali, a voluntary organization set up by people from diverse backgrounds, has been undertaking humanitarian projects and programmes in Mysore. Its primary effort is to bring together resource, power and will of people and harness them to improve the quality of life of the underprivileged.Ever since plastic surgeon Dr P Pundaleeka Herle formed the association in 2005, it has been sponsoring students to pursue higher studies, says Mandali's B Suresh M Holla. The beneficiaries are students studying from Class 6 to PG courses. There are over 50 students who have received such help to study high school, PU, graduation, medicine, engineering and PG courses across the state.The members of organization personally visit the applicants' houses and collect information about their family background. \"After identifying their needs, the organization monitors the progress of each beneficiary,\" Holla added. The funds are raised from 136 members who are working in different firms, he said, adding that the relatives of the members have also joined them for the cause.\"Initially, we started helping an engineering student with Rs 22,900. The second year saw four more beneficiaries, for whom we disbursed Rs 76,550. In the third year, we added four more to the list, and raised the scholarship amount to Rs 1 lakh. In the fourth year, we helped 21 students with Rs 4 lakh. In the fifth year (2010-11), their number rose to 27 students, while the amount stood at Rs 5 lakh. So far, 51 students have been provided with Rs 8 lakh,\" he said.Their efforts have paid off, with students turning engineers to be placed in prestigious IT firms.\"The success of the scheme has made more and more sponsors come forward to fund the educational expenses of students,\" he said.Mandali secretary Satish Handa said they don't expect anything from the beneficiaries. \"They voluntarily come forward and share their earnings to help poor students,\" he added. Apart from this, Mandali also helps rural people with treatment in reputed hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093837", "title": "Akhilesh Yadav asks BHEL to complete Anpara-D by '13", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Sunday asked the officials of Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited to complete and commission the Anpara-D project \"under all circumstances\" by June 2013. The CM also raised concerns over the rising project costs, spiralling interest and the increasing power crisis in Uttar Pradesh, and said that the state government had entered into a contract with BHEL in 2006 time, but only one unit has been made operational since then. In a meeting with senior BHEL officials including its chairman and managing director, BP Rao, Akhilesh extracted a promise of fast and effective implementation of all pending works within the stipulated deadlines.He also said that officials of the state government should ensure that quality benchmark is adhered to in order to ensure better power supply for the state, and added that officials of both sides should sit down and make an action plan for completing the projects in time.Reviewing the progress of power projects undertaken by BHEL, Akhilesh said, \"Inordinate delay in implementation had resulted in rising interest and is taking a toll not only on the cost of the project but also on power production.\" As per the government, BHEL would play an important role in helping the state tide over the power crisis, by spending about Rs 9,000 crore on projects that have been assigned to it on a single tender basis. Akhilesh also said two under-construction projects -Anpara-D and upgradation work of Obra and Harduaganj projects should be ready soon.Hauling up the BHEL projects for inordinate delays, the chief minister said that the contract with BHEL was signed in 2006, but only one unit has become functional during the intervening period. Also reviewing the work of modernisation and upgradation of two units of Paricha and Harduaganj, he said that the government functionaries should ensure it is completed soon. Akhilesh also directed managing director, UP Vidyut Utpadan Nigam, Dheeraj Sahu, to get some UPVUN engineers trained by NTPC and BHEL to keep them abreast of the latest technologies and machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097829", "title": "It feels like Shoaib and I are still dating, says Sania Mirza", "text": "There's something undeniably radiant about Sania Mirza, India's No. 1 women's tennis player. Call it the lingering delight at winning the mixed doubles title earlier this year at the French Open, post a series of injuries or a simple contentment with life \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the effects are there for all to see. In a candid chat with BT, the tennis ace speaks on family, fashion, career, love and more.You have lost oodles of weight. Any special workout regime you've been following of late?  I'm not doing anything special. I'm not trying to lose weight or anything. Yes, I've just added a few new workouts to my training. But I promise you, once I step on those scales, I'll weigh the same as I did earlier. I have toned down a lot, but there has been no conscious effort to get thin.People have been raving about your recent social appearance where you looked extremely stylish...  I really don't think about making fashion statements. Just like any other woman or girl, I like to dress up. I think I'm fortunate enough to be dressed by some of India's best designers and to have the opportunity to wear their wonderful creations. But I have never made a conscious effort to try and be a fashion icon or something. I like wearing nice clothes and fortunately for me, today I'm able to sit down and discuss my looks with the designers. What you have been seeing of late is a collective effort. But I'm not a label person. In fact, I wear stuff off the streets at times. Style for me is all about being comfortable.Coming to your career, you've made an amazing comeback post being riddled with injuries...  You know, I have had three major surgeries and two major injuries. For some reason, every time I peak in my career, I injure myself. So, I'm constantly on the comeback trail. Fortunately, this is the only year where I've played continuously without getting hurt. But that's also because I have cut down a lot on playing singles. When you play a lot of singles and doubles, the way I did in the past, it takes a toll on your body. Tennis is becoming more and more physical each day. It takes a lot of mental strength and a good support system for you to strike back when you're down and out. Thankfully, I have a great team to work with. My family and husband are my pillars of strength. Surprisingly, every time the chips were down, I've managed to strike back and come out tops. Winning a (Grand) Slam this year is the icing on the cake. I truly think I'm blessed!Do you feel a sense of redemption with your comeback considering people are quick to write you off?  Not really. I don't play tennis to prove a point to anyone. I play for my country and myself. It's not changing what people say or think. It's about what I can do. If I feel I have the ability to achieve something and haven't used my potential to that end, I'll keep trying till I succeed. In tennis, I still have a long way to go. I believe that I have a few years of tennis left in me and that's what makes me strive hard to give my best to the game.You're pairing up with Bob Bryan to play mixed doubles...  I've been friends with Bob for a long time. I personally think he is one of the best ever in the game. We always planned to play together but it never worked out. Either he was committed to another player or vice versa. After the US Open was over, we decided to play together for the Australian Open before we got committed to playing with other players. So, that's how it happened. Any plans to play singles again? I think I still have the ability to play singles. It's all about how my body holds up. I've been on a break for a couple of weeks now and have another week to go. When I get back on court, I have to see how my knee holds up. It's been giving me some trouble of late. So, that's the only thing holding me back as of now. But I'll see how my body reacts and take a call on playing singles again in a few weeks time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17096802", "title": "Telephone subscriber base of India touches 939.57 million", "text": "NEW DELHI: Total telephone subscriber base in the country grew by 4.42 per cent to 939.57 million, while the teledensity has increased to 77.28 per cent at the end of August 2012.The user base stood at 899.78 million and teledensity at 74.96 per cent the end of August 2011.However, wireline user base declined to 31.2 million by August end this year, from 34.1 million in August 2011, according to the data compiled by Department of Telecommunications (DoT).The wireless phones have increased to 908.3 million in august 2012, from 865.7 million in the same period last year.State-run telecom firms BSNL and MTNL continue to have the majority share in wireline segment while private operators dominate the wireless space.BSNL and MTNL enjoy 79.93 per cent market share in wireline phones and 11.51 per cent share in wireless segment.BSNL is also taking a number of initiatives to retain the landline customers by launching consumer loyalty programmes and providing various plans for landline broadband connections, BSNL CMD RK Upadhyay said.He added that the shift from wireline to wireless phones has now stablised.Among operators, Bharti Airtel retains its leadership position with market share of 20.24 per cent followed by Vodafone Essar with 16.32 per cent, Reliance Group with 14.46 per cent, state-run BSNL and MTNL with 13.78 per cent and Idea with 12.34 per cent during the period.The share of urban areas in the number of telephones has decreased to 63.77 per cent at the end of August 2012 while the share of rural areas has increased to 36.23 per cent.Urban areas have 599.18 million phones while rural areas have 340.38 million phones at the end of August 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094986", "title": "Mumbai city lights", "text": "Naipaul DiariesAs a student in the UK, Anil Dharker remembers being enraged by the way India looked and sounded in the book 'An Area of Darkness'. \"When you are an Indian abroad , you become super patriotic ,\" said Dharker while introducing Nobel laureate V S Naipaul at a function in South Mumbai last week. In conversation with moderator Farrukh Dhondy , Naipaul , the Trinidadian-B ritish writer of Indian descent , discussed several things , including the process and form of writing , his Nobel speech and even his cat Augustus . The writer , who confessed that he was a fan of the \"sharp , pointed prose \" of 16th century literature , had received the cat as a gift several years ago . As it was scrawny and had undergone treatment , \"I decided to name him Augustus after the Roman emperor who became king after his empire had fallen ,\" said Naipaul . \"And then , I realized that it was a common name for cats .\"Alter EchoNothing can put off a theatre actor more than the ringing of a mobile phone during a show. This was quiet evident during Tom Alter's solo performance in director M Saeed Alam's play 'Maulana Azad', based on the life of the freedom fighter , at Y B Chavan Centre the previous Friday . Whenever a cellphone rang-and this happened quite a few times-Alter would link the next dialogue with it. At one point , it rang when he was recounting Azad's agony at his wife's death in Kolkata while he was in jail . \"After my release , I went straight to my wife's grave to say fateha (prayer for the dead ) in her honour ,\" said Alter and then the cellphone rang again . Vexed , Alter added , \"Lekin iss cellphone ka fateha kaun padhega? Please switch off your mobile phone ,\" he pleaded .Master of ArtsMaster Bhagwan , Hindi filmdom's much-toasted funster whose birth anniversary in underway , was a quintessential Mumbai mulga. Born in Dadar , Bhagwan Palav was deeply steeped in the girangaon culture of the textile mills that then dotted the Dadar-Parel landscape . He and his brother Shankarrao were acclaimed wrestlers (therefore , the honorific 'master' ) and trained young children in the art of dhishum-dhishum . Master Bhagwan joined films and , before long , set the cash registers jingling with his daredevil stunts , recall veteran cinema buffs. However , it was Raj Kapoor whose remark that a good social entertainer was not Master Bhagwan's cup of chai prompted him to join mainstream Hindi cinema . Stung by the rebuff , Master Bhagwan wrote 'Albela' , a tragicomic story of a wannabe film actor . The film became a top grosser in the 1950s. Bhagwan's famous dance steps , immortalized in 'Bholi surat dil ke khote' from the same film , inspired greats such as Amitabh Bachchan and Kamal Hasan in succeeding years . Master Bhagwan spent the last years of his life in his Dadar chawl . He would often recall his rise and decline in Hindi filmdom , peppering the narrative with hearty laughs and bitter-sweet memories . Straight from 'Albela', it seemed .Ship ShapeThat a sailor's life is full of surprises , pleasant and unpleasant , is known . A layman's imagination of the threats and challenges at sea , though , is far different from what a sailor actually faces . A recent media interaction with Lieutenant Commander Abhilash Tomy , the first sailor to set forth on a solo, non-stop circumnavigation , burst quite a few myths about sailing . A journalist asked , \"What do you do on the ship when you are alone ? Don't you get bored ?\" Tomy clarified that there is barely an idle moment on the boat after one sails , rests , cooks, repairs and so on . One has to rest and sleep when there is time , as the next day can be sleepless if the weather turns , he said . Another reporter with a Titanic hangover asked what if his ship were faced with an iceberg ? Well , he said , now sailors get an iceberg alert way in advance so that they can steer clear of it. And what if big fish attack the boat ? My dear friend , another sailor now chose to reply on Tomy's behalf , big fish attack boats and ships only in the movies .Cloud RedAt a recent visit to Byculla Market , this correspondent experienced an unfortunate downpour . She was buying lemons from a street vendor when she felt something rain down on her . No prizes for guessing it wasn't rain . The 'cloudburst ' had occurred somewhere around the fourth storey of the building in whose shadow the vendor had set up shop . A betel-chewing resident of the building had coolly expectorated out of his window , unconcerned about the natural trajectory his bloody spittle was to follow. The lemon vendor sympathetically handed her some paper with which to mop up the mess , and pointed to the multi-coloured beach umbrella hoisted over his stack of lemons , saying , \"That's why we have the umbrella - not for rain or sun - but the daily shower of paan we receive .\" Bet the Met can't forecast that .(Contributed by Sharmila Ganesan-Ram , Mohammed Wajihuddin, Ambarish Mishra, Chinmayi Shalya and Joeanna Rebello Fernandes. Compiled by Rucha Biju Chitrodia)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095047", "title": "It\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s an attempt to ruin my career: Suresh Kumar", "text": "BANGALORE: Urban development and law minister S Suresh Kumar has maintained that charges of land denotification against him are politically motivated to ruin his career.Reacting to the case booked by Bangalore Metropolitan Task Force (BMTF ) against him, Kumar on Sunday said the land located in Bangalore or within BMTF's jurisdiction doesn't come under his purview. \"In this case in April 2009, I referred the matter to the advocate-general . As law minister , it's my duty to forward the department's opinion. It is up to the administrative department to take a decision on the law department's opinion,\" he said.The BMTF on Saturday booked cases against Kumar, his former cabinet colleague Ess Enn Krishnaiah Setty and the CM's former principal secretary VP Baligar for alleged involvement in denotifying land reserved for housing for the poor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093505", "title": "Commuters fume as announcers go silent", "text": "MUMBAI: Harbour line passengers were inconvenienced due to the mega block and lack of announcements on Sunday.\"There was no announcement and we were not informed about any delay or mega block over the public address system,\" said a commuter from Nerul.CR public relations officer A K Singh said officials at all the stations between Mankhurd and Panvel had been informed about the mega block. \"It is their job to make frequent announcements and inform commuters. If announcements were not made, then it will be probed\" Singh said. According to Singh, since trains were running slow in the Down direction and were via Main line to Kurla, the frequency of services running in the Up direction (Nerul to CST) on Harbour line was affected. The problem persisted till 3.30pm after which the services as scheduled, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "17094968", "title": "Manipur creates new cop post for Mary Kom", "text": "IMPHAL: The Manipur government on Saturday issued an order appointing Olympics bronze medalist MC Mary Kom superintendent of police (sports ), a new post created in the police department, to upgrade her designation.During a reception ceremony held here on August 19, chief minister Okram Ibobi Singh, while handing over a cheque of Rs 75 lakh to Mary, had announced his government's decision to promote Mary to the rank of SP (sports). Singh had also given Mary three acres of land for her boxing academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094512", "title": "Japan looks for security alliance with India", "text": "NEW DELHI: Japan and India may start a bilateral group to discuss security in the South China Sea, according to Japanese media. This grouping of senior officials would be set up during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's forthcoming visit to Tokyo on November 15.The Asahi Shimbun reported that Japanese PM Yoshihiko Noda would be looking for a security alliance with India as Japan attempts to counter a belligerent China over the Senkaku/Diaoyu Islands in the East China Sea. Part of this exercise could involve increased naval exercises.Japan and India already hold bilateral exercises as well as \"pass-ex\" manouvers. The Japanese PM will also propose that the Maritime Self-Defence Force and the Indian Navy hold joint exercises in the Indian Ocean in addition to existing drills around Japan, the Japanese newspaper said.In September, Japan placed three of the five islands under state ownership and China has been patrolling aggressively in the region since then.The Japanese also briefed Indian and US officials on the dispute in their recent trilateral meeting. Sources said this particular issue has dangerous portents if it goes out of control. Recently, Japanese businesses, cars and embassy came under attack in China amid vociferous protests on the islands issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "faridkot", "code": "17095397", "title": "Faridkot abduction row:Police arrest Nishan's mother, accomplice in Chandigarh", "text": "FARIDKOT: The Punjab police on Sunday arrested Navjot Kaur, the mother of Nishan Singh, the prime accused in the abduction case of a minor girl of Faridkot, and two others from a flat in Chandigarh. The other arrested include Dimpy Samra, a property dealer and friend of Navjot, and Pankaj Gautam, a resident of Moga, who owns the flat in Sector 49, Chandigarh.Police said Navjot and Dimpy had been hiding in this flat ever since the girl was abducted in Faridkot on September 24. Both are allegedly the prime conspirators in the abduction case. Pankaj has been arrested on charges of helping and providing a hiding place to the accused.All three will be produced before a court in Faridkot on Monday.IG, Bathinda range, Nirmal Singh Dhillon said, \"Police have arrested all the total 17 accused in the case. Pankaj will be charged for helping the accused.\"The abducted girl, 15, was found in Goa on October 21 and Nishan arrested. While Nishan is in police custody, the girl has been staying in Jalandhar-based Nari Niketan as she refused to go back to her parents' house.Meanwhile, Gundagardi Viroshi Action Committee is planning to hold demonstration here on November 4, to demand a CBI inquiry into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17094356", "title": "Solar fencing mooted to check electrocution of elephants", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The forest department has submitted a proposal to the government to go for solar power fencing in some of the cultivable areas in Ganjam district to save the standing crops from depredation of wild animals, particularly elephants, and prevent their deaths due to electrocution.Solar power fencing is modern day's alternative to conventional perimeter protection. It gives a sharp and short but a safe shock and creates psychological fear against tampering. The alarm incorporated in the system gets activated and alerts the inmates of the protected area.Elephants and wild boars get electrocuted frequently in the district when they come in contact with live wires laid by farmers to save their crops. At least five elephants and one wild boar were electrocuted in the district last month. Forest officials prevented such incidents in at least 20 other places in the district by removing live wires last month.In the latest seizure in Narayanpatna under Muzagada forest range recently, officials recovered around 900 metre GI wire, semi-conductors and service wires. Electricity was drawn by hooking from a nearby electric sub-station, sources said.\"We could avert wildlife deaths in the area with timely detection of hooking,\" said divisional forest officer (DFO), Ghumusara north, K C Mishra. A herd of seven pachyderms was about one km away from the spot where the live wires were laid, he said.In the first phase, the DFO suggested solar power fencing around a three-km stretch in Narayanpatna area where local farmers cultivate paddy in around 200 acres. Around Rs 8 lakh would be required for the purpose, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095531", "title": "Security at octroi posts to be beefed up", "text": "NASHIK: Keeping in mind the instances in the past few months of corporators or local leaders threatening octroi post employees, the octroi department has demanded that security be increased at the octroi posts and also in the squad.At present, there are 23 security guards at the octroi posts, with one person on duty during one shift. The octroi department has demanded armed security be increased. The officials said that they would need at least 50 security guards. They added that phone calls from political leaders instructing them to not charge octroi from particular people or traders as they pass the posts is not uncommon.During the preparatory stages for collection of octroi by the NMC in May, a tender was floated for hiring security guards through private agency. \"The tender was opened and 50 security guards were finalized by the then officiating municipal commissioner, but things did not materialize after that. We are skeptical about hiring through a contractor because many times, they demand permanent jobs,\" said an official of the octroi department.Municipal Commissioner Sanjay Khandare said that homeguards and ex-servicemen of defence field would be roped in for providing security at the octroi posts.NMC collects 10 cr tax despite staff shortageRecently, around 140 employees, including 50 engineers, were sent back to their respective departments from octroi department. Despite shortage of staff in these departments, the NMC collected Rs 10 crore as house tax and water cess, said municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare.There were 400 employees in the octroi department earlier, sent from various departments to collect octroi when the NMC took over the charge from the private agency on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094501", "title": "From 2013, MBA admission to be based on CMAT score in Kerala", "text": "KOCHI: From next academic year, business schools in the state will have to admit students on the basis of their Common Management Admission Test (CMAT) score. CMAT is conducted by All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE), CMAT scores will help students seek admissions in all management programmes in AICTE-approved institutions and university departments. However, business schools which offer postgraduate diploma in management can go for an entrance exam of their choice.\"Late week, AICTE called us for a meeting in Thiruvananthapuram and we were told in no uncertain terms that all institutes offering management courses approved by AICTE can only admit students for the courses based on their score in CMAT,\" said Joseph I Injodey, dean, Rajagiri Centre for Business Studies.Till date, management schools in the state were admitting students to MBA courses either on the basis of a student's score in CAT conducted by IIM or Management Aptitude Test (MAT) conducted by All India Management Association. \"Now students won't have to appear for multiple exams. This will save time and money,\" said Dr M Bhasi, professor, School of Management Studies, Cochin University of Science and Technology.However, private business schools fear that AICTE may not be able to reach several students in remote areas across the country. \"As per the Supreme Court judgment of 2002, non-public sector institutions have absolute right to admit students and AICTE has no legal right to enforce their test on us. Even if the test is mandatory, it will not work as CMAT will not be able to reach all students,\" said GPC Nayar, president of Associations of Private, Unaided Professional Colleges of India and founder of SCMS-Kochi.There are 4,300 business schools in the country, with 3,700 institutes offering MBA courses with total student intake of four lakh. In Kerala, there are around 60 business schools, with total student intake of 7,000 plus. The detailed merit list will be provided to respective state governments for allotting the students through central counselling. In case there is no central counselling, scores awarded will be used for admission in AICTE-approved institutes or university departments through separate group discussion and interview conducted by these institutes.Interested students have to register online on the AICTE website from November 1, 2012, to January 2, 2013, for the computer-based three-hour entrance test that will be conducted in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095706", "title": "Bengal liver foundation gets Rs 2.96 crore grant", "text": "KOLKATA: The Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation (BMSF) has awarded a Rs 2.96-crore ($539,035) grant to the Liver Foundation, West Bengal and aims to turn into a Centre of Excellence. The grants come as a shot in the arm not only for the Kolkata-based NGO but also for the state government which funds it. which was formed by several health professionals in 2006.The Liver Foundation has been partnering BMSF for the last five years and making efforts to develop comprehensive interventions for hepatitis B, C and comorbid non-communicable diseases, like type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and fatty liver disease.The Bristol-Myers Squibb Foundation (BMSF) who has awarded a $539,035 or Rs 2.96 crore in grants to the Liver Foundation, West Bengal will aim to turn it into a Center for Excellence. The grants come as a shot in the arm for the Kolkata-based NGO which was formed by several health professionals in 2006. The Liver Foundation has been partnering BMSF for the last five years now trying to develop comprehensive interventions for hepatitis B, C and comorbid non-communicable diseases, like type 2 diabetes, hypertension, cardiovascular disease and fatty liver disease. The government - which has been funding the NGO - also gains for all these are targeted at Bengal's socio-economically backward population.On Sunday, BMSF President John Damonti on Sunday along with MoS (health) Chandrima Bhattacharya inaugurated a three-day conference in Kolkata aimed not only to give a leg-up up to their partners but to work on plausible timeframes and achievables. Damonti later said China and India together have an estimated 123 million people affected by hepatitis B and another 59 million by hepatitis C - this is 50% of all hepatitis B and C infections worldwide. BSMF which is funding four projects in China and India, but the biggest grants in the $ 1.69 million largesse were for the Bengal project.Damonti also clearly indicated they hoped the Bengal initiative will turn into a Centre of Excellence and can to be replicated elsewhere.Bhattacharya said, \"We are organising health camps, giving special focus on vaccines, like Hepatitis B and C, and are regularly taking stock of things. I do not want to make any political statement here, but it is a fact that we are still laggard in healthcare services. We are trying to pull it up. And in this, if you extend a helping hand to us, we will remain grateful. For, the state of finances leaves us constrained in what should be done and what is being done. I am very enthused that you have chosen to partner the Liver Foundation of Bengal and help us in our efforts to eradicate this malaise.\" The minister also promised BSMF all support in their endeavors. \"The chief minister of our state is also the health minister and she would like to extend her fullest support to any such initiative,\" she said.The Liver Foundation of Bengal president Asokananda Konar said among the various awareness and intervention programmes being undertaken in four districts (Birbhum, Nadia, Purulia and Darjeeling), efforts have been made to rope in rural medical practitioners or quacks in remote villages under the ambit. \"It remains a fact thatVast stretches of rural Bengal don't fall under the ambit of the healthcare delivery system. It would be wise if can mobilise this potent resource going forward and train them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17094116", "title": "Nitish goes solo with demand for special state status to Bihar", "text": "PATNA: From the unanimous all-party resolution passed by the Bihar legislature to the JD(U)'s solo show on Sunday, the agenda of special state status to the state seems to have been virtually hijacked by chief minister Nitish Kumar.Although the demand is originally claimed to have been made by then chief minister Rabri Devi before Atal Bihari Vajpayee when he was the PM in 2002, it took shape when Nitish almost herded the MLAs into unanimously passing a resolution making the demand from the Centre on April 4, 2006. As if to prove he meant business, Nitish during his second term as CM got similar resolution passed afresh by the two Houses of state legislature in March 2010.The CM kept all parties in the loop on the needs of backward Bihar till April 6, 2012, when he led an all-party delegation from the state to PM Manmohan Singh and demanded 50% of the power generated at NTPC's upcoming plants at Barh and Kahalgaon. It, therefore, came as a bolt from the blue for other political parties when JD(U) on June 19, 2012, announced its first-ever rally since it came to power in 2005 to press for the tag of special status. It did not join hands even with ally BJP for the Adhikar Rally.Though it was a gala show at the Gandhi Maidan on Sunday, there were many who felt it would have impacted the Centre more effectively had the rally involved all political parties. \"It would have been healthier for the state had the CM invited all parties. But there's no harm if other parties hold separate rallies,\" BJP's state president C P Thakur said, adding his party was already making preparations for a Hoonkar Rally in Patna in April on the issue.CPM state secretary Vijaykant Thakur thinks the demand is not practical. \"We would have stayed away even if we had been invited to join the rally,\" Vijaykant said, adding that the rally was originally conceived to serve twin purposes of projecting Nitish as a PM candidate and dumping BJP in 2014. IAC's Ratnesh Chaudhary also felt the rally was aimed more at assessing the popularity of Nitish than creating a big buzz for special status to the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17095374", "title": "Made Snana: DK police to write to district admin", "text": "MANGALORE: Dakshina Kannada district police will officially correspond with the district administration to ascertain the government's stand on 'Made Made Snana' that is held at Sri Kshetra Kukke on the occasion of champa shashti.A report will be sought from jurisdictional police inspector and district special branch and the same will be sent to deputy commissioner for necessary action and follow up, said Abhishek Goyal, superintendent of police here on Sunday.Chairing the monthly SC/ST meeting organized by district police, SP taking a note of concerns expressed by members of dalit communities on the religious practice said the police will go with the decision taken by the district administration.\"Popular sentiments of cross sections of people too will be included in the report,\" SP said, adding that the final call on allowing or banning the practice rests with the state government and the administration.L Shekar, of Dalita Hakkugala Horata Samiti, Belthangady said when moves are afoot to ban the Kalkunda cattle fair at Subrahmanya under pressure from right-wing organizations, why is the district administration hesitating to impose a ban on 'Made Made Snana', which is fostering superstition in the name of tradition. A cross section of intellectuals headed by GK Govinda Rao has voiced their support against continuation of the practice, a dalit leader said.This year, champa shasti will be observed at Sri Kshetra Subrahmanya from December 14 to 16.Made Made Snana is held on the temple courtyard during the festival. Dalits are opposing the practice on grounds that they are 'forced' to roll over plantain leaves containing leftover food consumed by people from upper caste on pretext that it cures skin disease.The temple authorities' claim there is no compulsion and it is left to individual discretion of devotees to do so.Students to be sensitized on perils of footboard travelTraffic police in Puttur will sensitize students on perils of travelling on footboards of Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation (KSRTC) buses during peak hours, MN Anucheth, assistant superintendent of police, Puttur said.While students are forced to do so due to paucity of KSRTC buses, it is still dangerous to their lives and limbs, he said, adding that traffic police personnel will be instructed to keep tabs on such practice in the larger interests of the student community.Taking a note of complaint from Ishwari, member, Dalita Hakkugala Horatta Samiti of students travelling in dangerous conditions in KSRTC buses in Puttur at the monthly SC/ST meet on Sunday, ASP said while situation has improved with KSRTC introducing more buses in Puttur division, solution lies in introducing more buses. \"A request will be made to the KSRTC authorities to operate more buses during peak hours as well,\" he noted.On the issue of eve-teasing in Belthangady taluk, SP Abhishek Goyal urged leaders of the community to bring such instances to notice of police. Opining that those indulging in such acts are locals, he said police is hamstrung in acting against them due to lack of complaint or specific information about such pranksters. College authorities in such areas should take proactive role in appointing women staff as counsellors and help students, SP said.When Neelayya Kemmaje said the monthly police station-level meetings had not been held at Vittla police station for past eight months, SP directed Bantwal CPI Anil Kulkarni to attend the next meeting and submit a report on the proceedings with photographic evidence to him.Gopal Kadumatt, member, district legal services authority urged SP to submit a report to the district administration on the lacunaes in rural infrastructure in general and dalit colonies in particular. SP pointed out that the police department lacks expertise to do so and it is the duty of the revenue authorities. However, if any such issue has a bearing on the law and order situation, police will definitely intervene and keep the administration posted, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17094204", "title": "Three held for prostitution in Baga raid", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police officers headed by police inspector Nolasco Raposo conducted a raid in the wee hours of Sunday morning at Tito's lane in Sautawaddo, Baga.Twenty-five-year-old Piyush Sharma, a native of Hyderabad was caught red-handed while delivering a 24-year-old girl, a native of Mumbai to customers.The customers have been identified as Giridhar Ponanga, 38, a native of Tamil Nadu and Venkata Suresh Thota, 37, native of Hyderabad.The pimp and the two customers have been arrested and remanded to four days police custody.The rescued girl has been lodged in the protective home at Merces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094480", "title": "Passport rules relaxed for senior citizens", "text": "Senior citizens applying for fresh or re-issue of passport and all categories of normal reissue applications will be allowed to submit their applications at Passport Seva Kendra as \"walk-in' applicants beginning today. They no longer need online appointment. Under Passport Seva Project, the procedures are periodically reviewed and new measures introduced in order to improve governance in passport offices, saidS Sasikumar, Regional Passport Officer in a press release said \"walk-in\" applicants are required to register their applications online and obtain ARN number at least 24 hours in advance and visit the Passport Seva Kendra, Coimbatore between 10am and 12.30pm. No prior appointment is needed. The applications will be accepted on first-come-first-serve basis. He further said that in order to reduce the problems of applicants in getting online appointments, the following categories of applicants are being allowed to submit applications at PSK as \"walk-in\" applicants, including infants below 3 years of age, whose parents hold valid passports, physically challenged, applications for issue of police clearance certificate, applications for reissue (additional booklet) when all the pages are in, applications for reissue in lieu of change in ECR status, applications for reissue with spouse name endorsement without.In addition, these provisions will be extended to government servants and their dependant family members who have ID proof , no objection certificate from their organization and tatkal applications of all categories.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17095413", "title": "Power shortage likely as dam levels fall in Bhakra", "text": "PATIALA: The dipping water level in Bhakra and Pong dams might affect power generation and thereby cause electricity shortage in Punjab. Water level in Bhakra dam was 1,654 feet on November 3; it was 1,672 feet on this day last year.Meanwhile, water level in Pong dam was 1,376 feet on November 3, four feet less than it was on this day in 2011. In Dehar dam, the level was 2,923 feet (2,924 feet last year).Chairman-cum-managing director of Punjab State Power Corporation Ltd, K D Chaudhary said they were fully aware of the possible consequences and have been monitoring the situation closely. \"We have made arrangements for more power from other states to handle any shortfall in the coming days,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093066", "title": "Those involved in poll duty will vote via post", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief electoral officer of Gujarat Anita Karwal has informed all distrsict collectors that professionals and officers who would be engaged in election duties on polling days on November 13 and 17, will be allowed to caste their votes via post. Thousands of employess of government staff, policemen, professional videographers and even call center staff who would be involved in election duties would be allowed this facility.To ensure that they can vote the district election officer would be responsible for making the facilities available to them. \"Every time, hundreds of employees fail to cast their votes as election duties keep them busy. This time, special provisions will be in place to ensure that they get to vote,\" says a senior election officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095644", "title": "Crackers to burn a hole in pockets", "text": "KOLKATA: Fireworks enthusiasts had better be prepared to shell out more for their favourite sparklers, flowerpots and other varieties this Kali Puja and Diwali. With Kolkata Police banning the sale of fireworks from roadside stalls this year, revellers will have to buy them from the 500-odd licensed shops in the city that sell them at a premium. While 200 of them are regular licensed stores, the rest are retailers that are issued temporary licence for sale of fireworks before Kali Puja and Diwali.Police have also decided to permit three Bazi Bazaars - the week-long fireworks fair that is held prior to Kali Puja and Diwali - in the city this year. Apart from the one near Saheed Minar that has been regularly held in recent years, retail stores will be set up at Kishore Bharati Stadium in Survey Park and Barisha High School ground in Behala from November 7 to 13.Addressing societies of multi-storied apartments, Debasish Roy, additional commissioner of Kolkata Police, said retailers selling fireworks will have to prominently display a board provided by the police, identifying them as authorized licensed stores. \"Sale and purchase of fireworks from any other shops is illegal. We have set up 90 teams to do the rounds in the city and crack down on such illegal retailers,\" Roy said at the meeting convened by police and state pollution control board on Sunday.The cops had met Kali Puja organizers at Kala Mandir on Saturday to remind them of noise pollution curbs. Clubs and puja committees have been asked not to burst crackers during the festival or at immersion processions and regulate the use of loudspeakers.While police claimed that they had been forced to prohibit unlicensed sale of fireworks to prevent revellers from buying illegal crackers, a section of residents attending the meeting felt the move was aimed at garnering additional revenue for the cash-starved state. \"Those who want to buy crackers despite the ban will do so from markets at Champahati or Nungi in South 24-Parganas and Narayanpur in North 24-Parganas,\" the secretary of a housing society said. The ACP, however, said a meeting had been held with commissionerates to prevent entry of banned crackers.\"Altogether, 15 entry points to the city are under surveillance. This year, we have already confiscated 12 tonne of banned crackers against 14.5 tonne last year,\" Roy said.Warning residents to be cautious while purchasing fireworks, deputy commissioner (reserve force) Ashok Biswas said buyers were as much liable to prosecution as sellers. \"My advice is that don't risk buying even those crackers that claim to generate noise below 90 decibel (dB) because no one will be able to confirm the claim. The festival is a time to rejoice and we don't want it to be spoilt by detention at the police station,\" he said, adding that 200 teams will be on vigil on Kali Puja and Diwali nights.Residents' associations of highrise buildings had been particularly invited to the meeting as PCB and police had in the past few years discovered a disturbing trend of apartment owners bursting banned crackers on the terraces of buildings while locking the ground floor entrance to avoid prosecution. Hence, police are urging housing society officials to lock the door to the terrace this year. Violation was recorded at 96 residential buildings and two associations had been fined.Sending out a stern message against those who flout the norm, PCB chairman Binoy Kanti Dutta said if self-regulation did not work, the administration will crack down on culprits. \"For the sake of 2% of citizens who enjoy bursting crackers, the rest 98% cannot suffer. We won't allow children and the elderly to be terrorized. There has been enough awareness. It is time to follow the rules or face the music,\" he said.Though representatives of fireworks industry were there to voice their protest against the stringent 90dB norm in West Bengal against 125 in the rest of the country, they did get an opportunity to voice their opinion. In any case, their case had been considerably weakened with the Calcutta high court on October 19 upholding an earlier order on the sound limit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17097382", "title": "Govt readies mega plan to make end stage life pain-free", "text": "NEW DELHI: Proving people with a comfortable end stage life has finally got the government's attention.The health ministry will inform the Supreme Court on Monday that a Rs 636 crore 'National Programme on Palliative Care' has been finalized to make end stage life of patients suffering from cancer and HIV, besides the country's swelling elderly population, as painless as possible.A ministry analysis on the pattern of death says that less than 15% of people in India die suddenly. It has been estimated that less than 2% of people have access to palliative care that can relieve suffering at the end of life. More than 75% patients who visit a hospital are in the late stages of diseases.The government has also decided to incorporate \"number of bedridden patients per family\" as one of the survey information to be collected during the National Family Health Survey and District Family Health Survey.India is home to 908 palliative care centres of which 841 are in Kerala. Therefore, for the vast majority of Indians, there is extremely limited access to quality palliative care services.The health ministry's study showed that 80% people dying from cancer and 50-80% dying from AIDS will need relief from moderate to severe pain during the course of their illness on an average for 90 days.A health ministry document said the national palliative programme would be initiated in one-third of districts per state or 10 districts per state whichever is higher. A maximum of 200 districts is envisaged to be covered by 2017. The major components of the programme would be the provision of national and state level cells for palliative care.Financial assistance would be provided for one physician and two nurses at 150 regional cancer centres and government medical colleges besides 200 district hospitals.Provision would also be made for one nurse at 700 community health centres under the selected 200 districts. While the Centre would spend Rs 477 crore (75%), the states would shell out Rs 159 crore (25%).Conditions in need of palliative care include cancer, HIV/AIDS , congestive heart failure, cerebro-vascular disease, neurodegenerative disorders, chronic respiratory diseases and diseases of older people.The programme will ensure reorientation of the undergraduate medical curriculum and selected postgraduate curriculum of medical, nursing, pharmacy and social work colleges, in alignment with a palliative care and person-centred model of care.It will build capacity of faculty so that students learn and adapt the essential principles of palliative care and management of moderate to severe pain and symptom relief. It will also increase the number of centres offering MD in palliative medicine.The health ministry intends to sensitize the Medical Council of India, Nursing Council of India and the collegiums of universities regarding the relevance of palliative care. The ministry says, \"Palliative care provides relief from pain and other distressing symptoms, affirms life and regards dying as a normal process, intends neither to hasten or postpone death, offers a support system to help patients live as actively as possible until death and also offers a support system to help the family cope during the patient's illness and in their own bereavement. It also uses a team approach to address the needs of patients and their families, including bereavement counseling.\"WHO recommends that all countries should adopt a national palliative care policy, ensure training and education of health professionals and promote public awareness, ensure the availability of morphine in all health care settings, and ensure that minimum standards for pain relief and palliative care are progressively adopted at all levels of care.At present, 80% of patients with cancer are diagnosed in advanced stage and more than 1 million cancer patients are estimated to be suffering from moderate to severe pain every year. There are approximately 2.7 million people living with HIV in India and about 1.89 million suffer from pain.The large number of bed-bound people with non-communicable diseases in the community has poor access to health care and when available, the care may not be appropriate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093843", "title": "Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital to begin CCTV installation", "text": "MUMBAI: A fortnight after a couple's newborn was stolen from the Nowrosjee Wadia Maternity Hospital in Parel, the management is likely to start installing closed-circuit television cameras on the premises from Monday. The management had drawn flak for not having appropriate security measures in the hospital.The day-old boy of Jasmin and Devdas Naik was stolen from the ward when the mother was taking a stroll a few metres away. The baby is yet to be traced. The mother, though fit to go home, has refused to take discharge from the hospital till her baby is traced.Following the incident, the management had promised to tighten its security. At the time of the incident, it is alleged, there were only two security guards when there should have been four. Earlier, the Bhoiwada police, during its investigations, had found that Jagdish Dekhne, security in-charge at the hospital, had quit when the management showed little interest in his proposal to instal CCTVs and employ more guards. The hospital management could not be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098055", "title": "Eating fruits improves kidney patients\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 health", "text": "Adding fruits and vegetables to the diet can improve the health of patients with chronic kidney disease (CKD, according to a study.Alkaline therapy is used to treat CKD patients with severe metabolic acidosis (when there is too much acid in the body).Nimrit Goraya, MD (Texas A and M College of Medicine) and her colleagues looked to see if adding fruits and vegetables\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhich are highly alkaline\u00e2\u20ac\u201dcan benefit CKD patients with less severe metabolic acidosis.For the study, 108 patients were randomized to receive added fruits and vegetables, an oral alkaline medication, or nothing. After three years, consuming either fruits and vegetables or the oral medication reduced a marker of metabolic acidosis and preserved kidney function to similar extents.\"Our findings suggest that an apple a day keeps the nephrologist away,\" said Dr. Goraya.Study co-authors for \"Fruits and Vegetables or Oral NaHCO3 Preserve GFR and Reduce Urine Angiotensinogen, a Marker of Kidney Angiotensin II Activity, in Stage 3 CKD\" include Chanhee Jo, PhD, Jan Simoni, PhD, and Donald E. Wesson, MD.The finding was presented during the American Society of Nephrology's Annual Kidney Week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095565", "title": "In Vidarbha, a village of the damned", "text": "Vadura, known as the \"paagalon ka gaon\", has an alarmingly high ratio of mental illness but the government hasn't seen fit to intervene.Unmindful of the scorching heat and the iron chains around his legs and hands, Raju alias Rajendra Dhere crouches on the ground, tracing his name in the mud with a finger. Ask him his age and what he does in life and he is quick to respond with One and Class One respectively. Then he begins rambling incoherently.The 40-year-old's plight is, bizarrely enough, reflected in almost every fourth house in Vadura, this village of 1,800 people in the Nandgaon-Khandeshwar block in the heart of Amravati district.Elsewhere in Vidarbha, the issue of poverty-stricken farmers committing suicide has taken precedence over all else. But in Vadura, or \"paagalon ka Vadura\" as it has come to be called, villagers have a greater concern: the silent demon of mental illness that has been afflicting people over the years and is now begging for government intervention.The villagers are unaware of the draft Mental Health Care Bill of 2010 which prohibits chaining persons with mental illness. Raju's family says that chaining Raju is the only way to keep him in \"control\".\"He tends to get violent. We admitted him to the Nagpur mental hospital thrice, but it has not helped,\" says his brother's wife, under whose care Raju has been since his farmer father committed suicide three years ago.Known as an intelligent boy and swimming expert in his teen years, Raju today bears no resemblance at all to his younger self.Fifty-two year old Laxman Satange, better known as 'Tiger' in the village, does not reflect the picture of his youth either. He sits in a corner or roams around his house, engrossed in whatever catches his fancy. If it is a piece of paper, he folds it relentlessly for hours; if a pen, he doodles endlessly. His brother Prabhakar is in the same boat. Until two months ago, he would wander around the village and take his clothes off. Now he talks to himself and spends most of his time sleeping.Despite the enormity of the problem, it was only last year, after worried villagers saw children behaving oddly in school, that they decided to do something. \"The teachers noticed that several kids were not paying attention or looked disturbed,\" says resident Purushottam Dhere. \"They happened to come from families with mental disorders. That's when we approached the Apeksha Homeo Society for help, which co-ordinated with the Amravati health department and organised a medical camp. Psychiatrists and psychologists from private groups were also present.\"The camp was an eye-opener-of the 100-odd people who showed up there, 14 were diagnosed with acute mental illness and 26 others with milder variants. A doctor told TOI that most of the villagers suffered from psychosis and schizophrenia; mental retardation was also prevalent.Dr C L Sunkusre, district programme officer of the National Rural Health Mission, admits that the problem in the village is grave. \"The prevalence of mental illness in this village is far greater than any other village in Amravati,\" he says. \"We need to give it special importance. The causes may be genetic, rooted in pregnancy problems or stress-related. We need to get to the root of it and think of solutions.\"According to Dr Pankaj Wasadkar, a clinical psychologist associated with the Manas trust in Vidarbha, Vadura is symptomatic of a larger disquiet that governs rural India: an acute lack of awareness of mental health issues and treatment. Wasadkar had attended the camp and found that there was no reason that could be pinpointed for certain. \"The problem is that there is no epidemiological base to the problem in the village or even in rural India,\" he says. \"In this particular village, there has been no disaster or trauma. Some patients have been rendered untreatable because treatment has never been provided to them. Some have chronic illness which came to the fore. Therefore, there needs to be government intervention where psychiatric treatment is made available. But even after the health camp, the medicines were not distributed properly.\"Villagers too complain that there has been no follow-up by the health department. \"The government is not doing anything,\" says Dhere. \"All we want is for experts to carry out a survey to examine the reasons so that more such cases don't occur. What scares us the most is that little children might develop the same problems. The signs in school are worrying enough, with kids imitating the mentally ill they see around. It's high time the government helped us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17097718", "title": "Rupee drops to one-and-half month low of 54.25 against dollar", "text": "MUMBAI: The rupee dropped to one-and-half month low of 54.25 against US dollar before regaining some ground on Monday amid persistent demand for the American currency from banks and importers as it made gains in the overseas forex markets.The rupee opened lower at 54.10 per dollar as against the last weekend's level of 53.81 at the Interbank Foreign Exchange (Forex) Market and dropped further to about 6-week low of 54.25.Later, it was quoting at 54.13 a dollar at 1050 hrs. The rupee moved between 53.90 and 54.25 against the American currency in the morning deals.Sustained dollar demand from banks and importers in view of its higher value in New York market affected the rupee, a forex dealer said.In New York, the dollar rallied last Friday, amid stronger-than-expected US jobs growth.Meanwhile, the BSE 30-stock index, Sensex , firmed up by 22 points or 0.12 per cent to 18,771.12 at 1100 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094225", "title": "Final exams only after 195 instructional days: Directorate of education", "text": "PANAJI: Schools in the state have been informed by the directorate of education (DoE) to conduct the second term examinations only after completing 195 instructional days.The total number of working days, including examination days, for secondary and higher secondary schools should not be less than 220 days and total number of instructional days should not be less than 195 days in 2012-13, a DoE circular states.The circular states that schools will be shut for Diwali vacations from November 8 to 24, 2012 and for Christmas break from December 22, 2012 to January 2, 2013. For summer vacations, schools will remain closed from April 26, 2013 to June 1, 2013 after which the new academic year will begin.Goa has been trying to up its number of instructional days in schools to bring them on par with national standards. In the past, the DoE has brought down the discretionary holidays a school can give to six from the earlier twelve, in an attempt to restore lost teaching days.A cursory glance through data accumulated from the latest report of the National University for Educational Planning and Administration ( NUEPA) reveals that 82.65% high schools in Goa do not meet the standard 220 working days.The number so easily catches the eye as, against the national average, only 31.80% of schools in the country have lower than the mandatory 220 working days.The average number of instructional days in Goan schools has, however, improved from 202 in 2006-07 and 186 in 2007-08 to 214 in 2009-10, according to the NUEPA's survey conducted under the Union human resource development ministry.Goan schools enjoy 35 days of summer vacations, four days of holidays for Ganesh Chaturthi, 16 days break for Diwali and 11 days to celebrate Christmas. Besides the vacations, schools are also allowed six discretionary holidays to be fixed in consultation with the parent-teacher association or their village education committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17095494", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBack-stabber\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 Amar will not be taken back into party: SP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party on Sunday sought to trash the reports about Rajya Sabha MP Amar Singh returning to its fold, saying the speculation was \"misleading\" and the party has suffered losses due to him and will not repeat the history.SP spokesman Rajendra Chowdhury on Sunday dubbed Mr. Amar as a \"back stabber who has no ideology.\"\"Saying that we are taking Singh back is nonsense and misleading. While in SP, Mr. Singh had taken decisions in self-interest without taking high command in confidence due to which party had suffered loss and earned bad name in the past.The party will not allow him to repeat his misdeeds by taking him back,\" Mr. Chowdhury said.\"People like Amar did not have any ideology. They only know how to fulfil their interests. He was expelled due to his anti-party activities after which he made baseless allegations against the party leadership and tried to botch political prospects of SP during Assembly polls,\" Mr. Chowdhury said.After elections, he (Amar) was not in a position to show his face, Mr. Chowdhury said, adding that there should be no doubt in anyone's mind that \"back stabber\" like him would be taken back in SP.He said that some unscrupulous elements are spreading such news and it was a conspiracy against SP.A section of media had speculated Mr. Amar's entry in SP after the state government handed over inquiry of embezzlement of funds against him from EOW to Kanpur Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093749", "title": "'Sufi saints, not invaders, spread Islam'", "text": "MUMBAI: Sufism is the most moderate strain of Islam. It is also Sufi saints who did the most to spread the religion in India. \"It is not the invader's sword, but the Sufi message of love and peace that attracted non-Muslims to Islam,\" is the common refrain of scholars of Sufism.\"The Sufis were tolerant. They preached and practiced moderation and peaceful co-existence,\" says scholar Asghar Ali Engineer.Be it Khwaja Moinuddin Chisti of Ajmer or Nizamuddin Aulia of Delhi, the Sufis loved all. It is the moderate view of Sufism that permits sama, or devotional music, at the shrines of the saints. While Wahabis regard music as a source of fitna (chaos), Sufism allows it. No wonder, Sufi dargahs regularly hold soirees of qawwali (devotional songs), especially during urs (birth anniversaries of Sufi saints).Sufi shrines have often been targeted by extremists in Pakistan because they believe that the shrines patronize and propagate innovation in the faith. In India, the Deobandis do not encourage visiting Sufi shrines, but have not shown virulence in opposing them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "can i order two things, please", "code": "17098230", "title": "Order of Australia for Sachin Tendulkar: Diplomacy or honour?", "text": "Can I order two things, please: One, uranium and second, the order of Australia for Sachin Tendulkar ? This is what Australian Prime Minister Julia Gillard seemed to have perceived India wanted and to an extent she was right. The Twitter exploded with excitement more over Sachin's award than the uranium deal. After all, for us Indians cricket is a religion and Sachin a deity. He is an amazing cricketer and did deserve the award but it seems a part of Australian media didn't agree.The Australian media slammed Prime Minister Gillard for using this award for the sake of diplomacy and not for what it deserved. She was crucified for using it as a tool to cave into Indian hearts. The award by definition, given to Australians or at times to non-Australians, is for extraordinary services to Australia or to humanity. They wondered in which of the two above-mentioned categories did Sachin fit? Mathew Hayden , added fuel to the fire by saying; \"Now, if Sachin was living in Australia -- give him the Prime Minister's gong I reckon -- but the reality of it is he's living in India,\". On the other hand, some who tried to support Sachin by pointing out Soli Sorabjee \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the only other Indian who got the award \u00e2\u20ac\u201d were slammed because Soli had strengthened the bilateral ties significantly.But as every story has another side to it, so did the above. For starters, those who said it had to be offered only to Australians needed to justify it being given to Brian Lara . And did he live in Australia? I guess that answers Mr Hayden's comments. In terms of the soft diplomacy allegations against PM Gillard, I am still wondering what benefits this award serves her - a larger vote bank from Indians! I guess at the end, it's the performance that matters and Sachin has had an impeccable record. In Australia alone, he has made 1809 runs at average of 53.21 in 20 Tests, with 6 centuries. If that is not great, then I am not sure what is.Forgetting Sachin for a moment and thinking of the Australian pride factor that people have been debating upon reminds of the Bharat Ratna, which is the most prestigious award in India. The Bharat Ratna too has been given to foreigners \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for instance, to Nelson Mandela .Every award can be debated and will leave some cheerful while others upset. At the end, it's all about perception.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "17095528", "title": "BSF, BGB to meet in Sylhet on November 5", "text": "SHILLONG: The border co-ordination meeting between the inspector generals' (IGs) of the Border Security Force (BSF) and deputy director general of Border Guard Bangladesh (BGB) will be held at Sylhet in Bangladesh from November 5 to 8 next. The last such meeting was held in Shillong from December 12 to 15 last year.\"The BSF delegation led by BSF IG of Meghalaya frontier Sudesh Kumar along with BSF IGs of Guwahati, Silchar and Tripura frontiers will leave for Sylhet from Shillong on November 5 via ICP Dawki. The sector deputy inspector generals of Meghalaya, Assam , Tripura, Mizoram and Cachar frontiers, staff officers from BSF (New Delhi), representative of National Crime Bureau (NCB) and Union ministry of home affairs will also be a part of the delegation,\" a BSF release, issued here on Sunday, said.According to BSF officials, bilateral issues of mutual concern, especially those relating to trans-border criminal activities of Indian insurgent groups in Bangladesh, joint survey of unfenced patches, smuggling of fake Indian currency note (FICN), will be taken up by the BSF delegation during the four-day meeting in Sylhet.\"The Bangladesh side is also likely to take up the issues of firing on Bangladeshi nationals by Indian nationals, phensedyl and narcotics smuggling. Both BSF and BGB delegations are likely to discuss various measures for better and effective border management in the light of recently signed document on Co-ordinate Border Management Plan (CBMP),\" a BSF spokesperson at the Meghalaya frontier headquarters said. \"In the wake of the ongoing peaceful relations, these talks are likely to help in strengthening the mutual ties between the forces, which will further improve the lives of the border population,\" a BSF release read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17094304", "title": "Meet fails to break the ice on mining at Mali Hill", "text": "KORAPUT: The stalemate over mining at Mali Hill in Koraput district's Semiliguda block continued on Saturday with a meeting attended by villagers and officials of the company, which has obtained mining rights in the area, ending inconclusively.Officials said while villagers who were opposed to mining activities in the area claimed that over 40 villages in Semiliguda block would be affected if mining operations continue at Mali hill, another group wanted mining to continue as over 250 people will be jobless, if the company stopped operation.\"The anti-mining villagers were ready to relent if the company established its production unit here. But Hindalco officials refused to do so claiming it would not be profitable for the company. It wants to transport bauxite from here after mining,\" Semiliguda tehasildar Sukanta Kumar Behera said.\"All the three parties - villagers for and against mining, and the company - have expressed their views in the meeting. The district collector will now be informed of the matter. Another meeting on the issue could be conducted by the administration to solve the stand off,\" he added.Demanding cancellation of mining lease awarded to Hindalco by the state government, tribals under the banner of Mali Parbat Surakhya Samiti, have been carrying on protests at Mali hill for the past few years. The company, which had started mining in a portion of the hill in 2005, was forced to stop operations after stiff resistance from the tribals in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093894", "title": "Youth forum to fete SP MP Dharmendra Yadav today", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Member of Parliament Dharmendra Yadav would be felicitated at the Prayag Sangeet Samiti here on Monday. Yadav had recently addressed United Nations general assembly in Hindi and brought laurels to the country by bringing Hindi language on the international stage.The programme is being organised under the auspices of the Allahabad Yuva Nagrik Manch. The programme will start at about 11 am and Justice Ravindra Singh and Justice Prem Shankar Gupta would offer 'angvastram' and citation to the young parliamentarian.The inaugural speech will be delivered by former member of Uttar Pradesh Public Service Commission Pankaj Kumar while Surya Narayan will speak on the 'status of Hindi'.Former vice chancellor of Rohillkhand University Prof Om Prakash , former vice chancellor of Rewa University Prof R K Verma, head of Hindi department of Banaras Hindu University Chauthi Ram Yadav, litterateur and former Head of Urdu department of Allahabad University A A Fatmi, Chairman of Uttar Pradesh Bar Council Amrandra Nath Singh, chief standing counsel Qamrul Hasan Siddiqui and others would express their views on the occasion. Chief speaker will be MLA Sangram Yadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093841", "title": "Uddhav undergoes second phase of cardiac treatment", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena CEO Uddhav Thackeray's second phase of heart treatment went off successfully at Bandra's Lilavati Hospital on Sunday. Doctors at the hospital believe he can go home in the next couple of days.Uddhav (51) came to the hospital early in the morning and was taken for angioplasty, a procedure to treat blocked arteries. His physician Dr Jalil Parker confirmed that the procedure was completed within 45 minutes. \"The angioplasty went off well. A single stent was inserted to treat the blockage in his left coronary artery that was not treated the last time,\" he said.Uddhav (51) had undergone an angioplasty in July after he was diagnosed with multi-vessel blockages. At that time, cardiologists Matthew Samuel Kalarickel and Ajit Menon had used eight stents to treat the blockages. Parker said in cases with multiple blocks, the treatment is usually carried out in phases for the patient's benefit.Senior party leader Manohar Joshi said, \"Uddhavji is doing fine. The operation was successful. There is no danger to his health.\" Sena leader MP Sanjay Raut said one additional stent was inserted by operation. \"Uddhavji is in excellent health. He has been meeting family members and party colleagues. He has been advised rest. There is no cause for worry.\"Joshi, Raut and other Sena functionaries were present at Lilavati. MNS chief Raj Thackeray and other members of the Thackeray clan were present too. Meanwhile, melody queen Lata Mangeshkhar called on Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray at Matoshree on Sunday. Raj Thackeray accompanied Mangeshkar to Matoshree. The Thackeray senior too has not been keeping too well. However, he is \"much better now\", said Raut.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093680", "title": "Panel to probe into 'regional' dispute in UP Sainik School", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day after two groups of students clashed with each other at UP Sainik School, the school authorities have constituted a committee to probe the matter. Headed by the school headmaster Lt Col Vikash Bharadwaj, the committee comprises four teachers. Speaking to TOI, school principal Col Samarveer Singh said, \"The committee has already started its work. School headmaster is the presiding officer of the committee which is expected to submit its findings within a week. The school is already working on some positive steps to ensure that such clashes do not take place in future.\"On Friday afternoon, two groups of class XI students engaged in a major brawl, which soon took shape of a regional divide at the UP Sainik School located in Sarojininagar. The violent clash took place between students from east UP and west UP. According to the principal, a student was insulted and taunted in a classroom by his colleague. Heated exchange of arguments gradually turned into a regional conflict. The leaders of the two groups, Shivam Yadav and Sunil Paswan, live in the same hostel. Yadav hails from Mainpuri and Paswan is from Deoria and both of them used to take chances to run the hostel in favour of their respective group.School authorities said they have witnessed minor tiffs in the past, but an incident as ugly as this one took place for the first time. Shivam has also lodged a complaint against 16 persons, including the principal, with Sarojininagar police pressing charges under various sections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17094394", "title": "Green anaconda dies at Mysore Zoo", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Zoo suffered a casualty on Sunday when one of its main attractions - a green anaconda - died, leaving the conservation centre with three species of the reptile.The zoo authorities attributed the death to a possible nervous disorder, but added the exact reason could be known only after postmortem. It was aged 20 months. According veterinarians, the reptile gained weight after landing at the zoo, indicating that it was healthy. Zoo executive director B P Ravi said, \"We expected this since it had some issues since its arrival. The reptile was weak and refused food and was being regularly handfed. The vets have also reported that it had some nervous-related problem after noticing that it was not moving properly in the water in its enclosure, unlike the other three anacondas.\"Ravi said the anaconda was hand-reared on the advice of vets from National Zoological Gardens in Sri Lanka from where it was brought. \"On Saturday, it was fed pinkies but died at 10am on Sunday,\" he said.The anaconda arrived at Mysore Zoo along with four others on November 23, 2011. This is the second death within a year of the group's arrival from Sri Lanka. The death of a female anaconda from the group was reported on January 21. It died due to heart failure and anorexia.Following this, the authorities conducted ultra-sonographic examination on four other anacondas and reported them to be healthy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097039", "title": "Mandy Takhar to add spice to 'Biriyani'", "text": "Vekant Prabhu's 'Biriyani' starring Karthi and Hansika Motwani has been creating a lot of excitement ever since it was started. Looks like 'Biriyani' is all ready to be cooked with sizzling UK beauty, Mandy Takhar being roped in to spice up the film.The UK born actor has done a few Punjabi films and was noted for her hot bikini act in the Hindi flick Bamboo in which she did a hot number called Pinky Punjabi .The audience could well be in for a heavy meal with Mandy Takhar in for a song along with Karthi and who could set the temperatures soaring!Earlier it was reported that the director has reportedly approached Mayakkam Enna actress Richa Gangopadhyay to play the female lead. However the actress opted out of the project due to changes in role and script.The film's director was on the lookout for a heroine to replace Richa who walked out of the film, when she heard that Hansika is doing the main lead opposite Karthi.Remember that even Hansika was roped in after a long wait, as Venkat wanted a Tamil speaking heroine and was keen on Nayanthara or a leading Bollywood heroine.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095414", "title": "Writer peeved at delay in conferring Pampa award", "text": "MYSORE: Kannada writer G H Nayak said the government has awarded him Pampa Prashasti, which carries Rs 5 lakh and a citation, but is yet to confer the same on him.Addressing Kannada Rajyotsava celebrations at Gangubai Hangal Music University here, he said: \"The government is silent on the issue even four months after sending a letter, announcing my selection for the award.\"\"I never hankered for awards or honours. I'm delighted by the award, but the dilatory tactics of the government on Kannada-related issues are condemnable,\" he said, suggesting the government not to have lackadaisical attitude towards Kannada.Individuals like K V Puttappa (Kuvempu) have done more than any government or chief minister for the development of Kannada, he said, adding that even the maharajas of Mysore have done yeoman service for the cause of Kannada and culture.Kannada and culture commissioner (in-charge) K R Ramakrishna said he is surprised by the statement of Nayak. \"I myself went to his house and handed over the letter to him along with a bouquet,\" he said and added: \"Nayak seems to be ignorant that this award is presented in Kadambotsava, which is usually organized in January.\"The government is yet to fix the dates for the state function, he said. Though a function was held at Annigeri in Gadag district (the birthplace of Pampa), to inaugurate Pampa Bhavan, the award was not given. \"That being a district programme, the government decided to confer Pampa Prashasti on him at Kadambotsava,\" Ramakrishna said. He said that neither the government is deliberately delaying nor that it lacks money to pay the awardees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17092720", "title": "Admissions in 5 medical colleges may be cancelled", "text": "MUMBAI: Admissions after the second round at five medical colleges in the state are likely to be cancelled after November 8. After finding discrepancies in the admission procedure followed at these colleges, the Pravesh Niyantran Samiti (PNS) has asked them to file their responses to parents' complaints in an affidavit. The order was given to the colleges at a meeting on November 2.Of the five colleges, including Ulhas Patil Medical College in Jalgaon, Ashwini Rural Medical College in Solapur, Institute of Medical Science and Research in Satara and Dr Vasantrao Pawar Medical College in Nashik, the PNS received 128 complaints from the Jalgaon college alone. P E Gaikwad, the office secretary of the samiti, said, \"Prima facie it seems that these colleges are at fault. Their responses given to the parents' complaints were not satisfactory. However, we have asked them to file their responses in affidavits to ensure they are genuine and can be used in further proceedings. If they fail to do so, the samiti will initiate action against these colleges, which will include cancellation of admissions too.\" For example, one of the colleges gave post-dated cheques to students after they cancelled admissions to go to a better college. While the college claimed it was a clerical mistake, parents said the post-dated cheques were given to more than one student. Gaikwad added that some other colleges have managed to clarify their stand and therefore will not face action.Several parents had earlier protested against the samiti for the delay in scrutinizing the admissions. One of the parents said, \"The PNS finally heard our appeal and reprimanded the colleges in the last hearing. Hopefully, the same outlook will continue till November 8 so that our children get the deserved seats.\"After a SC order this year, the Association for Private Unaided Medical and Dental Colleges (APUMDC) in the state conducted only two rounds of admissions, and not three like before. Students then had to apply at institute level for vacant seats. However, colleges flouted admission norms prescribed by the samiti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094474", "title": "Election Commission can\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t de-recognize Congress on Swamy\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s petition", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Congress need not lose sleep over Subramanian Swamy's petition to the Election Commission seeking de-recognition of the party for allegedly violating provisions of the Representation of People's Act and Income Tax Act. For, the EC can de-recognize a political party only on two grounds: a serious violation of the model code of conduct in an ongoing election or for not fulfilling the performance criteria for recognition as a national or state party at the last parliamentary/state poll.Sources in the EC confirmed to TOI on Sunday that violation of the RPA or I-T Acts, even if found to be true, would not invite de-recognition proceedings from Nirvachan Sadan. Swamy, a senior EC official pointed out, would have to go through the legal process and approach a court to adjudge on the alleged violation of the RPA and I-T Act by the Congress in having extended a Rs 90 crore, interest-free loan to Associated Journals Pvt Ltd (AJPL), publisher of the now-defunct National Herald newspaper.The EC, mindful of its limited powers to de-recognize a political party, is unlikely to even issue a show-cause notice to the Congress. The ruling party had cornered the highest vote share in the 2009 parliamentary poll and returned the largest number of candidates to the Lok Sabha. Besides, there has been no serious violation of the poll code by the party. \"This leaves no ground for the EC to initiate de-recognition proceedings against the Congress,\" a Nirvachan Sadan official told TOI.The EC's reluctance to entertain Swamy's petition comes even as the Congress acknowledged on Friday that it had indeed loaned Rs 90 crore to AJPL. Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi, in an attempt to shield the party from the 'sensation' created by Swamy's 'expose', justified the loan saying it was in \"furtherance of its (Congress') object and political activities\".\"To promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought is political work. We have discharged our political dharma because Associated Journals has worked to promote the Gandhi-Nehru thought,\" Dwivedi said.Swamy, however, latched on to Dwivedi's statement as a \"written admission\" of the \"illegal loan\", and moved the EC seeking de-recognition of the Congress for having violated Section 29 A to C of the RPA and Section 13A of the I-T Act. These sections, Swamy argued, did not make any provision for a political party to extend loans to companies, with or without interest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17095112", "title": "Nail biting to be classified as a mental disorder?", "text": "LONDON: Nail biting, perceived as a mere habit, may soon be classified as a fullfledged obsessive-compulsive disorder, experts say.Millions of people around the world suffer from a selfmutilating and often painful addiction to biting their nails, which can be harder to quit than smoking cigarettes, but is often overlooked as a relatively benign habit, the Daily Mail reported.The American Psychiatric Association is preparing to change the designation of nail biting from 'not otherwise classified' , to 'obsessive compulsive disorder' (OCD) in its upcoming issue of the Diagnostic and Statistical Manual of Mental Disorders.Habits that are commonly associated with OCD include repetitive hand-washing and hair-pulling .The disease is characterized by unreasonable thoughts and fears that lead to such repetitive behaviours . \"Nail biting isn't a disorder unless it is distressing and meets a certain clinical level of severity,\" said Carol Mathews, a psychiatrist at the University of California , San Francisco.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093108", "title": "Rally was different on more than one count", "text": "PATNA: The Adhikar Rally was different from other rallies held here in the past in many ways. There was no lathi, no dance by male dancers and no vulgar songs as was the practice in the rallies organized by Nitish's predecessors since 1990s.The rally went high-tech on Sunday when a party leader and former MLC, Sanjay Kumar Jha, created a website and arranged live webcast of the entire programme from 9am, well before the arrival of leaders. It was aimed at enabling the Biharis and those interested in Bihar affairs to view the rally. The website had 25,000 viewers till 11am, when it crashed.About two dozen LED TV screens were installed at different points in the maidan to facilitate a good view of the speakers in remote corners of the field. The district police had installed 24 CCTVs not only at the entrances to the field but at 12 different high-rise buildings near the maidan as well. The CCTVs were monitored at the police control room.The chief minister had given instructions to his ministers and legislators not to entertain their guests for the rally with vulgar dances as done in the past during 'Garib Rally' and 'Lathi Rally' by the RJD chief Lalu Prasad. Instead, some of the ministers organized bhajans by noted singers. Bhojpuri singer and actor, Manoj Tiwari, too, entertained them. No raunchy show was held in the ministerial bungalows.Edible oil, which was used to polish lathis during the rallies in the past, was not allowed to go waste. Instead, they were used to cook vegetables and puris at ministerial bungalows. One of the ministers, who is new to politics, decided to arrange food packets from a recognized catering house of the city. There was no loot of eatables at the roadside shops. The organizers had arranged over 100 water tanks. Civic authorities had arranged mobile toilets from outside the state in arrangement with an international NGO.This rally was different from the earlier ones in one more respect. Previous rallies mostly used to be organized to champion the cause of different castes - Yadavs, Kurmis or Kushwahas. They were organized to seek votes during the elections. But, the Sunday rally was for the cause of the state seeking special category status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "17094755", "title": "Woman\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcsuicide\u00e2\u20ac\u2122: Clean chit to husband", "text": "PANCHKULA: The Panchkula police crime branch filed a closure report in the mysterious death of 23-year-old Mehak Garg, giving a clean chit to her husband. The report was filed on Friday and the next day of hearing has been scheduled for November 16. Mehak, who was pregnant, was found hanging for a ceiling fan in her Sector-16 house on August 20.Her family, who live in Delhi, alleged Mehak was harassed for dowry and had been murdered. Her husband Sandeep was arrested for dowry death and his parents were booked. Mehak and Sandeep had tied the knot on April 15 and it was Sandeep's second marriage.The investigation took a significant turn when a panel of doctors, who conducted the postmortem examination, indicated that \"possibilities of homicidal hanging, which is rare, could not be ruled out.\" In the closure report, sleuths called it a suicide case and mentioned that Mehak's family had failed to produce any evidence showing they had given dowry articles to Sandeep and his parents.The report concluded that had Sandeep demanded dowry on August 19, the day he came to take Mehak from Delhi, her parents wouldn't have had allowed her to leave. The document also mentioned that Mehak, who had worked in a Delhi-based private company, was in touch with a firm's associate manager even after her marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17092719", "title": "Vasai flat guard main suspect", "text": "MUMBAI: The watchman of a residential building is the prime suspect in a house-breaking case in a Vasai flat. The watchman, whose proper identity is not known to the residents, is missing.The first floor flat of Abdul Azmi residing in Palace Nadim, Anand Nagar, Vasai, was ransacked by unidentified persons. Gold jewellery worth Rs 18 lakhs and Rs 3 lakh was stolen from the apartment. Azmi and his wife Kauser had gone to their home town in Azamgarh, Uttar Pradesh.On Saturday, neighbours telephoned Azmi's son Nadeem informing him the main door of his parents' flat was open. .On finding the flat ransacked, Nadeem informed the police.The police came looking for the watchman identified as Minraj who was missing. The police found Azmi's passport lying in the watchman's cabin. Housebreaking tools were seized by the police from the watchman's cabin. The building was constructed in 2007 by Azmi and residents claimed the watchman was employed by Azmi at the time of construction.The police are waiting for Azmi, a builder by profession, to return from his home town to get details about the watchman. Police believe the robbery to be the work of more than one person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098840", "title": "Common drug doesn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t significantly lower death risk", "text": "Cinacalcet \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a drug commonly prescribed to patients with kidney failure and a disturbance of bone and mineral metabolism known as secondary hyperparathyroidism \u00e2\u20ac\u201d does not significantly reduce the risk of death or major cardiovascular events, a study led by an international team of researchers has found.The results of the trial known as EVOLVE, which enrolled nearly 4,000 kidney patients from several continents and stretched over five years, were mixed, researchers said.\"The results of the EVOLVE trial suggest that cinacalcet favorably alters bone and mineral metabolism, and could result in improved health and longevity for patients with end-stage renal disease. But the trial was not definitive in determining cardiovascular benefits because so many patients discontinued taking the study drug,\" said the study's lead author, Glenn Chertow, MD, professor of medicine and chief of nephrology at the Stanford University School of Medicine.Researchers did say the trial results showed possible cardiovascular benefits when certain factors were taken into account, such as an imbalance in age between study participants who were treated with cinacalcet and those who received a placebo. Those who received the drug were on average a year older; age is a major risk factor for cardiovascular disease.\"The trial is not definitive in its results; however, recognizing some of the limitations \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such as the high dropout rate \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it is suggestive of a cardiovascular health benefit,\" said co-author Geoffrey Block, MD, medical director of Denver Nephrology.Earlier studies suggested that cinacalcet, one of several drugs used to treat secondary hyperparathyroidism, may also help to prevent or ameliorate cardiovascular disease. Cinacalcet is manufactured by Amgen Inc. , a biotechnology firm located in Thousand Oaks, Calif., which sponsored the EVOLVE trial.The objective of the study was to determine whether the use of cinacalcet in patients undergoing hemodialysis would reduce the rates of death and major cardiovascular events, including myocardial infarction, hospitalization for unstable angina, heart failure and peripheral vascular events, all of which were considered endpoints for the study.Determining the appropriate treatment course for people with advanced chronic kidney disease, particularly those on dialysis, can be challenging. Patients with kidney failure require either kidney transplantation or dialysis; the latter typically requires three- to four-hour sessions of blood cleansing three times per week. In addition, patients on hemodialysis take about 19 prescription tablets daily and often suffer gastrointestinal disturbances and other side effects.\"The burden of hemodialysis treatment is considerable, and most patients take several prescription medications, often several times per day,\" Chertow said.\"Cinacalcet is not a perfect drug. It has been shown to be safe and the gastrointestinal side effects are not prohibitive, but when someone is taking 20 pills a day, it is difficult to justify the 21st unless it makes an important difference,\" he stated.The trial, which was originally designed to last four years, was extended to nearly five and a half years in an attempt to reach the required number of endpoints. Between Aug. 22, 2006, and Jan. 31, 2008, researchers recruited 3,883 patients on hemodialysis with secondary hyperparathyroidism from the United States, Europe, Latin America , Russia, Australia and Canada. These patients were then randomized to either a treatment course with cinacalcet or placebo and were followed for up to 64 months.The primary analysis of the trial showed that the relative risk of death or a major cardiovascular event was reduced by 7 percent in patients treated with cinacalcet, a statistically non-significant result. Adjusting for age, or a combination of age and other clinical features of the study population \u00e2\u20ac\u201d such as diabetes or a history of heart disease \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the risk reduction was 12 percent and was nominally statistically significant, the study said.The study will be published online Nov. 3 in the New England Journal of Medicine and will also be presented at the American Society of Nephrology annual meeting in San Diego the same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093187", "title": "APJ Abdul Kalam to attend research congress on December 12", "text": "BHOPAL: Former president APJ Abdul Kalam will be visiting Bhopal to attend second edition of Search and Research Youth International Congress-2012. The congress will be organised on December 12.Talking to the media persons here on Sunday, organising committee chairperson Dr Monika Jain said young educationists, research scholars, students would participate in the congress. \"This year, the theme of the congress is 'Development and prosperity of nation through young minds.\" Besides, the discussion will be held on 'challenges and solutions in effective implementation of Dr Kalam's India Vision-2020,\" Dr Monika said.Organized by the Search and Research Journal, the congress will discuss important points, including agriculture and food processing, infrastructure with reliable and quality electric power, education, health care, information and communication technology and critical technologies and strategic industries.\"During the congress, researchers, educationalists, scientists and students will present their research papers, case studies and articles. \"On the occasion, a book on 'Good Governance' will be also released. The books comprise articles of eminent journalists, politicians, bureaucrats, scholars and researchers,\" Dr Jain said.Search and research group is a voluntary organisation of young researchers, educationists and scholars working in the field of scientific, environmental and social issues. The group is also associated with UNESCO and IUPAC under the international year of chemistry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093826", "title": "State govts may rescue loss-making discoms", "text": "NAGPUR: Realizing that the state-run power distribution companies will not be able to prevent themselves from going bankrupt, union ministry of power (MoP) has recommended that state governments be asked to take a lead role in revival of the discoms (power distribution companies). The financial institutions that have lent to the discoms should also be asked to restructure short term loans.In return, the discoms will have to adhere to financial discipline and reduce aggregate technical and commercial losses (ATC). The state governments would also have to involve the private sector in power distribution and submit a plan to the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) for approval.The MoP has proposed a scheme for a financial turnaround of the state discoms. It has stressed that unless the discoms came out of the red, the growth of the country's power sector and consequently, the economy would be hindered.As per the scheme, 50% of the short term liabilities (STLs) of the discoms as on March 31, 2012, are to be taken over by state governments. These will be converted into bonds and issued by discoms backed by state government. The government will issue special securities in favour of lenders. The entire STL should be taken over by the government within five years.The government will also have to provide full support to the discoms for repayment of interest and principal to the lenders. The issuance of special securities by state government should not breach fiscal deficit limits as prescribed by FRBM Act.The remaining 50% of STL should be restructured by banks with a moratorium of three years on repayment of principal amount. The repayment of principal and interest will have to be fully backed by the state government.The central government too would help the discoms but subject to improved performance. Centre will give them a grant if they are able to reduce losses beyond the target prescribed under the R-APDRP scheme. This will improve the liquidity of the discoms. A discom would get this grant only if it reduces its annual financial loss to a level proposed under the scheme.If the state government takes over the entire 50% STL then central government would provide 25% of the principal amount of the STL. Centre would also share a portion of the discoms' operating losses and interest money for the first three years on a diminishing basis. Remaining portion will be borne by the state government.The financial turnaround scheme will have to be monitored by both state and central governments. The state level monitoring committee (SLMC) will be headed either by the chief secretary or the finance secretary. It will conduct a review on quarterly basis and send the report to central level monitoring committee (CLMC).The CLMC would have member (energy) of planning commission as chairperson and chairman of CEA as member secretary. The members would be secretaries of power, economic affairs and financial affairs departments, representatives of three major lenders and RBI and CMDs of Power Finance Corporation (PFC) and Rural Electrification Corporation (REC). CEA should get a verification of annual performance of state discoms done by a third party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093182", "title": "Kailashpati Mishra cremated", "text": "PATNA: Mortal remains of veteran BJP leader and former governor Kailashpati Mishra was consigned to flames on the bank of river Ganga here on Sunday evening in the presence of scores of leaders hailing from all parties including Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, LJP national president Ram Vilas Paswan and state BJP president C P Thakur. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi, several MPs and legislators of BJP and JD (U) also were present at the time of cremation.As announced earlier by Kumar, the funeral was performed with full state honour, while the state government declared one-day 'state mourning' on Sunday throughout Bihar in the honour of Mishra for his \"distinguished contribution in the public life during the last seven decades.\"The national flags flew at half-mast in all government offices in the state as a mark of respect to the departed leader, a communique issued from state government said.Mishra, former Governor of Gujarat and Rajasthan, died in Patna on Saturday after a prolonged illness. He was one of the founder members of the BJP.Earlier in the day, several top leaders of BJP including former deputy prime minister L K Advani, Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi, Jharkhand Chief Minister Arjun Munda, party's leader in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley, its national general secretary Ananth Kumar and spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad flew in the state capital especially to pay floral tributes to the departed leaders who played leading role in expansion of Jansangh and BJP in several states including Bihar and Jharkhand.Narendra Modi - who was not invited for campaigning in Bihar for the 2005 and 2010 elections following a strong protest by Nitish Kumar - visited the state capital after two years on Sunday. Modi arrived here by a special plane and drove straight to Mishra's residence at Kautilya Nagar. After spending some times at Mishra's residence, he flew back to Raipur to attend Chhattisgarh government's 13th Rajyotsav programme. Prior to Modi, Munda flew in from Ranchi and visited Mishra's residence to pay floral tributes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093242", "title": "LeT didn\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t expect 26/11 operation to stretch beyond a day", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 26/11 Mumbai terror attacks that raged for three days killing 166 people were not supposed to last for more than one night. In fact, Lashkar-e-Taiba neither expected nor wanted the attacks to continue for more than a day.National Investigation Agency's probe into the case after the custodial interrogation of Syed Zabiuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal has revealed that LeT did not think its men would last beyond the first night but were amazed how they held their own against elite forces who took three days to neutralize them.In fact, after the first day of the attacks, the terror outfit was a bit jittery given the international focus on the event. Both the LeT and its patrons in the ISI had started realizing that too much attention on the terror outfit could be counter-productive.\"The euphoria gave way to fear within one day. There was talk among LeT bosses that too much international exposure could be counter-productive. And it did. LeT is under far greater pressure even in Pakistan than it was before the Mumbai attacks. From an enemy of India, it became an enemy of most of the West,\" said a source.According to sources, though the LeT had given the 10 terrorists who attacked Mumbai commando training and asked them to hold fort by taking hostages for as long as possible, it expected them to be neutralized by Indian forces such as the National Security Guard (NSG) on the first night itself. It had hinged its hopes, sources said, in the first burst of violence unleashed by the terrorists at CST station and Taj hotel as it would cause maximum damage in minimum time. However, the delay in reaching NSG in time to Mumbai and the lack of preparedness of local police to take on such an attack led terrorists to get holed up in Taj hotel and other places and prolong the battle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17095563", "title": "Ajeetesh beats Jyoti in playoff to win DLF Masters", "text": "GURGAON: Ajeetesh Sandhu of Chandigarh recorded his maiden professional triumph at the DLF Masters 2012 after he edged out seasoned campaigner Jyoti Randhawa in a playoff at the latter's home course, the DLF Golf &amp; Country Club .The two golfers finished with identical totals of six-under-282 before heading for the playoff. Ajeetesh (70-66-70-76 ) started the day as the favourite as he enjoyed a six-stroke lead after round three but lost his way on the final day.Ajeetesh's title hopes were all but dashed when he bogeyed the 16th. Jyoti Randhawa (73-69-71-69 ) had a one shot lead at that point. Sandhu came roaring back thereafter with a birdie-birdie finish on the 17th and 18th to take the match to a playoff.Sandhu prevailed over Randhawa with a birdie on the first playoff hole (18th). Sandhu hit a terrific second shot (4-iron ) from the centre of the fairway that landed on the edge of the green of the par-five 18th.Randhawa found the green in three shots after his tee shot landed in the trees. Jyoti narrowly missed his 20-feet birdie putt while Ajeetesh two putted to seal his maiden title. Om Prakash Chouhan of Mhow and Delhi's Rashid Khan finished tied third at five-under-283.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096668", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIt\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s back to Billa days\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "Namitha is thrilled with the way things have been shaping up for her in the past few days. For one, her portrait photo, shot by celebrity photographer Karthik Srinivasan, was selected to showcase and demonstrate what is considered as 'Indian Beauty' by a Tokyo TV company. And then, she is also thrilled with the way her forthcoming Tamil-Telugu-Kannada trilingual, Ilamai Oonjal, has shaped up.\"It took three whole days for the news to sink in,\" says Namitha, \"The news of my portrait photo being chosen by a Japanese channel came at a time when I needed a boost of confidence. I feel refreshed, and ready to take on the world.\"Talking about her trilingual, she says, \"I play a cop in the film, and recently wrapped up a schedule for the same. I've already performed stunt scenes in my earlier films, and slipping into the character of a cop was easy. Though I've not trained in martial arts, all the stunt choreographer with whom I've worked tell me I am a natural at it.\"Meanwhile, Namitha has hired a personal trainer to help her lose weight. \"I've a lot of muscle weight, and I've been asked to follow a special workout regime and diet. loved the way I looked in Billa, and I can't wait to get back into shape,\" she smiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17095568", "title": "Kerala Students Union seeks immediate setting up of English and Foreign Languages University campus", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Kerala Students Union (KSU), with the support of the Congress leadership, is planning protests against the delay in setting up of the proposed English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) campus in Malappuram.Prior to the protest programmes the district leaders of KSU met chief minister Oommen Chandy with the demand. They demanded immediate intervention of education department authorities to put an end to the indefinite delay. The organization has urged to speed up procedures to hand over the land identified for the proposed campus at Panakkad.Earlier, the government had decided to take back the 75 acres of land at Panakkad from the Kerala State Industrial Development Corporation (KSIDC) and to hand over it to the education department to set up the campus. The process got delayed following confusion regarding the ownership of the land.The land was earlier given by the government to KSIDC for industrial purposes. Following this, revenue minister Adoor Prakash informed Malappuram MLA, P Ubaidulla that the government will take back the land from KSIDC. The MLA also promised that the classes would begin on the campus in June 2013. But the procedures to hand over the land are yet to begin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093781", "title": "Don\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t avoid eye contact with opposition: Sonia to cadre", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress president Sonia Gandhi came out firing all cylinders on Sunday as she sought to rally the party faithful with a message of resilience while counter attacking the opposition over graft, saying the rival camp was itself \"fully immersed in the muck of corruption\".Looking to strike a confident note, Sonia said the objective of the rally was to signal Congress's determination to withstand and overcome daunting political and economic challenges. \"We can face these challenges successfully and deliver positive results,\" she said.Rallying the cadre in the midst of an all around onslaught from anti-corruption activists and opposition, Sonia urged them to hold their nerve, saying, \"Kisi se ankhen churane ki zaroorat nahin hai (there is no need to avoid eye contact with anyone).\"There was a deliberate intent to Sonia's aggression as she forcefully reminded the opposition BJP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d without naming the party \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that \"those who dig a ditch for others should know there is a well waiting for them\" to the cheers of the crowd.In an unmistakable reference to the controversy over BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business dealings, she said, \"Those who lectured us on corruption...they are fully entrapped in the very issues they want to raise and discuss. Their double-faced nature has been fully exposed.\"Figuring out that attack is the best defence at a time when Congress is swamped by a series of corruption scandals, Sonia took the fight to the opposition by advising political challengers to cogitate over their own troubles while emphasizing Congress's role in fighting graft by making Right To Information a reality. \"Think for yourself, can such a law be legislated by someone who wants to hide corruption? Such a law will be brought by someone who wants to erase corruption,\" she said.Sonia endorsed the Centre's decision to allow giant retailers to set up shop in India by placing this in the context of the need to promote employment.Having praised the PM for doing a better job of protecting the economy against a global slowdown, Sonia quickly assured that she felt for the people's hardships. She said some pain was unavoidable as India imported 80% of its oil needs but pointed out that the government had not raised the cost of wheat and rice in ration shops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095733", "title": "Change in exam plan", "text": "The changes that were introduced in Delhi University's examination format earlier in October, asking students to write their names along with the parent's name on the answer scripts, has been changed again. As per the new rule, students are now required to mention only their roll numbers and date of birth on the answer scripts.According to Dinesh Singh, vicechancellor , DU, the earlier proposed changes with regard to the answer script format were under consideration by the examination branch. And it was found that the system of writing roll numbers (identification code) was 'robust' and worked without any problems. Hence, it was decided to revise the exam format. \"Under the new scheme, students will be writing out their roll numbers and date of birth along with the name of the course (paper) that they are appearing for,\" says Singh. Another change that is under consideration is that from now on all answer scripts issued by the university's examination branch to colleges will be allotted numbers. This recommendation was put forward , so that a record of each script can be kept and in case of any discrepancy, it could be traced.However, the decision of three examiners evaluating one answer sheet will remain intact without any change. Also, this year onwards, there will be evaluation centres in the South campus as well. A head examiner on each panel will supervise the whole evaluation process.In order to reduce the burden on the exam branch, DU has assigned the task of formulating the award sheets of students for the practical examination to colleges. Until now, the university prepared the award sheets for both practical and theory exams.\"It is a welcome move. Colleges will be held more accountable while preparing the award sheets. The new system will be student-friendly and in case of any problems, it can be checked at the college-level itself ,\" says Pradumn Kumar, principal, Hindu College.The last date for submission of examination forms for November-December semester exams has been extended to November 7.The decision was taken after protests from the student community, as under the exam reform, they were not allowed to submit the forms after the stipulated deadline.In the earlier system, students could submit forms after the deadline by paying a late fee. Students had been demonstrating as the provision was changed without the university issuing any prior notice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "yamunanagar", "code": "17095432", "title": "Minor accuses 'groom' of coercion, wrongful confinement", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR: Police on Saturday booked a youth from Farukhpur township of Yamunanagar district for allegedly coercing a 16-year-old girl to marry him and keeping her in wrongful confinement at Radaur.Accused Ashish was booked under sections 368, 376 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) at Radaur police station. The case was registered on the basis of a statement given by the victim girl, who managed to escape from the accused's confinement on Friday night.Police said the girl was handed over to her parents, adding that documents provided by the family confirmed that the girl was a minor. The victim's family also accused Ashish, who has two criminal cases registered against him, of misleading the court wherein he produced forged documents while seeking police protection after marrying the girl on September 19, 2012.\"The victim has confirmed that she was forced to make a statement that she was an adult to get protection from Punjab and Haryana high court. She alleged that after their forced marriage, Ashish took her to Radaur where she was not allowed to move out of their rented accommodation,'' police said.\"We have constituted police parties to conduct raids on his possible hideouts. We are also questioning his parents and relatives to ascertain his whereabouts,\" said Ajit Singh, Farkpur SHO.At the same time, we are also verifying the details of two cases registered against Ashish as both the cases were registered on the complaint of the victim's mother.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097738", "title": "Sunil Gavaskar &amp; me never forget each other's birthday: Amitabh Bachchan", "text": "One could see the two legendary figures - one from the film world and the other from cricket bond over endless conversation and jokes at a recently held high profile party in a five star hotel in South Mumbai.That Amitabh Bachchan and Sunil Gavaskar are close friends is not known to many but the fact is that the two giants have known each other since the 70's and both would spend lot of time together those days including going out shopping. \"I have known Sunny for many years, no matter which part of the world we are in, we never forget each other's birthdays and this tradition was started by Sunil himself. He is a thorough gentleman,\" said Amitabh Bachchan on Saturday during the felicitation ceremony for the Little Master as is Sunil Gavaskar fondly known. \"His son Rohan and I have been childhood friends, we were in school together. I am a huge fan and admirer of Sunil uncle,\" smiled Abhishek.On a nostalgic trip, after sharing whole lot of anecdotes, raunchy jokes and experiences during his world tours, Gavaskar narrated an interesting incident that he says will always stay with him. Gavaskar and Bachchan had gone to shop for the latter's second child (Abhishek) his wife Jaya was expecting, in 1975. \"We went to a store and Amitabh went on a shopping spree. He went on pointing out the clothes he wanted, it was an endless list. And here I was just looking at him...we cricketers would just get one pound allowance per day...\" sighed Gavaskar. Obviously, there was a thunderous applause at this piece of information that Gavaskar had kept close to his heart for all these years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097409", "title": "Would rather be in front of the camera: Palash", "text": "India's favourite Indipop band, or as they are popularly known as - Hind rock band Euphoria are on a new high. For all their fans, Euphoria is ready with their new album, a spiritual one, which they recently launched in Ahmedabad. In a chat, Euphoria's founder and frontman Palash Sen speaks about his childhood passion of acting.Euphoria, which has been a part of musical shows on the small screen like MTV Unplugged, does not look forward to doing something other than these musical shows. He says, \"I was a judge on reality shows and honestly, I did not enjoy them at all. These kids who come and sing have no future and they come with such big dreams. It's disheartening to see that the producers are only concerned about the money and do not support them at all.\" He adds, \"It is not just the entertainment sector, in all industries it is only about the money now.\"Palash, who recently debuted as a music video director, says, \"I enjoyed it but yes, I would rather be in front of the camera than behind it. I have always looked forward to acting and it has been one of my childhood passions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098001", "title": "'Aarohanam' will have a Hindi remake", "text": "Buoyed by the critical acclaim of her latest Tamil family-drama 'Aarohanam', independent filmmaker Lakshmy Ramakrishnan says she will soon start working on the Hindi remake of the film.\"The discussions are on for a Hindi remake and very soon I will start contemplating on the cast and crew. I plan to make it a commercial entertainer without deviating much from the core of the plot,\" said LakshmyActress-turned-director Lakshmi Ramakrishnan is on cloud nine after her maiden directorial venture Aarohanam has made it big among the audience.' Aarohanam ' is based on a series of events that take place on a single day. It narrates the story of a 17-year-old boy and his sister's search for their missing mother.In the Tamil version, Viji Chandrasekhar, who played the mother, was lauded for her performance. the director is keen to rope in a popular face for the Hindi version and hasn't zeroed in on the star yet.' Aarohanam ' producer A.V. Anoop has expressed interest to produce the film in Hindi as well. \"Yes we plan to make the film in Hindi, but at this juncture everything is in discussion phase. We also plan to collaborate with a bigger studio to distribute the film on a wider scale,\" Anoop added.Jayaprakash, Sampath, Veeresh, Jai Quehini, Uma Padmanabhan and Rajee Vijayasarathy played pivotal roles in the Tamil version.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093748", "title": "'PSUs spending more on cases than compensation'", "text": "MUMBAI: Lamenting the rise of pending litigation, the National Commission has observed that public sector undertakings (PSUs) spend more money contesting cases than the amount they might have to pay claimants. The court made the observation while fining the Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) Rs 50,000 for filing a revision petition.\"Petitioners shall recover the cost amount from the salaries of the delinquent officers who have been pursuing this meritless and frivolous litigation with the sole aim of wasting the public exchequer,\" the commission said.HUDA had filed the petition after a state commission directed it to pay hefty interest to Chandigarh resident Lata Mittal, who had purchased a plot in 1995 but never received possession. The commission also commented that PSU indulgences burden courts across the country. \"The judiciary is now imposing costs upon government/public sector undertakings not only when they pursue cases which can be avoided but also when they force the public to do so,\" the commission said. The commission added that in the bargain, time, effort and other resources go down the drain. \"PSUs are an apt example of being penny-wise and pound-foolish,\" it observed.The commission attributed the rise in frivolous litigation to the fact that PSUs, though they have many legal personnel under their employment, do not examine cases properly and force poor litigants to approach the court.Mittal was allotted a plot measuring 162 sq m in Sonepat in May 1995. She alleged that despite depositing 25% of the money and various installments, HUDA had not offered her physical possession of the plot till date. She also said the area has not been developed and was unworthy to support any structure. Hence, Mittal filed a complaint in the district forum. HUDA was directed to pay interest compensation at the rate of 15% pa. Aggrieved by the order, it filed an appeal before the state commission. The state commission reduced the rate of interest from 15% pa to 12% pa.HUDA filed a revision petition in the national commission along with an application for condonation for the delay in filing it. However, the commission observed that the other two forums had passed a reasonable and just order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093921", "title": "Taxi drivers with updated meters must issue receipt", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO has made it compulsory for all black-and-yellow taxis with recalibrated electronic meters to provide their commuters with fare receipts, which will have details including the distance traversed, waiting time and the amount charged. If a cabbie with recalibrated meter is found without a printer, he will be fined Rs 1,500.Consumer activists feel that passengers, if cheated, can use the receipts as a piece of evidence against errant drivers.\"Those tampering with e-meters usually rig the system that records the distance covered. But now, the distance will be reflected in the receipts. If a commuter feels that the distance shown on a meter has an inflated figure, s/he can a lodge complaint with the RTO, using the receipt as an evidence,\" said activist Sunil Mone.In the past two weeks, all the three RTOs-Tardeo, Andheri and Wadala-have witnessed a huge rush of both taxis and autos for recalibration. While more than 17,000 autos have been installed with new e-meters, nearly 9,000 taxis have been recalibrated so far. Drivers of these taxis will have to issue receipts on demand. The facility would be extended to all cabs by November 25, a source said. \"This will bring in transparency in fares charged. Commuters have the right to demand for receipts,\" said an RTO official.Often, arguments break out between drivers and passengers on the fares and distances displayed on e-meters. The moment a driver flags down a meter, the readings disappear, leaving behind no proof of the inflated rates. \"It was difficult to nail an errant driver because by the time, he would come to an RTO to reply to showcause notices, he would have rectified the meter,\" the official said. \"But now, the evidence of tampered readings will be on receipts. Commuters can also calculate the fares by multiplying the distance by Rs 12.35 and adding the waiting charge (Rs 1.20 per minute). Then they can crosscheck it with that printed on the receipt.\"Fleet cab rides get dearer from todayFrom today, rides on fleet cabs such as Meru and TabCab will be more expensive with the minimum fare going up by Rs 3 for the first kilometre and the charge for every subsequent kilometre increasing by another Rs 3.\"From Monday morning, our taxis will be available for a minimum of Rs 27 and the fare for every subsequent km will be Rs 20,\" a spokesperson for Meru said. Earlier, the minimum fare was Rs 24 for the first km and it increased by Rs 17 for every subsequent km.Demand for fleet taxis in Mumbai, especially for those travelling to domestic and international airports, is huge as their vehicles offer comfortable air-conditioned rides. Commuters also do not have to worry about calculating fares as all fleet taxis have electronic meters and even most of the drivers are well-behaved. But to avail of such facilities, passengers will now have to shell out an exorbitant amount. For example, for a 20-km travel, the previous fare was approximately Rs 347, but now it will be Rs 407, amounting to a rise of Rs 60.The RTO has also demarcated different fares for fleet taxis, based on the cost of the vehicles being used, and issued four tariff cards, suitable for them. The categories have been slotted for cars worth less than Rs 5 lakh, for those ranging from Rs 5 lakh to Rs 8 lakh, those from Rs 8 lakh to Rs 12 lakh and those above Rs 12 lakh. Most fleet taxi firms in Mumbai have cars that fall in the slab of Rs 5 lakh to Rs 8 lakh and they will stick to the minimum Rs-27 fare structure.For vehicles that are worth less than Rs 5 lakh, the revised fare is Rs 25 for the first km and it will increase by Rs 18 for every subsequent km. For Rs 8 lakh-Rs 12 lakh vehicles, the fare will be at least Rs 30 and will go up by Rs 23 for every subsequent km. These fares have been framed to cater to certain firms, such as TabCab, which plan to launch expensive taxis in the high-end segment. For the above-Rs 12 lakh category, the minimum fare will be Rs 32 and it will increase by Rs 25 for every subsequent km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094735", "title": "Hazy mornings, but days to stay warm", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The temperature will be dipping substantially only towards the end of November. The mornings this week will be mostly hazy, with western disturbances from the Himalayas deciding its intensity.If the western disturbances are stronger on certain days in the next week, the haze may prevail in the air until afternoon. Chandigarh meteorology department director Surender Paul said the temperature will not fall considerably in the coming week and the maximum and minimum marks will remain close to last week's.Over the last three days, the maximum temperature has been hovering around 28-30 degrees celsius. The minimum has been 14-15 degrees C.Compared to last November, the minimum and maximum temperatures have been lower, but the residents feel the cold was intense last year and almost negligible this time.Sector 38 resident Sudha Kashyap said it was colder last year by this time. \"The days are also warm so far,\" she added.As the weather has remained quite warm during the day, people are yet to get their winterwear out. \"I had started wearing jackets during the day by this time last year, but the afternoons are quite warm this season,\" said Sector 35 resident Dheeraj Gautam. Weathermen say the weather will only turn dry.On Monday, the maximum temperature will stick around 29 degrees C and the minimum will be around 14 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093710", "title": "Officer retires in house on Chandauli forest land", "text": "LUCKNOW: Officials of the Forest department, deemed custodians of the jungle, have found mention among the \"notable encroachers\" in Chandauli. The range officer, now retired, has not only encroached forest land but also got his pucca house constructed on it. The regional office of the Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF), Lucknow, found the ranger encroaching about 2 hectares of forest land in Magai range of Chandauli.Report by the Central ministry said, \"This has sent across a wrong message and has given bad name to the department.\" UP forest department, too, is in the know of things. Highly placed sources in the department said they were aware of the matter. \"Preliminary inquiry shows the piece of land is owned by the ranger,\" said sources. Preliminary inquiry has been done by local foresters. \"It's only when senior level officers visit the site that truth will be known,\" added sources. Chandauli forest division has some 40,000 hectare forest land encroached, said the report by the central ministry.The forest land has been encroached for a full-fledged market, rice mills, Kasturba Gandhi residential girls school constructed by district administration besides infringement by \"petty encroachers\". The state forest department, however, claims it is doing the needful. \"It's a Naxalite area, several times forest staff and officers have been attacked, at times killed,\" said sources. But the process to evict encroachers has not stopped.\"Joint operations are conducted with police, forest and revenue department,\" added sources. Encroachment on forest land in Chandauli has been an age-old issue. Forest department has not been able to do much to remove the encroachment. In 2005, high court had asked the state to act against the encroachers and illegal felling of trees in Chandauli. Following that, a committee, under the chairmanship of Commissioner, Varanasi, was constituted.\"The committee had among its members inspector general police (Varanasi), conservator (Varanasi), district forest office, district magistrate and senior superintendent of police of Chandauli. Officials in the state forest department shared that about 1,000 hectares of land has been freed of encroachment since the committee was formed in 2006. \"To ensure the land does not get encroached again, we carry out plantation on the land whenever budget allows,\" said sources.Despite efforts made by the state forest department, encroachment in Kashi wildlife division of Chandauli remains rampant. In 2010, assistant inspector general of forests (AIGF) MoEF New Delhi Umakant had directed the regional office (central zone) of MoEF in Lucknow to act on complaints received by the ministry against encroachment on forest land in Kashi wildlife division in Chandauli, illegal felling of trees and roads being constructed on forest land without seeking NOC from the ministry. Besides, directing the regional office to carry out the site inspection and submit the action taken report, AIGF also wrote to the principal secretary, forest, UP.MoEF inspection team has observed in its inspection report that trees are cut illegally to clear the forest, timber is transported out and sold, and once the forest is cleared it is encroached. Big markets (Tiwaripur) have come up on the land of Kashi wildlife division, over a period of time. The ranges of Chandauli have four police stations, 12 police outposts, three companies of central paramilitary force, and four PAC companies (some 1,500 force) present at any given time, yet encroachment is rampant. The team ordered that the boundary of Kashi wildlife division be re-defined as per the gazette of September 24, 1954, when it was declared protected forest area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17093967", "title": "Passengers jeer as students hijack trains", "text": "RANCHI: Passengers of trains plying to and from Ranchi and Hatia railway stations had a harrowing time on Sunday when chaos prevailed after thousands of SSC examinees hijacked seats and barged into reserved bogies and the Railway Protection Force failed to bring the situation under control.The Staff Selection Commission examination was conducted in two shifts - from 10 am to 12 noon and from 2pm to 4pm - and railway stations remained overcrowded throughout the day. \"All trains which left Ranchi after 1pm were almost hijacked by the examinees. RPF even forced several of them out of the coaches,\" said a railway official.Ranchi-New Delhi Rajdhani Express, which goes via Silli, Muri, Pundag, Bokaro, Gomoh and Giridih, was also crammed with examinees. \"There is no other easy option to reach Pundag from here other than this train,\" said Sanjay Mahto, a B-Com student.Passengers of Jharkhand Swarna Jayanti Super Fast Express and Maurya Express, which runs through Jamtara and Deoghar, had the same fate. Even roofs of the trains were also taken by the students.Ranchi is the only venue for the examination and students from across the state had no other option but to come to the city. \"The exams are not conducted in Dhanbad and thus I have come here,\" said Ravi Shankar Pandey, a BSc student from Dhanbad.A K Gorai, RPF officer in-charge, said, \"We cannot force students out of trains. But we tried our best to control the situation.\" Gorai said no formal complaint was lodged with the police station against any student. \"Though there were few verbal complaints,\" said an RPF sub-inspector.On Hatia-Tata Passenger which left at 4:45pm a student traveled standing on the joining points of the two bogies as all the bogies were crammed with students and there was hardly any space inside. Similarly huge crowds of students were seen in Ranchi-Dumka Intercity Express, Ranchi Howrah Intercity Express which goes to Dhanbad and Hatia Patna Super Express which departed from Ranchi at 6:35pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17095376", "title": "Nairobi meet holds key to removal of shipwreck debris", "text": "MANGALORE: Registered ship owners should maintain compulsory insurance or other financial security to cover liability under Nairobi International Convention on Removal of Wrecks, 2007. This convention adopted by diplomatic conference held in Kenya in 2007 provides legal basis for states to remove shipwrecks that may have potential to affect adversely the safety of lives, goods and property at sea, as well as marine environment.Indian government is in advanced stages of ratifying the convention, said Capt PVK Mohan, chairman, National Shipping Board (NSB).Adopted on May 18, 2007, the convention will come into force once majority of the international maritime states ratify it, he told reporters at the end of 120th NSB meeting here.\"This will largely address issues of hazards posed to international maritime traffic by wrecks of ships dotting various coastlines,\" he said.MM Saggi, nautical advisor to the government of India said the convention will fill a gap in the existing international legal framework by providing the first set of uniform international rules aimed at ensuring the prompt and effective removal of wrecks located beyond the territorial sea.The new convention also includes an optional clause enabling states parties to the convention to apply certain provisions to their territory, including their territorial sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093915", "title": "Divers training programme", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Under the 'Hunar-se-Rozgar' programme, a diving training programme and life saving technique course is being held at Boat Club. The trained participants will save pilgrims from drowning during Mahakumbh.The trainers include TN Khan, Kunal Sambhal and VG Praveen. During the inaugural function, divisional commissioner Divesh Chaturvedi, mela officer Mani Prasad Mishra, vice-chairman of Allahabad Development Authority Ajay Kumar Singh, additional mela officer Ashustosh Dwivedi, regional tourism officer Amit Kumar and others were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093725", "title": "Wildlife institute slack in identifying species", "text": "NAGPUR: The Wildlife Institute of India (WII), Dehradun , set up to foster research on conservation of wildlife and forests, seems to be slack in identifying wildlife species and trophies related to crimes investigated by the state forest departments.Information sought under the RTI Act by Naresh Kadyan, People for Animals (PFA) in Haryana and representative of the International Organization for Animal Protection (OIPA) in India, reveals that in the last 10 years, WII solved only 40% cases referred to it by various state forest departments.Kadyan had sought to know the list of wild animal, birds and reptile trophies and articles received by WII to identify their species. However, the reply received from the WII revealed that of the total 1,612 cases received for identification from the enforcement agencies like CBI, courts, customs, foreign, forests, ministry of environment and forests (MoEF), veterinary hospitals and police department, the wildlife institute disposed of 879 cases while 733 were still pending.The WII received highest number of 1,042 cases from the forest departments but it could dispose of only 430 cases while 612 were still pending. Required details were not supplied to Kadyan as WII felt it would affect investigations. The applicant was directed to seek the information from the respective agencies.On a query about marine and sea creatures and other articles received for identification, WII says five cases were received from enforcement agencies but the same were returned as the institute did not have protocols for species identification for marine products.The information also revealed that cases forwarded by CBI have zero pendency. All 20 cases forwarded by the agency were disposed of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17093158", "title": "Murray goes against Berdych first in World Tour Finals", "text": "LONDON: The elevated walkway leading up to the magnificent 02 Arena is lined with life-size black-and-white frames of superstar musicians. Some of them, like the Rolling Stones or the Spice Girls, have performed at the North Greenwich facility.Closer to the staggering indoor enclosure, the world's busiest music entertainment complex, are the animated cutouts of the three men - Novak Djokovic , Roger Federer and Andy Murray - who head the field in the Barclays ATP World Tour Finals beginning on Monday.Typically, the trio, this time without the help of the injured Spaniard Rafael Nadal - who completes the Fab-Four equation - will seek to put on an athletic show that would rival the artists that have come before them.The entertainment began on Saturday night at the charity gala where Murray thanked Federer for the growing support he has received since the Wimbledon final, where the loss to the Swiss had reduced the world No. 3 to tears. An act fans across his homeland warmed-up to instantly. \"The support changed a little bit after that,\" said Murray.\"I can thank Federer for that. The last few months have been unbelievable. I hope I can finish it off well. I didn't get to finish the tournament as I would have liked last year, so I'm going to give it 110 percent to try and finish the season well.\"Djokovic sounded the first warning saying: \"It's been a great season. There have been four different Grand Slam winners for the first time in a very long time. So we are in some very interesting times in men's tennis. Being part of the World Tour Finals is an incredible moment and I'm sure all of us here will try to perform our best in the last event of the year.\"Fittingly, the rivalry that has tennis fans agog will renew early at the O2 Arena this time with Djokovic and Murray, both 25 and born just a week apart, will meet at the round-robin stage of the competition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17095519", "title": "Timber worth 5 lakh seized in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: The Namsai forest division seized a truck loaded with timber worth Rs 5 lakh from Namsai, where \"illegal\" timber operation is prevalent, in Lohit district.Acting on a tip-off, the officers and staff of Namsai forest division, led by Namsai ACF, Damodhar A T, Tengapani RFO RP Singh , Chowkham RFO A Jerang along with two staff of Tengapani Range, stopped the timber-laden truck during routine patrolling conducted on Saturday night near Lathao village along NH-52, sources said here on Sunday.However, the driver of the vehicle managed to escape and ownership of the vehicle is yet to be known.The truck seized, with the help of Manabhum Range RFO RC Deori, is now under custody. The entire operation was carried out successfully under the active supervision of Damodhar IFS officer, who joined the Namsai forest division recently.Investigation is on and such \"illegal\" operations will be dealt with the strongest terms, said the sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17095730", "title": "Joshua, Naresh are dirt kings", "text": "MUMBAI: Bangalore riders stole the show in the fifth and final leg of the Gulf Dirt Track FMSCI National Championship, in Nashik on Sunday.While VS Naresh won the title in the Private Expert Class (upto 260cc) class, Pramod Joshua won the glamour event of the day, the Foreign Motorcycles (upto 260cc) class.Bangalore boy Naresh ,who topped the time charts in all the previous four legs - in Mangalore, Aurangabad, Jodhpur and Nashik - had assured himself of the title even before the final round, having garnered 160 points. But despite that, he was in no mood to loosen the throttle, though he could not win both the races in his class.In the first race, his Bangalore mate Suhail Ahmed beat him to top, with Sharath Kumar coming third.But Naresh had the last laugh in Race 2 , with another Bangalore rider, Sharath Kumar, and Bhopal's Syed Asif Ali coming second and third respectively. Overall, Naresh finished with 197 points to take the overall title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17094874", "title": "A journey to remember for Pak guests", "text": "LUDHIANA: The CII exhibition being organized at Government College for Women concluded to a spectacular show of the best of India and Pakistan. Exhibitors from Pakistan wowed people in the city with amazing collections of crockery, garments, footwear and Lahori food. The hospitality extended to them was graciously acknowledged.Javed Iqbal, a 50-year-old exhibitor from Gujaranwala, Wazirabad said while fish is an important part of the diet at his native place, he was floored by the distinctive flavour of the fish prepared in a food joint in Ludhiana. \"The flavour of fish I tasted at one of the food hangouts in Ludhiana is unique. Some new friends I made in Ludhiana took me out last night and we had a great time,\" he said.The ambience and hospitality were such that Iqbal, who wanted to get gifts for his family back in Pakistan now wants them to come and experience the city first hand. Despite the common love for food, Javed said there were a few minor differences in the way people ate and presented food on either side of the border. \"Plates are generally deep bottomed in Pakistan, where non vegetarian food is a major part of the menu. That is not the case in India. So we got regular plates for customers here,\" he explained. For Afzal Ahmed, a 47-year-old Lahore-based businessman, the high point of his visit to Ludhiana was finding a place where paranthas are sold all night.It's not just the paranthas. The visitors were also quite impressed by the dry fruit laden ice cream they had in the city. \"We loved the nutty flavour of the ice cream. This taste is going to linger on for a long time,\" said Afzal, who showcased an impressive array of traditional footwear.As far as fashion is concerned, people in both countries love intricate designs, Javed noted. In footwear, traditional juttis are favoured on both sides. \"Interestingly, people in Pakistan love elaborate designs from India and people in India have similar taste for designs from Pakistan,\" he said.Garments displayed by Huzaifa Essabhai, a 28-year-old from Karachi, were well liked. Her stall was the centre of attraction throughout the exhibition. \"Here, people prefer Polyester base to cotton base as they feel that cotton is difficult to handle. However, I am sure that the people who have bought cotton base material will demand the same when I come next time,\" she said.Rattandeep Singh Bawa, a jacket manufacturer from Ludhiana, who attended the exhibition with his family and befriended the guests from across the border, plans to take up their invitation to visit Pakistan. Over the past few days, he developed great liking for Pakistani food, especially from Karachi and Lahore.The exhibition started on November 1 and concluded on Sunday night. There were 25 stalls from Pakistan at the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17094904", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcOur areas not being fogged\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "LUDHIANA: Even as dengue continues to bite the city and its outskirts, with the number of cases crossing the 140 mark, the authorities concerned, it seems, are yet to wake up to the problem. Ludhianvis say though cases are being reported from their areas, the authorities are not ensuring fogging to check the disease's spread.Rajesh Seth, a resident of Sarabha Nagar and industrialist, says, \"Many dengue cases are being reported which has left us worried. What is annoying is the lackadaisical attitude of the authorities. I have never seen anyone carrying out fogging in our area. We have got our house sprayed, but that is not sufficient. The authorities should get cracking, so that people do not suffer.\"Ish Charaye, a businessman of Model Town, says, \"Since two months, I have not seen anyone carrying out fogging in our locality. This despite the fact that about three to four cases of dengue have been reported from Model Town.\"Harvinder Kaur, a homemaker of BRS Nagar, says, \"With dengue cases swelling, the civic body cannot afford to be lenient. It should immediately take the required steps for residents' welfare.\"Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon's office, says, \"Fogging should be carried out at least once in a week in dengue season. The preventive step is a must to check the spread of the vector-borne disease.\"MC medical officer Dr Vipul Malhotra, however, claims, \"The city has 75 wards. All the wards are fogged in three days, following which the procedure is initiated again. A mixture of diesel and malathion is used to spray in an area. We have 14 big fogging machines, besides 70 small ones.\"MC commissioner R K Verma says, \"There are two ways to check if fogging is being carried out. First, GPS can be installed in machines to check their movement. Second, the fogging schedule for various wards be published, so that people can keep a tab on it and complain if it's not done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17095127", "title": "Tamil Nadu colleges all set to tap solar energy", "text": "CHENNAI: From powering street lamps in colleges and water heating systems in hostels to lights and fans in classrooms, solar energy is the new kid on campus in Tamil Nadu.In its solar policy, the state government imposes a solar purchase obligation (SPO) on colleges, mandating them to meet 6% of their power usage from solar energy, and colleges are getting down to business.Going by the policy, commercial establishments, colleges, government buildings, residential schools, IT parks, industries, and buildings with a built-up area of 20,000sqm come under this obligation. They can meet this by generating their own power, purchasing solar power from the state electricity board, or purchasing power from private power producers.\"Colleges have vast expanses of land to put up solar panels. They are eligible for tax benefits. It also helps to avoid technical problems relating to transmission of power from plants to the college,\" said Vineeth Vijayaraghavan, an industry expert .Vellore-based VIT University is going beyond the 6% obligation and is planning to source solar power for 30% of its needs. The college currently uses diesel gensets for 30% of its needs and is looking to replace this with wind and solar energy. \"We have a four-acre lake inside our campus and will be putting up photovoltaic modules over the lake for 2MW, replicating Gujarat's set up over the Narmada River,\" said founder and chancellor of VIT University G Viswanathan. The college will also have an in-house 3MW solar power plant and is negotiating with a few companies to set up the plants.Apart from setting up roof-top systems, Chennai-based Sri Venkateswara College of Engineering (SVCE) is planning to tap solar energy for street lighting on campus. \"We had done a pilot project earlier and will expand this to other areas in phases,\" said college principal M Sivanandham. The college is planning to invest about Rs 7 lakh in the first phase.Captive consumption saves colleges from wasting power, and thereby, funds. \"Setting up an off-grid roof-top system in the college will save about 8% of the power they buy from the grid. The power generated can be used for captive consumption and energy isn't wasted. Even during holidays when power usage is low, the mandated 6% will be required for basic activities in the college and the college can use its own power,\" an expert said.On the educational side, colleges will benefit as students will learn about solar energy. \"Several PG students work on simulated solar projects using fictional data for their research. Having roof-top systems gives students the opportunity to work on real-time projects,\" Vijayaraghavan said. At SVCE, for instance, the solar street lighting project was done by students of electrical engineering, and the college will get students of other departments to work on such projects, Sivanandham said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17093983", "title": "Anna Hazare: A Jan Lokpal by 2014", "text": "PANAJI: Anna Hazare will launch a travel-movement across India from January 30, 2013, to create mass awareness among the people that will force the government to pass the Jan Lokpal bill by 2014.Announcing this at an ideas conclave at Bambolim on Sunday, Hazare said he will not just stop with the Jan Lokpal Bill but also work to bring to reality the right to recall, the right to reject and other such reforms.Hazare said that besides the thousands of youth who are with him, he also has the support of 100 army officers including former Army chief V K Singh and IAS and IPS officers. Hazare said they will use information technology to galvanize people across India.The movement will build an organizational network at the block, district and state level and a movement of such proportions will force the government to pass the Jan Lokpal Bill, Hazare said.He endorsed his former associate Arvind Kejriwal's decision to launch a political movement. \"Our paths are two but our destination is one-that of a corruption-free India. His path is political, mine is that of agitation. I have told him that if he selects people with character to fight elections, then we will support them to get them elected,\" Hazare said, adding that Kerjiwal still phones him regularly to check on his health.Asked why he is not joining politics, Hazare said politics has degenerated into \"money from power and power from money\". Hazare asserted that good people need to get into politics to clean it up and that is why he is supporting Kejriwal's move to enter politics.Hazare reiterated his criticism to allowing foreign companies in India. He said Mahatma Gandhi always advocated strengthening rural economies to strengthen the nation and that is why instead of bringing in foreign companies, the government should look at the villages. He cited the success of his own village in Maharashtra where some years back, people were starving due to lack of water but today the area is exporting vegetables.Asked why he was angry with Union minister Kapil Sibal , Hazare said he was not angry with the minister, but he dislikes it when people tell lies.Hazare recounted the entire dialogue with the government representatives during his %agitation for the Jan Lokpal Bill and said Sibal had gone back on his word. Hazare will address a %public meeting at Hotel Manoshanti, Panaji , at 10.30am on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17094868", "title": "Fasih did a web recce of stadium", "text": "BANGALORE: Terror suspect Fasih Mohammed, 28, had never come to Bangalore. But that did not stop him from allegedly proffering some expert advice to his associates when they sought to trigger blasts at the Chinnaswamy stadium in 2010.Fasih, who was brought to Bangalore for investigating his role in the blasts, allegedly used Google maps to study the stadium and told the executioners where to plant the bomb to ensure that there was maximum collateral damage, police sources said.TRACKING TERRORHyderabad police in Bangalore to question FasihTerror suspect Fasih Mohammed, extradited from Saudi Arabia last month, was brought to Bangalore on Friday and remanded in police custody for 14 days. \"He designed the bombs and chose the spots where they had to be planted,\" police sources told TOI. Fasih graduated out of a private engineering college in Bhatkal in 2006. He moved to Saudi Arabia the next year. After being extradited from Riyadh last month, Delhi police questioned Fasih. Intelligence Bureau sleuths and Hyderabad police , meanwhile, are in Bangalore to grill Fasih. \"First, the IB sleuths will question him followed by the Hyderabad police team. Then we will resume questioning,\" the sources said. Fasih's tryst with terror began in Bhatkal when he met Yasin Bhatkal, one of the main conspirators in the Chinnaswamy Stadium blasts, in the coastal town. The duo also spent time together in Saudi Arabia , where Fasih worked for eight long years. According to investigating officers, Fasih hails from a well-educated family in Darbhanga, Bihar. \"Fasih's father and younger brother are doctors , while his mother is a school principal. Fasih fared well academically,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096955", "title": "Kamal Haasan turns lyricist for daughter Shruti", "text": "Shruti Haasan who divides her time between singing and acting in both Bollywood and the Chennai film industry is at the moment basking in the feeling of carrying global music a step ahead by recording an Assamese-Tamil song composed by young Joi Barua.Barua who is from Assam is currently a Mumbai-based composer-singer closely associated with Anurag Kashyap's cinema. Joy has composed for Kashyap's Udaan and Dev D. The idea of doing a song in Assamese and Tamil came to Joi through Shruti's father Kamal Haasan who is himself a firm believer in global art.Says a source, \"Joi was game to do a song that fused Tamil and Assamese lyrics. Since Shruti Haasan is a singer who defines borderless music, she was picked to sing the number. Joi wrote the Assamese words, and he wanted someone with a firm grasp over the Tamil vocabulary and syntax to do the Tamil lyrics.\"That's where Kamal Haasan stepped in by offering to write the Tamil lyrics. Says Kamal Haasan, \"It's my birthday gift to my daughter. As I turn older this week I feel closer to my children. Shruti is currently in that stage of life where I used to be 35 years ago. She's experimenting with various art forms, trying to find her bearings.\"Though Kamal Haasan has written lyrics for songs in his own films and has even sung for the Tamil star Ajith in a film,this is the first time he has done words for a song sung by his daughter. \"The song is in Tamil and Assamese. The composer Joi Barua has written the Assamese words. I wrote the Tamil lyrics. This is actually my second cinematic collaboration with Shruti. In my film Hey Ram 12 years ago when she was still a child Shruti had sung a song composed by Ilaiyaraja. I just returned the compliment by doing the lyrics for her song.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093131", "title": "Shops largely remain closed", "text": "PATNA: Most of the shops in localities adjacent or leading to Gandhi Maidan were closed on Sunday and though no one openly spoke of the reason, some shopkeepers in soft voices explained that the shutters were down owing to massive turnout of people to attend the JD-U's Adhikar Rally.Mohammad Qasim, a shoe shopowner on Fraser Road, was standing beside his shop with the shutters down. He said, \"The mob is not aggressive but why take risks. Such a crowd cannot be handled by anyone if it goes berserk. I shall open the shop in the evening.\"A few shopkeepers were chatting in a group at one of the market places on Fraser Road. A textile shop owner said, \"Though some shops are closed on Sundays, this time of the season, right before Diwali most of the outlets are open everyday.\" He added that Sunday usually sees an increase in footfalls at many stores due to holiday, but it was not so today owing to the Adhikar Rally.One of the malls of Patna was open but had its shutters down. When asked about the reason, an employee said, \"The crowd passing through this area is huge. We will open the shutters in the evening.\"However, betel shops were not only open but thronged by people. One of the betel shopowners said, \"Most of the people are paying for the 'paan' or cigarettes, but there are a few who don't pay. What can we do? We live on our daily income and have to open our shops.\"Small vendors selling fruits, peanuts, \"papad\" or other eatables at Gandhi Maidan, however, did a good business on the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098760", "title": "I\u00e2\u20ac\u2122m not keen on Bollywood\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "After bagging the coveted crown, Bollywood is the ultimate destination for a majority of beauty queens. But Miss India Earth 2008 Tanvi Vyas surprises us by saying that she doesn't want to jump into the Bollywood bandwagon, at least in the near future. \"I'm not interested in B-town at the moment. I started my film career in the southern film industry and I want to concentrate on my career here. Bollywood works better for star sons and daughters ,\" says the Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhai actress.After her maiden venture in Tamil, Tanvi is on the verge of signing a Telugu project. \"I am reading three scripts at the moment and I might zero in on a Telugu film by the end of this month. I am quite interested in the Tamil and Telugu film industry, which are extremely professional and I am brushing up my language skills for the same. I had picked up few words in Tamil when I was shooting for Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhai . Had I stayed in Chennai for a few more days, I would have learnt the language to an extent,\" she says.This was Tanvi's maiden visit to Coimbatore and she was all excited about her trip. \"The farthest I have travelled down south is Chennai and that too was for my movie ( Eppadi Manasukkul Vandhai ). I was really thrilled about being in Coimbatore,\" says Tanvi.So, what's keeping the model-turned-actor busy these days? \"I am modelling and shooting for television and print commercials. I am also into graphic designing along with my partner, which keeps me on my toes,\" says the former beauty queen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095353", "title": "Rahul plays \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcoutsider\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 to shed UPA baggage", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of moving up the line of succession, Rahul Gandhi blamed the ills of corruption and malgovernance on the system and positioned himself as the agent of change in the musty Delhi durbar, playing the quintessential outsider to free himself of the baggage of eight years of UPA.\"The political system is the biggest problem, its doors are closed for the common man, the weak. The closed system hurts... the youth dreams but the system trips him,\" Rahul said on Sunday.Coming from an influential member of the ruling establishment and someone about to be designated as the party No.2, the assault on the system may have sounded clever. In fact, the Ramlila Maidan mega show only stoked the buzz about Rahul taking the reins of the Grand Old Party as he took the mike before PM Manmohan Singh and party chief Sonia Gandhi. If audacious, the manoeuvre appeared well-considered.Blaming UPA's bugbears on the system and the toll it takes on the youth appeared part of the project to ease into the role of GenNext icon. Drawing the big picture of \"system\" helps avoid being entangled in the nitty gritties of 2G-Coalgate-CWG minefield while the focus on future equips him with the readymade slogan for 2014 as PM candidate. It seeks to secure a clean slate despite eight years on the treasury benches.Rahul seems to have put his finger on how to distance his leadership from UPA's negatives while retaining the advantage as \"outsider-activist\", a tough double to deliver after successive governments in Delhi.The success of the strategy would depend on multiple factors, especially how Congress tackles the economy and graft. But unmindful of the challenges ahead, Rahul kept focus on his future vision while the atmospherics of the rally appeared the red carpet for his ascent - he spoke ahead of all, gave the strongest backing to reforms like FDI , and even delineated his \"dil ki baat\" from PM Singh who he said will \"talk about economic challenges\".The young leader did not appear reluctant, something that has pleasantly surprised partymen who were apprehensive in the aftermath of a disastrous UP campaign, scams and economic mess. Evidence: he patronizingly addressed organizational czars and young Union ministers, \"You are tired of this system, I know you want to change the system. I am with you.\"Confident of his tack, he moved a step further to even attack BJP - painting the saffron party's graft war as episodic that ran contrary to his grand theme of system. \"The opposition raises the issue of corruption but has any opposition leader spoken about changing the system,\" he asked.Chiding the opposition for corruption may sound incredulous but party quarters are confident that BJP cannot sustain a Congress-centric campaign on graft, their belief bolstered by exposes on BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business and civil society's accusation that the NDA regime granted sweetheart deals to Reliance. BJP has distanced itself from India Against Corruption after being a votary earlier.On the cusp of assuming the top mantle, there has not been much change from Rahul's early days when he pitched for the \"bouquet approach\" of economic reforms along with social welfare. On Sunday, he vouched for FDI, while saying that growth will fund welfare programmes like MGNREGA-loan waiver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095624", "title": "Digital archive on Bhupen Hazarika's works at Gauhati University", "text": "GUWAHATI: Almost six decades ago, Bhupen Hazarika was compelled to quit his job as assistant lecturer at Gauhati University due to his purported association with leftists. Instead, the zazabor (wanderer) found place in every Indian's heart.The university's decision to shun Hazarika in the 1950s was triggered by his association with the leftist Indian People's Theatre Association and his visit to Russia . Ironically, the same varsity gave the great poet his due respect after his death.Not only is GU planning a grand memorial for the singer, the varsity also inaugurated a digital archive to immortalize his works a day before his first death anniversary. Speaking on the opening of the archive on Sunday, Meghalaya governor Ranjit Kumar Mooshahary said Hazarika's works talk about philosophy of life and are relevant even today.About the singer, Mooshahary said: \"Why do we listen to his songs or read his poems even today? Why do we still love him so much? It is because he struck an emotional chord with us. But at the same time it needs to be noted that if we cannot instill in us his humanitarian spirit, then we cannot understand his creations.\"\"He was passionate about three things - music and arts, social transformation and unification of mankind. The malaises which exist in our society today are mainly due to lack of integration, ethics, justice and politics sans principles, and superstition. Hazarika wanted reformation. If we fail to imbibe his ideas then it is futile to build memorials,\" he added.The archive has been developed by the IT department of GU. \"It is a special tribute to the great singer, lyricist and poet. It is necessary to take Bhupen Hazarika's works to the world and IT helped us do that,\" said Shikhar Kumar Sarma, head of the IT department. The project was initiated in December 2011.There are two databases for lyrics and songs. The integration of the two databases is an important factor as the domain has been integrated with an interactive user interface. The domain has also been designed in the Unicode universal format. through which a user can paste the lyrics on a MS Word page effectively.However, a user will not be able to download songs as the archive is meant for research and academic purposes.The archive has 173 songs with lyrics, 152 songs in different languages, like English, Bengali, Karbi, Manipuri and Nagamese, and 356 lyrics. The department also plans to add Hazarika's movies and videos of his songs to the archive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17098432", "title": "German woman raped, robbed in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: A German national was allegedly raped and robbed by unidentified persons at her residence in suburban Bandra on Monday, police said here.\"A German woman approached us claiming that she has been raped. Accordingly, we registered her complaint and are investigating the matter,\" said a police official.The incident occurred at her residence in posh Bandra locality, police said, adding that she also claimed to have been robbed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "17096874", "title": "Vernon Philander named South African Sportsman of the Year", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricketer Vernon Philander was named South Africa's 'Sportsman of the Year' after losing the top title of 'Sports Star of the Year' to Olympic gold-medallist swimmer Chad Le Clos.Le Clos won gold in the men's 200m butterfly at the London Olympic Games when he pipped legendary American Michael Phelps, and also notched up a silver in the men's 100m butterfly.He bagged a million rands and a luxury BMW car by securing the most votes from the South African public.Other nominees for the award were Hashim Amla (cricket), Natalie du Toit (swimming), Siyabonga Nomvethe (soccer), Vernon Philander (cricket), Oscar Pistorius (athletics) and Caster Semenya (athletics).Semenya was named the 'Sportswoman of the Year' after her silver medal in the 800m in London.Pistorius got the 'Sportsman of the Year with a Disability' after becoming the first amputee runner to compete at the Olympics, with Du Toit was named Sportswoman of the Year with a Disability.Cricket South Africa congratulated Philander for the honour he got.\"Vernon has been an inspirational member of the Proteas Castle Lager Test squad during the past year,\" said Cricket South Africa Acting CEO Jacques Faul.\"To become the fastest player to take 50 Test match wickets in more than 100 years is a phenomenal achievement on its own. But to do so in his debut year of Test match cricket is truly remarkable.\"To cap it all he was named Man of the Match in South Africa's Test victory at Lord's this year when the Proteas claimed the No.1 ranking in Test match cricket,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093836", "title": "Sugar crop came a cropper, thanks to political rivalry", "text": "NAGPUR: Vidarbha once had 22 sugar factories running on cooperative basis but eventually they shut down as sick units. Now only four remain including three run by the Purti Group in East Vidarbha and one by Vasantrao Naik Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana near Yavatmal which covers cultivators in the west.Those who ran these cooperatives cite lack of raw material as the primary reason for the failure. Veteran Congressman Ranjit Deshmukh who headed the Ram Ganesh Gadkari Sahakari Sakhar Karkhana said that lack of irrigation affected sugarcane cultivation in Vidarbha. \"Poor realization and heavy debt in the initial years itself led to losses and eventual shutting down,\" he said.Dr Sanotsh Kumar Korpe, whose father Annasaheb Korpe who also headed a sugar factory in Akola, cited a similar reason. \"The factories were started on the basis of the region's potential to grow sugarcane. The actual supply was not up to expectations,\" he said.However, according to sources in the political circles, there were other reasons for the cooperatives' downfall too. \"Leaders in Vidarbha wanted to copy their counterparts in western Maharashtra and build a sugar lobby here. Finances were raised recklessly from the Maharashtra State Cooperative Bank (MSCB) only to end up in defaults. Even figures were fudged to secure loans. However, there was a great mismatch between the capacities of all the factories clubbed and sugarcane grown in the region,\" said a source in the BJP.It is easy to start a sugar cooperative as loan to the tune of nine times of the capital can be secured from the MSCB. The cooperatives were also used as political turfs. For example if a factory was headed by a person whose rival was at the helm in the district cooperative bank, the latter would deliberately delay funds for working capital requirements. This led to defaults in liabilities towards the cultivators. The cooperatives also lacked professional management, said a source in this industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17094885", "title": "Mosquito larvae found at bypass firecracker market", "text": "LUDHIANA: Keep yourself covered as you go for Diwali shopping, scouting around for your favourite fireworks at the cracker market near Jalandhar Bypass. For, the health authorities have found larvae of dengue-causing mosquitoes at the place.Dr Anil Verma, epidemiologist at civil surgeon's office, said, \"As a number of people visit the firecracker market near Jalandhar Bypass ahead of Diwali, we checked the spot. After we found larvae of dengue-causing mosquitoes there, we told the municipal corporation to carry out fogging in the area.\"Varun Behl, a businessman of Gurdev Nagar, said, \"The civic body should take the necessary steps immediately, as many people visit the market.\"A firecracker seller said, \"MC has not yet carried out fogging in the market. It should act without wasting any time.\"MC medical officer Dr Vipul Malhotra said, \"I am not aware of it. I will send a team to conduct fogging in the area.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098374", "title": "Jayaprada glad with people's response to KVSR", "text": "Actor and Member of Parliament Ms. Jayaprada watched the sensational film 'Kranti Veera Sangolli Raayanna' starring Darshan and directed by Naganna on Sunday afternoon. The film's producer Anand Appugol was also present along with Ms. Jayaprada. Jayaprada felt happy about the film and said that she has been relieved now after hearing the news about the film's tremendous response from the public. \"I am also glad that the audience and critics have accepted me in the role of Kiththoor Chennamma,\" said Jayaprada. She said the efforts of producer Anand Appugol, director Naganna, actor Darshan and writer Keshava had paid rich dividends in the form of a stupendous public response to the film.Earlier participating in a press meet on Saturday night organised for celebrating the success of the film, Jayaprada said she had faced healty competition from Darshan in many sequences of the film. \"I used to even fight with director Naganna that I have to get prominence in a sequence mainly because I was the queen. But Naganna managed to convince me and now I have heard people speaking well about my character in the film' added the actress who has eternally remained glamorous from the day she was introduced to the film industry.\"Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17095604", "title": "Full port status for Attari border demanded", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"We have already begun exporting yarn to Pakistan three months ago. However, Punjab has its own limitations as its a landlocked state. This visit will usher in a new tie with the neighbouring country,\" Neeraj Saluja, MD, SEL, told TOI over the phone.At present, the bilateral trade between India and Pakistan stands at about Rs 18,000 crore. On March 23 this year, Pakistan had increased its 'Positive List' comprising 1,974 items that could be exported by India. The neighbouring country, however, also produced a fresh 'Negative List' of 1,209 products. \"Items like tractors and auto parts are included in the 'Negative List',\" said Sanjiv Bawa, executive director, Punjab small industries export corporation (PSIEC) -the state agency which is facilitating the industrialists' visit with Sukhbir.After a recent September visit to Pakistan, Punjab's chief secretary Rakesh Singh, however, had indicated that there was a consensus to dismantle the 'Negative List' by December 2012. At present, India and Pakistan allow trade of only 137 items through the land route including Attari border in Amritsar. In March this year, India has set up a Rs 150 crore stateof-the-art integrated check post (ICP) to handle greater passenger and cargo traffic on its side at Attari. Fresh from a Confederation of Industry (CII) meet that took place in Gurgaon on Saturday, the 50-year-old Sanawar school educated MLA from Jalalabad said that the Attari-Wagah border for trade was a \"game-changer\". On Saturday, Badal Jr, at the CII's 'Invest North' convention, had also demanded a \"full port\" status for the Attari border and sought approval from ministry of external affairs (MEA) for allowing import of 6,000 items. These items are currently being traded between the sea ports at Mumbai and Karachi. Despite his government's landslide triumph in the state polls, Sukbir and Punjab CM Parkash Badal have been trying to find ways to reduce the state's revenue deficit that has gone up to an embarassing all-time high of Rs 6,000 crore.Besides, the state's plunging growth rate has been hovering at an abysmally low 5.6 per cent.\"Punjab is waiting for the day when it would be allowed to export its agriculture produce, including wheat and paddy, directly to Pakistan and central Asian countries, including Iran, through road route,\" said the deputy CM. India, which had bestowed a MFN status on Pakistan in 1996, has had strained relations with its neighbour since the 26/11 attack in Mumbai.Both countries have been looking for enhanced bilateral trade relations. The central banks of both the countries are working out modalities for opening of bank branches in each other's countries, he added. Besides this, Badal Jr has also sought the Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's intervention for opening of consulates in Amritsar and Lahore respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17094091", "title": "UP under Akhilesh was on a short communal fuse this Dussehra", "text": "LUCKNOW: What the demolition of the disputed structure at Ram Janmabhoomi could not do in 1992, stray rumours did in Faizabad 20 years later on October 24 this year. It was Dussehra day and the processions carrying Durga idols for immersion were passing through the city at their usual pace. Then suddenly rumours of a stone being thrown at idols spread like wildfire. Within hours, it singed the temple town, and Faizabad, known for religious tolerance and amity, was in the grip of a full-blown riot. One person was killed and property worth crores was gutted. A week down, the temple town is limping back to normal with curfew being relaxed, but people are stunned that the place, which remained peaceful even when the whole country burned after the Babri demolition, should break into riots now.And Faizabad is only the latest episode. Communal riots, unheard of during Mayawati's five-year rule, have occurred in quick succession at Mathura, Pratapgarh, Bareilly and Ghaziabad too. Lucknow and Kanpur saw minor skirmishes as well. Since May, eight major cases were reported in UP in which at least 15 persons were killed. Clearly these are not stray incidents; instead they point to the ugly politics of polarisation. In Mathura, violence broke out on June 2 following a dispute over using drinking water kept outside a place of worship in the Kosi Kalan area. On June 24, there was large-scale arson in Pratapgarh after a Muslim boy allegedly raped and murdered a minor dalit girl. This was followed by another communal clash in the same district when a person was killed in a dispute over paying richshaw fare.On July 23, three persons were killed in Bareilly following dispute over removal of loudspeakers from places of worship. On August 12 curfew was imposed in parts of Bareilly following fresh violence over a dispute during a religious procession. Later, Ghaziabad erupted suddenly. On September 16, at least 6 persons were killed in clashes following reports of a sacred book found desecrated.One thing stands out in all the cases. While there was always a trigger - be it a rumour or an act by someone - such large-scale violence along communal lines cannot be attributed to that immediate provocation alone. There is a host of factors combining to make a deadly communal cocktail leading to a tinder-box situation.Take the case of Faizabad.\"It started on July 24 in fact when the two communities came face to face over a place of worship in Mirzapur village of the district. The saffron brigade staged a series of protests accusing the district administration of favouring Muslims,\" says Dr Abdullah. A private medical practitioner in Faizabad, Dr Abdullah believes unrest in the two communities had been palpable since the assembly elections. The general perception among Muslims is the saffron brigade has been restless since it lost Faizabad assembly seat to the Samajwadi Party (SP) in the 2012 assembly polls for the first time since 1991.The theft of three ancient idols at Devkaali temple in Faizabad added to the communal polarisation that had begun after the Mirzapur mosque incident. Miscreants fled with ashtadhatu idols from the temple said to be the first place Lord Rama was brought to by his mother Kaushalya after his birth. \"There was growing resentment among the Hindus as they felt that administration was not doing enough to recover the stolen idols,\" says a local businessman.Tension between the two communities grew after reports that Yogi Adityanath \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the firebrand Bharatiya Janata Party MP from Gorakhpur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d reportedly held a series of meetings in Faizabad warning the authorities of serious repercussions if the police failed to recover the idols and arrest the accused soon. During Navratra, the idols were recovered, but this did little to ward off the Dussehra clashes. \"What bothers me most is that communal riots have become so frequent in UP ever since Samajwadi Party came to power,\" says Jameel Ahmed, a lawyer in Faizabad.Also, in most cases the trigger for riots was hardly ever an issue to galvanise communal passion on this scale. In Mathura, for example, riots broke out after a Hindu passerby used drinking water kept outside a mosque.\"Such reasons are far too frivolous to trigger a communal riot,\" said retired IPS officer and former UP director general of police (DGP) K L Gupta. \"It appears some people were waiting for an opportunity to destroy peace.\"\"Every time a communal clash takes place, the government says it will take strict action. Riots continue in places they were never heard of, explains how strict government is in checking them,\" says Vipin, a general merchant in Faizabad's Chowk area. \"The chief minister claimed riots were result of a conspiracy to malign the image of his party. Is the government incapable of checking such elements,\" he asks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17095220", "title": "'Old car tyres can help stop hurricanes'", "text": "LONDON: Devastating tropical storms like Superstorm Sandy, which battered the US last week, could be weakened and rendered less lethal by using a simple and cheap technology based on old car tyres, scientists claim.Stephen Salter, one of Britain's leading marine engineers from Edinburgh University, has patented with Microsoft billionaires Bill Gates and Nathan Myhrvold the idea of using thousands of tyres lashed together to support giant plastic tubes which extend 100 metre deep into the ocean.Wave action on the ocean surface would force warm surface water down into the deeper ocean, 'The Observer' reported.According to Salter, if non-return valves were used the result would be to mix the waters and cool the surface temperature of the ocean to under 26.5\u00c2\u00b0C - the critical temperature at which hurricanes form. Salter, who has written to the government's chief scientific officer about his scheme, said that harnessing energy from the waves to cool the surface temperature of the ocean makes ecological sense.According to him, the naturally working pumps would be located in \"hurricane alley\" - the warm corridor in the Atlantic through which the most damaging storms typically develop and pass. Salter claims that the hydrological problems have been solved but that research funding is urgently needed.\"If you can cool the sea surface , you would calm the hurricanes . I estimate you would need about 150-450 of these structures. They would drift around and send out radar signals so that no one would collide with them,\" the paper quoted him as saying.The idea of what is now known as the \"Salter Sink\" was first presented to the US government in 2007 at a post-Katrina US homeland security meeting. It was picked up and developed by Intellectual Ventures , a Seattlebased new tech company run by Myhrvold and backed by Gates which buys and licences patents and inventions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17095391", "title": "Dera Beas, Sikhs on verge of solving gurdwara issue", "text": "JALANDHAR: After an acrimonious faceoff between Radha Soami Dera, Beas and Sikh organizations over the issue of demolition of a gurdwara in village Waraich after it was purchased by the dera, both the sides have entered into negotiations for an amicable settlement on the issue.The issue had snowballed into a major controversy and various Sikh organizations had even organized a special meetings while strongly protesting against the move of the dera. Following these protests, the dera had even apologized on July 19.Sources privy to the negotiations revealed that these were initiated by dera head Baba Gurinder Singh Dhillon, who was keen to have peace with the Sikhs, avoiding any confrontation with the community. It is learnt that parleys have been held directly between the dera head and leaders of radical Sikh organizations and dera head. While at least one meeting took place between the dera head a prominent Sikh sant at Chandigarh, another meeting was held at Dera Beas.It is learnt that the Dera head made various offers to them to ensure peace. Efforts are on to offer an honourable exit to both the parties, and at the same time resolve the issue permanently. Sources said that the visit of the Dera head to Darbar Sahib in the last week of September was also a major confidence building measure during these negotiations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094044", "title": "Nagri land battle chronicle released", "text": "RANCHI: Nagri activists have started making efforts to take the fight for land rights to a new platform. Tribal writers and activists have compiled the Nagri land row in a book which was released here on Sunday by Mandar MLA Bandhu tirkey. The 160-page book titled \"Nagri ka nagara \" is dedicated to three tribal villagers Mundri Oraon, Dahsmi Kerketta and Poko Tirkey, who died because of heat stroke while they were sitting on the disputed plot on a sit-in in May.The book throws light on the backdrop of Nagri movement and the reason because of which tribals are up in arms against the forceful land eviction. Editor of the book, Gladson Dungdung, said in case of conflict between basic laws and special laws of a region the supremacy of special laws are accepted by the apex court. \"In this matter, the high court and the state government are considering the Land Acquisition Act of 1894 but is not ready to understand the fact that Ranchi comes under the Fifth Schedule of the Constitution where Chotanagpur Tenancy Act is applicable as a special law,\" he said. Describing the book, as a documentation of events that unfolded since the agitation began, Dungdung said the role of political parties had been dubious and have been highlighted in the book.Social activist Kislaya said the book would help intelligentsia to develop some understanding about the tribal plight. \"There is a disconnect within the society where the so called well educated society are blind supporters of the people in power and reject common logic when the issues are related to tribals or deprived section of the society,\" he said.A series of books have been published in Jharkhand during different movements and have been effective in shaping the outlook of general people towards the cause of fight. Human rights activists Stain Swami said apart from mobilizing mass opinion the villagers must be provided with cheap and quality legal aid so that they may pray their case before the courts.\"We are roping in some learned advocates to file a fresh case to prove that Ranchi comes under Schedule 5 of the Indian constitution where land rights can be transferred only by the consent of tribal advisory council and approval of governor,\" he said.Tirkey who has been leading the Nagri movement from the front said that the book exposes role of tribal leaders who came to the agitation spot but remained quiet in the assembly. \"People should know their leaders role and stand and the book is a great tool to expose the leaders who tried gaining mileage out of the land row and distanced themselves at the hour of need,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093629", "title": "Dev authority bulldozes top floor of tower in Mahanagar", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Development Authority on Sunday bulldozed top floor of a four-storey building in Mahanagar area. LDA officials claimed that the owner had got a residential map sanctioned from the authority, but instead had constructed apartment tower in that area.An official said that it was necessary to demolish such buildings to teach a lesson to people who indulge in unauthorised constructions and take the authority for ride. As per the building bye laws, an apartment cannot be set up in less than 2000 metre square area. The C-706 tower was built in less than 320 metre square area, and hence the authority bulldozed the top floor.As per the UP Urban Planning and Development Act 1973, building an apartment against residential map is against the building bye laws, said an official. The tower comprised a floor meant for parking plus four floors on the top. Since the building was made up of reinforced cement concrete, LDA could only demolish the top floor.A PIL (Public Interest Litigation) was filed by Anil Kumar Tripathi in the high court versus State of UP and others under case- A343 MB 2010 with regards to this building, which led the authority to demolish it.In the past two days, LDA has already demolished a couple of towers on the Faizabad Road, whose maps were not been approved by the authority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli/bangalore", "code": "17095026", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa turns to minority neta to take on Shettar", "text": "HUBLI/BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa on Sunday held extensive talks with Congress leader and former minister Jabbar Khan Honnali in an attempt to woo him to join his party.Yeddyurappa is planning to pit Honnali against Jagadish Shettar from the chief minister's home turf of Hubli Central constituency.A senior leader close to Yeddyurappa said Honnali agreed to contest against Shettar after two rounds of talks, but sought some time to enlist the consent of his supporters. Yeddyurappa was in Hubli on Sunday to attend a conference of the Hugar community.Yeddyurappa's script is to neutralize Shettar's influence in North Karnataka by defeating him in the elections and prevent him from emerging as a Lingayat leader. Sources said Yeddyurappa's attempts to get his loyalist Basavaraj Bommai to contest against Shettar failed.Yeddyurappa is banking on Honnali for an upset win against Shettar as he enjoys clout among the Muslim community in Hubli. He took over as president of Anjuman-e-Islam , a powerful organization in North Karnataka, by defeating former minister A M Hindasgeri's group in a recent election.Fed up with groupism in Congress, Honnali is said to have expressed willingness to join Yeddyurappa's party as he feels he will enjoy the support of Lingayats in the Hubli Central apart from that of Muslims.Hubli Central has around 50,000 Muslim voters. No party has fielded a Muslim candidate from this constituency. The JD(S), too, is wooing Honnali to contest on its party ticket. A day after BJP asked its cadres not to criticize Yeddyurappa , women and child development minister Kalakappa Bandi on Sunday hit out at the former CM stating no individual is bigger than the party. \"The party is built by lakhs of volunteers, not by any individual ,\" he said.Meanwhile, BJP's Karnataka point man Dharmendra Pradhan is expected to come to Bangalore on Tuesday to strategize plans to retain Yeddyurappa in the party. \"A meeting of supporters has been convened at Yeddyurappa's residence on Tuesday,\" B P Harish, former CM's close aide, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17095329", "title": "Zaheer Khan picks wicket, but pulls groin", "text": "MUMBAI: After barren spells with the new and the old ball that only kept adding to Mumbai's frustration, Zaheer Khan finally struck in the Ranji Trophy against Railways, picking the wicket of Mahesh Rawat in typical fashion.The ball moved away slightly from the right-hander and caught the edge to land in the 'keeper's gloves.The relief looked evident in Zaheer's celebration - he lifted both his arms in the air, then dropped his shoulders to take a breather. After having bowled 20 overs in more than three-and-a-half-sessions, to finally earn a wicket was indeed a moment of irony for India's bowling mainstay who has his eyes trained on England right now.However, soon after the scalp, Zaheer cramped his way out of the field, clutching his groin, which immediately raised an injury scare.The bowler doubted the discomfort for a moment, thought about it, spoke to his teammates and just walked away, not returning to bowl anymore in the last session.Mumbai captain Ajit Agarkar said, \"Zaheer was cramping just because of a little bit of dehydration because it got humid in the afternoon.\" He further added that Zaheer would be back on Monday morning to bowl again.Rawat's wicket, however, should give Zaheer a lot of confidence. The ball was just four overs old, after Mumbai asked for a change post the 80th over. In his earlier spells, totaling up to 20 overs, Zaheer gave no indication whatsoever of any fitness-related issue but frustration over lack of wickets did show up.Railways finished 380-8 at stumps with skipper Agarkar and left-arm spinner Iqbal Abdulla doing most of the damage . Overnight batsmen Nitin Bhille (73) and Sanjay Bangar (67) completed their half-centuries on Monday morning, followed by Rawat's 68, that added to Railways' total.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093638", "title": "Govt ignored mid-day meal missive?", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as investigations into allegations of diversion of rice meant for the mid-day meal scheme for schools in parts of Mumbai and surrounding areas continued on Sunday, the ISKCON Food Relief Foundation (IFRF), the mid-day meal contractor under the scanner, claimed it had repeatedly approached government agencies to stop excessive supply of rice to it.Following raids by the office of the controller of rationing and director of civil supplies at the Patel Cold Storage warehouse in Turbhe and another unit Ace International in Koparkhairane, the Navi Mumbai police on Saturday registered two cases against the owners of these units and IFRF purchase manager Sunil Kumar Party for illegal hoarding aimed at diversion of rice in the open market.About 15,267 bags with a total amount of 7,634 quintal rice, worth over Rs 2 crore in open market, were confiscated during the raid. Warehouse officials told the police that they had been holding the stock since June 2012 at the behest of the IFRF. Warehouse records also showed that 15,458 bags were transported at IFRF's behest from Food Corporation of India (FCI) godowns to the warehouse during the period.Questioning the excessive storage and the difference between the quantity of rice confiscated and transported quantity, rationing officials alleged that rice was being diverted.HG Radha Krishna Das, program managing director, IFRF, denied the allegations. On February 2, 2010, Das had written to the additional municipal commissioner, eastern suburbs, BMC, informing him that the \"quantity of rice received from FCI is more than what was required for preparing the meals\". The IFRF had said that to prevent malpractice and waste, it should be permitted to either exchange the extra raw rice for other ingredients like dal, spices and ghee or lift only as much rice as required. Alternatively, the NGO had also sought permission to distribute the balance raw rice to the children at the end of the month. \"Our communication yielded no response,\" Das said.While rationing officials continue to maintain that after storage at the warehouse, the FCI rice was \"polished\" at Ace International before being repacked in jute bags and sold, Das maintained that the unit was one of three facilities used by it for \"cleaning\" of the rice. Das claimed that the rice transported from the godown was not in a ready-to-use condition. Das produced official letters regarding the cleaning facility with various government and semi-government agencies. Even the office of the controller of rationing and director of civil supplies had responded to one such letter in 2010.Women &amp; child devpt min to meet CMWomen and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad will discuss the controversy over contracts allotted by her department for supply of supplementary nutritious food to children in the six months to three years age group and pregnant and lactating mothers with CM Prithviraj Chavan on Monday. Following an adverse report submitted by commissioners to the SC about the matter on Friday, the department is also seeking legal opinion. Over the last two years, several cases have been filed in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093521", "title": "Regional transport office gets 60 complaints a month against auto drivers", "text": "PUNE: The regional transport office (RTO) receives a minimum of 60 complaints against autorickshaw drivers in the city, and refusal to ply tops the list with over 50% of the total complaints received.The city's biggest autorickshaw union - Rickshaw Panchayat Pune, Pimpri-Chinchwad, has appealed to autorickshaw drivers not to refuse services to commuters. The president of the union, Baba Adhav, and convenor Nitin Pawar said that steps were being initiated to educate autorickshaw drivers to offer better services.Refusal to ply on short and long routes has always remained the top complaint against city autorickshaw drivers, according to the RTO, Pune.As per statistics of the last seven months (April to October), compiled by the RTO, more than 423 complaints of different nature were registered against autorickshaws, of which 257 complaints (more than 50%) were regarding refusal to ply, followed by overcharging, rude behaviour and tampering of fare meters/fast running of meters.The RTO has said that there has been a steady rise in the number of complaints in the last five months. The highest number of complaints was received in September (169).Pawar said, \"We have appealed to drivers to offer good services to commuters, especially not to refuse services to senior citizens, children and women. We have planned to conduct area-wise meetings of autorickshaw drivers across the city. During the meetings we will discuss the issues with them.\"There are about 45,000 autorickshaws in the city. During special drives, the RTO and traffic police department initiate action against erring drivers. An RTO official said that as many as 400 licences of autorickshaw drivers were suspended in the last two months on the basis of passenger complaints. A fine of Rs 2.27 lakh was collected in these cases. Most licences were suspended for 10 days, while in some cases suspension was ordered for six months.Subhash Mehta, a resident of Shivajinagar, pointed out that there was an urgent need to bring a change in the behaviour of autorickshaw drivers towards commuters. Mehta said that commuters at railway stations and bus stands often face problems as drivers keep asking for additional money and refuse to ply as per meters. College student Vishakha Roshan said that autorickshaw drivers should carry identity cards and badges issued by the RTO.Baba Shinde, former member of Regional Transport Authority, said despite repeated drives, autorickshaw drivers failed to provide good services. Shinde said that the drivers' unions should educate autorickshaw drivers and ask them not to harass commuters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17094008", "title": "Honda City, car thieves' favourite?", "text": "GURGAON: It seems Honda City cars are on the radar of carjackers these days. Two cars were stolen in a week in the Sushant Lok-I area. An FIR has been lodged but police are still clueless about the cars and the thieves.Rresidents of the upscale areas are worried by the rise in car theft cases. One such resident, Gunjan Dhooria, regrets buying a new car. On October 16, he had bought a new Honda City car from Delhi, but his car was stolen on October 23. As luck would have it, his neighbour, Vijay Kumar, also lost his Honda City car on the same day. Both the cars were parked outside their residences in C Block when they were stolen.\"Both of us had lodged FIR in the Sushant Lok police %station. But police remain clueless till today,\" Dhooria said. \"The city has seen an increase in car theft. Unfortunately, police and private security guards are unable to deter car lifters,\" Dhooria said. Sources said vehicle thieves opted for cars on the basis of model and colour. The Honda City cars are in huge demand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098117", "title": "Pippa Middleton outlines her perfect day", "text": "Pippa Middleton has described her perfect day during an exclusive interview with a US magazine.\"When I was growing up, our family didn't have Sunday lunch every weekend, but if there was a chance we would all be together or that we could escape for the day from boarding school, a Sunday lunch was always a favourite option,\" People magazine quoted Pippa as saying.\"We were hungry school children with a never-ending appetite! The chef (Mum) always liked it, as it meant she could have Sunday evenings off-duty, leaving the rest of us to knock up something quick and easy-scrambled eggs on toast, omelettes, or rounds of cucumber sandwiches.\"For us as well as others with busy lifestyles, a routine Sunday lunch has become more of a rarity, but it will never lose its appeal.\"My ideal Sunday lunch would start with a walk to build up an appetite or (better still) a walk that finishes off at a local pub before heading home. I would choose a pot-roast or slow-roast which can be prepped in advance.\"Cooking a large piece of meat is an inclusive and domestic ritual and a tradition to cherish. It doesn''t always have to be a traditional roast, but it has to be familiar and cozy: bangers (sausages) and mash, a chicken pie, lasagne or a casserole all lend themselves readily to second and third helpings as well as a glass of red wine!\"No starter, but jugs of bloody Mary with nibbles or even a dry sherry and salted almonds are quite the thing now and not quite as \"old-generation\" as some think!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panipat", "code": "17095424", "title": "Iron rod pierces 4-yr-old in stomach in Haryana", "text": "PANIPAT: An iron rod pierced the stomach of a four-year-old girl in Panipat in a road accident. However, doctors of a private hospital managed to save her after an hour-long surgery and the girl is now out of danger and recovering well.The incident happened on Friday, when Divya, 4, was walking down the road along with her father Satish Kumar of Sidharth Nagar, around 8pm. She was hit by a rashly driven autorickshaw. Such was the impact that the young girl was flung against an iron pole on the roadside. As she fell, a part of the iron rod, of 1.5cm diameter, pierced her abdomen.A profusely bleeding Divya was rushed to the civil hospital, from where she was referred to PGIMS in Rohtak.However, not wanting to waste any more time and delay treatment, Satish took his daughter to a private hospital. Reaching Rohtak would have taken a lot more time.Dr Narender Goyal, who operated upon the girl, said that she was recovering fast and regained consciousness a few hours after the surgery. \"She cannot eat as yet but speaks briefly. She is safe now. Her abdomen was completely ruptured,\" the doctor said.Narrating the incident, a traumatized Satish said: \"My daughter has been gifted a second chance to live. My heart sank when I saw her bleeding. Doctors at the hospital in Sukhdev Nagar began operating on her immediately. I waited anxiously for four hours till the good news arrived.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096858", "title": "Anurag Kashyap gets mistaken for RGV", "text": "On Friday night, two filmmakers were busy shooting their upcoming ventures in SoBo. And while Rajkumar Gupta's Ghanchakkar schedule with lead actors Vidya Balan and Emraan Hashmi went off smoothly, Anurag Kashyap's project that was being shot nearby came up against an unforeseen roadblock.Protestors from a leading political outfit landed up on Kashyap's film sets in the Kala Ghoda area thinking it was Ram Gopal Varma shooting his controversial next based on the 26/ 11 attacks.TOI's lensman Raju Shelar caught a glimpse of Kashyap sitting on the steps of a restaurant looking rather dejected. The protestors stalled the shoot proceedings for a while before they realised that it wasn't RGV but somebody else shooting an altogether different film.A little ahead, at Nariman Point, the scene was very different. Vidya and Emraan who play a married couple in Gupta's film about a conman, were spotted getting rather intimate, albeit for the camera. Later, Vidya was even seen driving down the roads of SoBo in a small 'budget' car. The shoot went on till the wee hours of Saturday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17094054", "title": "Illegal scrapyards' issue dominates Colvale VP", "text": "Mapusa: The issue of illegal scrapyards dominated proceedings at the Colvale gram sabha held on Sunday with the panchayat unanimously passing a resolution that NOC's issued to the scrapyards violating norms will be revoked.Villagers demanded that they should be freed from the scrapyards menace as it was alleged that there were 40 illegal units.The gram sabha last Sunday was adjourned because of the chaos created over the illegal scrapyards. Later, a inspection was conducted by the panchayat body along with Bardez joint mamlatdar Anish Prabhudessai on Thursday.The gram sabha congratulated the panchayat body for conducting the inspection and assuring action against the illegal scrapyards, which was never taken during the past 20 years.The villagers alleged that there are a total of 48 scrapyards in the village, out of which four have valid licences while the legality of another four is to be decided by the court.Locals pointed out that as per rules the panchayat has allotted permissions for scrapyards admeasuring 4mx4m, but that they had occupied an area of more than 1,000 sq m area.\"Illegal scrapyards are operating without any income to the panchayat, the illegality should be stopped,\" said Ritesh Varkhandkar, a local.The panchayat unanimously passed the resolution that NOC's issued to the scrapyards violating norms will be revoked. They also stated that they will write to the concerned departments to revoke their electricity and water connections.\"Panchayat will inform the concerned department to revoke the electricity and water connections to the illegal scrapyards,\" Colvale sarpanch Nilam Naik said.\"Agricultural land is converted into non-agricultural and the previous panchayat members acted as brokers to help the scarpyards business for their selfish gains,\" panch member Babani Salgaonkar said.\"Without construction licence they have started construction at the scrapyards, they have constructed more than 4 meter high compound wall to hide their illegalities,\" Salgaonkar said.Villagers also pointed out that the scrapyards are situated beneath the 11,000 KW high tension electricity line which was a danger to life.The panchayat also resolved that a delegation will meet chief minister Manohar Parrikar with a memorandum urging him to clear Colvale from the scrapyards menace.Villagers also demanded action against a hotel in ward number 3 which is coming up, by allegedly violating CRZ norms.The employment to the youth was the other major issue which dominated the gram sabha.The gram sabha also resolved that the panchayat body will urge industries minister Mahadev Naik to conduct a inspection at the Karaswada industrial estate and direct the units there to employ locals to solve the unemployment problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093550", "title": "Two petrol pump attendants attacked, robbed", "text": "NAGPUR: Two petrol pump attendants were stabbed and robbed by a gang of four, including a minor, for not bowing down to their demands. The incident took place at Jaswant Sons Services Indian Oil petrol pump at Narendra Nagar on Saturday evening.Victims Devendra Paradkar and Kishor Selokar are undergoing treatment at Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH). Ajni Police said that since they are unfit to give statement, the exact reason behind the attack could not be ascertained. Police have arrested Narendra Nagar resident Mithilesh Darwade (22), Shahrukh Khan (19), a resident of Wanjari Nagar, and Parvati Nagar resident Rakesh Pali (24). A 17-year-old has been also rounded up.Investigating officer PSI KT Kambde said the accused went to the petrol pump around 8pm. \"According to Paradkar, the boys came walking to the petrol pump. One of the accused approached Paradkar and stopped him from working. The accused asked Paradkar to shut the petrol pump and started beating him after he refused to do so,\" said Kambde. The accused also snatched Rs500 from Paradkar.When Kishor Selokar, another attendant, tried to intervene, the accused stabbed him and Paradkar and fled from the scene.Police have booked the accused under section 394 of the IPC (voluntarily causing hurt and committing robbery). Police denied an old rivalry behind the attack and are investigating other angles. Police said all the accused are employed, either as counter boys with small shops or as labourers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "police commissioner kulwant kumar sarangal speaks to toi on policing nashik city, claims to have curbed crime and promises to come up with a plan to tackle criminals. excerpts", "code": "17095533", "title": "'Regular policing has increased trust in system'", "text": "Police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal speaks to TOI on policing Nashik city, claims to have curbed crime and promises to come up with a plan to tackle criminals. Excerpts:What has changed after you took over as the police commissioner of Nashik ?Basic policing on a regular basis is bringing results. Police officials too are working really hard... solving problems of citizens in the best possible manner, lending a patient ear to everyone's grievances. Today any person simply walks into my office or those of the DCPs and ACPs to narrate his or her problem. This has led to a personal bond between the people and the police. The trust in the system is increasing. We also realize that people's expectations from us are only going to rise and we will have to meet them.Though chain snatchings have come down to some extent, house break-ins and vehicle thefts are still rampant. Why?We are trying different ways to get to the root cause of vehicle thefts in the city. In many cases, fake number plates are put up on bikes. We will soon try a different strategy. Having said this, it is also a fact that the rate of property offences has come down in comparison to last year. This year, the number of house break-ins reported is less by approximately 130. Same is with regard to vehicle thefts, which have come down by 330. I would also like to add that the overall detection rate has increased. Meanwhile, contributory negligence also plays an important role in incidences of vehicle thefts and break-ins.According to you, the presence of police on the city roads acts as a deterrent to crime. The Rs 1 crore robbery took place nevertheless...Crimes happen everywhere. A police van may pass some area and a crime can take place behind it. Thus while presence of the police on city roads is necessary as it instills confidence among people that someone is there for their safety and security, it also cannot be a full proof measure against crime. Meanwhile, it also needs to be noted that the robbery took place when the Ganesh Festival was underway and the entire police force was ensuring law and order in the city. Nonetheless, we have managed to nab the culprits behind the said crime.Apart from break-ins and vehicle thefts, people are also cheated by fake cops. What is your take on this specific crime?We take all crimes personally, because of which we have managed to keep the crime rate significantly low than the past years. As far as the fake cops are concerned, our teams constantly visit Amboli near Kalyan from where these people come and give effect to such crimes. We have managed to keep a check to some extent. The Thane police commissioner has also called a meeting of officials from Nashik police commissionerate and others in a bid to exchange information of criminals, etc which will be useful in the future.How is the coordination of the city police with their counterparts in rural areas?The coordination is pretty good. In instances of chain- snatching we do inform one another and conduct joint nakabandis. The coordination is almost on a day-to-day basis.Traffic management is a big issue in the city. Why are encroachments on roads not removed?Removing encroachments is not controlled by the police. The civic administration removes encroachments. However, we are always ready to provide them the required police force to ensure that there are no law and order issues during anti-encroachment drives. A team of 15 officials is always there for such drives.What happened to the traffic warden scheme?Non-government organizations are needed to sponsor such schemes. As of now, noone has come forward to sponsor the traffic wardens. We also cannot take home guards for this cause as their services are sought on payment.What about the neighbourhood watch scheme?We had started the neighbourhood watch scheme, but the response from citizens has not been on expected lines. People do not inform anyone if they are going out and forget to inform the police. So we have decided to stress on meetings in residential colonies. We would soon start the visiting residential colonies afresh to inform them about security measures.Is closed-circuit television camera system still a far cry for the city, despite reports of terrorists carrying out a recce of strategic locations?CCTV cameras cannot be the panacea for everything. The use of such surveillance systems is only for investigations. Nonetheless, we do not downplay the importance of such systems and have prepared a proposal of Rs 5 crore. CCTV cameras will be installed in the city as the funds are allocated for the same under the Kumbha Mela funds.The police commissionerate had to cut down their proposal by 50% for Kumbh related works. What things have been cut from the proposal?The things removed from the proposal were mostly building related. We wanted to extend and construct certain police station buildings which will not be done now. However, we have sought barracks for a constabulary of 7,000 to 8,000 personnel. Money will also be needed for their travel allowance, communication devices, new chowkies, etc.After nakabandis, combing and all-out operation what will be next?We will soon sit down to take a review of all the campaigns undertaken by the city police commissionerate till now. Things that have been successful will be continued and a few more will be added keeping in mind that criminals are always trying new techniques.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093357", "title": "Chaos at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya PhD entrance test", "text": "INDORE: Chaos was witnessed during the PhD entrance conducted at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV) here on Sunday. Those hailing from Hindi medium background created uproar as the papers were in English language. Nearly 60 aspirants taking entrance examination for mass communication subject later registered their complaint with the vice chancellor for serving question papers in medium other than their background. Ajay Pal, one of the aspirants, said, \"We have put up our complaint with the vice chancellor and we will knock the doors of court. Several students left the examination in between.\"When contacted, the university officials said that it was nowhere written in the UGC Act and university rules that examination papers need to be served in Hindi. Research study is the highest level of education and is considered for presentation and publication on an international platform and hence the papers are served in English.Public Relation Officer, DAVV, MS Parmar said, \"Bunch of students who could not perform well in the examination have raised the issue. It was an objective-based question paper and students are expected to have that much knowledge of English language who wants to pursue research.\"When told if the results would be delayed due to the students move to take the legal route, he said, \"Court gives stay on the basis of rules and regulations. As there is no such rule, we will declare the results on time.\"On Sunday, 3667 aspirants had appeared for the examination out of 4,246 applicants who had applied for the entrance examination for PhD courses in 49 university teaching departments of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV). A maximum of 607 candidates have applied for doctorate in social sciences followed by management aspirants (553). Other subjects where majority of students have shown interest are subjects of computer science and life sciences. A maximum of 125 seats are of management stream followed by commerce with 70 and 50 each in physics, chemistry and economics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17097687", "title": "Monty Panesar, Samit Patel spin out Mumbai A lower order", "text": "MUMBAI: England shot out Mumbai A for 286 in their first innings before lunch to take a 59-run lead on the third and final day of their second warm-up game at the D Y Patil Stadium on Monday.The tourists then increased the lead before the end of the first session by making 13 without loss with openers Joe Root (13) and Nick Compton (0) the unbeaten batsmen after four overs.Resuming at 232 for 4, Mumbai A slumped to 286 in 93 minutes on the third morning, mainly to the spinning ball.Speedster Graham Onions secured the first breakthrough by sending back overnight unbeaten batsman Hiken Shah eight short of his hundred before left-arm spinners Monty Panesar and Samit Patel ran through the lower order.The last five wickets of the home team fell for the addition of only 22 runs -- three overs after Shah fell at 240.Panesar took two of the five wickets that were claimed by the spinners while Patel got the other three in just 16 balls while conceding 10 runs.Panesar finished with 3 for 64, having secured the wicket of Cheteshwar Pujara yesterday, and Patel had figures of 3 for 44 after having made 60 in the England innings.Coming on top of the 100 he made and the two wickets he claimed in the first game against India A, Patel's all-round display here has strengthened his claim for a Test spot in the first match of the best-of-four series starting at Ahmedabad on November 15.Shah, not out 84 last evening when skipper Suryakumar Yadav fell in the last over with the score at 232, and new man Nikhil Patil Jr commenced the innings today against the new ball.Shah cut Graham onions when the bowler erred outside the off stump for a couple of fours before edging him down the leg side to wicket keeper Jonny Bairstow to depart for 92 in the sixth ball of the morning.At the other end, James Anderson , who had sent back Yadav last evening, bowled 14 balls, two from the over in which he got rid off the Mumbai A skipper yesterday, without conceding a run. He then replaced Onions at the pavilion end after the latter's expensive 3-over spell for 23 runs.Monty Panesar, England's best pick on day two, replaced Anderson at the other end and sent back Patil through a catch at mid off to end the first hour of play in which 32 runs were added in 14.2 overs.Samit Patel was brought on for Anderson and struck immediately with his first ball to have Sufiyan Shaikh caught at short extra cover. The home team lost two wickets for one run in 13 balls.Panesar dismissed Shardul Thakur for 1 on the sweep shot to make it 270 for 8, Mumbai A having lost three wickets for six runs in 20 balls.Patel then sent back Kshemal Waingankar and last man Javed Khan in successive balls to end the innings and help England take the first innings lead.Stuart Broad , captaining the side in the absence of the rested Alastair Cook , was on the field from the first ball after having gone for a scan of his left heel at the D Y Patil hospital after the end of play last evening.He did not bowl at all and has bowled only 10 overs, all yesterday. The scan report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098300", "title": "Investment in India: A better choice or a poisoned chalice?", "text": "Prime Minister Dr Manmohan Singh has opened investment doors in India. The business invitations and investment offers from the state governments and the private sector have soared to an all-time peak. The progression and expansion of the Indian businesses, although the statistics are worrying, are laudable. But, are desi-styled businesses really up to the mark for an international market and global competition? Will I favour a business deal with an Indian firm? My experience as a project and design engineer with European firms would call for a second thought and here is why.From a client point of view, for normal supplier selection, key parameters like cost, reputation, supply lead time and product standards met by a supplier are the critical decisive factors for the European clients. An investor would expand his vision even broader covering the zones of taxes, government policies, political scenarios, purchase power and strategic factors. To both the client and the investor, India seems to be a poisoned chalice than a favorable choice. The Indian purchase power is increasing dramatically and the reports show that the India's millionaire population growth would reach 57% by 2017. That's a great market for investors. But this benefit is shrouded by pitfalls.An analysis from experts of the McKinsey Global Institute advices against investment due to the regional inequalities in growth and in poverty levels: They claim that southern region and western regions prosper in India while the other states lag far behind. India's growth strategy does not accommodate the power and energy requisites of future businesses, thus leaving the nation power hungry. For example, Tamil Nadu suffers 4000MW power shortage and the state's chief minister accused the central government for its failure to set up transmission corridors.The R&D; is never an objective in government's to-do list. It's a shame that not even a single Indian educational institution is in the top 200 universities list. Dr N Prabhudev, former Vice- Chancellor, Bangalore University said, \"We can't carry forward with the 19th century mindset, 20th century process and 21st century needs.\" The educational system stays seriously strained. Business authors mention Indian educational inequality as a significant factor. Research papers show that only 25% engineering graduates are of employable standards in India.Bureaucratic complexities make it more worse. The World Bank survey of development shows that the cost of a business start-up in India is nine times as much as its takes in China, and nearly six times delayed to close any business in India than in China. Despite meeting the technical standards, Indian suppliers fall short of advantages on numerous criteria in comparison to the strenuous competition from their Chinese counterparts.There are even more aspects to be discussed in terms of demography, political disruption, cultural and emotional aspects, technology and economics. Refraining is the only option left for small scaled investors unless a powerful lobbying option is affordable. Even then, the well lobbied Tata's attempt to open a plant in Bengal, Kudankulam power plant in Tamil Nadu, supplier chain stores, etc, leave the entrepreneur nerve-wracked. Simply putting, India needs extensive change under all spheres to become a global investment hub.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093586", "title": "Three vehicle thieves held", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three members of the Mewati gang of vehicle thieves have been arrested and 15 vehicles recovered from them. The accused have been identified as Shokin alias Langda (25), Imran and Arif, all residents of Mathura in UP.Police said the gang would conduct a recce in the evening and steal the bikes in the early hours. After the theft they would keep the bikes at their Sangam Vihar hideout and in the night, they would drive it to Mewat for disposal. Police claimed to have solved 25 cases of motorcycle theft with the arrests on Friday.\"The gang is active in Delhi, Noida, Gurgaon and Faridabad. They used to carry lock-breaking equipment and illegal weapons,\" said Chhaya Sharma, DCP South.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17094652", "title": "Massive awareness drive against epidemics begins", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A massive campaign to check the outbreak of epidemics in the city got underway on Sunday. The intensive drive is being organized jointly by health department, NRHM and city corporation. In the coming days, 5,000 squads from various departments will visit the homes and spread awareness about epidemics and steps to prevent them.Health minister V S Sivakumar, actor Suresh Gopi, corporation and health officials led the first phase of the campaign which began in different parts of the city on Sunday. The programme will incorporate ASHA volunteers, kudumbasree members, anganwadi workers , representatives of youth organizations and residents associations.Presentation of street plays, propagation of SMSs on epidemics, display of posters and source-level mosquito eradication processes will be a part of the drive. The campaign will be held in phases on a weekly basis.All the 100 wards in the corporation have been divided into 25 separate zones as part of the campaign. A squad will comprise three to four members and about 50 such squads have already been formed. The corporation would also impart steps to spread the concept of decentralized waste management as part of the campaign.District medical officer Dr T Peethambaran, NRHM district coordinator Dr B.Unnikrishnan and corporation health officer Dr Sreekumar will lead the campaign.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094516", "title": "Sale of substandard drugs rampant, warn officials", "text": "KOCHI: Next time you buy medicine from drug stores in the city, check the details of the medicine and the company that manufactured it. Drugs control department has warned that the sale of substandard drugs is on the rise and drugs worth Rs 28 lakh have been seized in the first seven months of 2012.\"By conducting regular raids on the premises of medical stores and wholesale distributors, we have prevented huge quantity of substandard drugs from reaching the market. Majority of them, which have unapproved chemical combination, are common antibiotics, painkillers and vitamins,\" said drugs control intelligence officer J N Philip.The officer said quantity of such drugs has increased voluminously when compared to the figure in 2011. \"While the value of seized drugs in 2011 was Rs 14 lakh, it had already touched Rs 28 lakh in 2012. The drugs were seized from 15 wholesale depots that supply medicine to the drug stores in city,\" he said.Assistant drugs controller M R Pradeep said they had also tightened their surveillance to check the sale of over the counter (OTC) drugs that hit the market under categories like psychotropic, sex stimulants, erectile dysfunction and hormonal drugs.\"It is quite tough to track OTC drug sales. Though we have enforced maintenance of registers at all points of sale, wholesale dealers and drug stores continue to sell it without any restriction,\" he said. The department has been strictly monitoring the sale of such drugs.As per an internal circular issued by the drugs controller, all inspectors have been directed to check the movement of such drugs and ensure proper registers that will record the name and address of prescriber and patient, phone number of patients, details of the prescription with name, address of seller and date of sale to avoid repeated purchase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17095252", "title": "Ganesh Ingale gets Best Recruit medal", "text": "BELGAUM: Attestation parade for the recruits of Maratha Light Infantry Regimental Centre (MLIRC) was held at Talekar Drill Square here on Saturday.A batch of 146 recruits of group 1/12 who successfully completed their training were attested and will soon be posted to different parts of the country. Lt Gen Narendra Singh, AVSM, SM, VSM, deputy chief of army staff and colonel of the Maratha Light Regimental Centre, reviewed the parade. The soldiers took an oath to serve the country and to protect its integrity even at the cost of their lives.The reviewing officer gave away various medals to the recruits. Overall Best Recruit Medal and Honorary Captain Keshav Rao Talekar medal and trophy for best in drill were awarded to soldier Ganesh Ingale. Major SS Brar medal and trophy for best in physical training was awarded to Subhash Gaikwad.Colonel NJ Nair medal and trophy for best in field craft training was awarded to Karamsing Choudary.Sucha Singh Memorial Cup and Medal for best in outdoor activities was awarded to Vishwas Patil, while Gopal Patil was awarded with Naik Namdev Jadhav Medal and Firing Trophy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "raipur", "code": "17095181", "title": "Two CISF men killed in Maoist attack", "text": "RAIPUR: Armed Maoists opened fire at a CISF post early on Sunday, killing two of its personnel and injuring another person near the famous Bailadila mines of the National Mineral Development Corporation ( NMDC ) in Dantewada district in the tribal Bastar region of Chhattisgarh.Police said that the incident took place at Akash Nagar, close to iron deposit number five in Bailadila hills in Dantewada district, considered the Maoist hotbed of Bastar. The rebels took advantage of the morning fog and fired several rounds, targeting the CISF personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17093971", "title": "100 tribes to take part in varsity festival", "text": "RANCHI: Central University of Jharkhand (CUJ) is gearing up to host the big tribal fair in the state from Thursday in which more than 100 tribes from different parts of the country are likely to participate.Through the 'Akhra Tribal Festival', the university is trying to bring together the cultures of various tribes on one platform. B P Sinha, head of the department of student welfare, said, \"The programme is being organized in two categories, academics and festivity, so that both the aspects of tribal culture are brought to the forefront.\"Tribes from neighbouring countries like Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh are also coming to make their presence felt. Literary scholar from Bangladesh, N A Khan, would participate in the academic session in the first half on the first day. Sinha said vice-chancellor of the university D T Khating took the initiative to organize a tribal fair so that along with the students of the university people in general also get a chance to know and learn about the various tribes in India. While Jharkhand is home to around 30 different tribes and 12 primitive tribe groups the fair would also have tribes from South Indian states like Kerala, Karnataka and northeastern states like Mizoram, Manipur and Nagaland.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094557", "title": "Protesting Eflu students demand immediate polls", "text": "HYDERABAD: Students of English and Foreign Languages University (Eflu) on Sunday staged a protest on the campus following the decision of university authorities to postpone student body elections. The protesting students said that university administration should not succumb to pressures from undemocratic parties which are opposing gender and caste reservation in student's union.The administration on November 2 had postponed the elections as some of the parties had opposed the move to reserve two seats for women candidates belonging to SC/ST/OBC communities and general category. Student outfits opposing reservations had stated that reservation of posts will take away healthy competition between candidates. The notification brought out by the administration on November 2 after negotiations with a wide section of students had stated that president post will be reserved for SC/ST/OBC woman participant and sports secretary will be reserved for any woman participant irrespective of which category she belongs to. This provision was made with a long term view that the reservations will rotate across different seats in the students' council on an annual basis. \"The historic decision now hangs in a precarious balance with the indefinite postponement of the elections. This revolutionary achievement for the sake of democracy and inclusion stands to be lost,\" said a statement of the Committee for Gender and Caste Equality in the Students' Council Elections, 2012-13, which was set up to lobby for reservation in student union body.The protesting students demanded that the process for conducting student council elections, 2012-13 should be reinitiated. \"The president post, 2012-13 should be reserved for an SC/ST/OBC woman candidate and the sports secretary post should be reserved for women, irrespective of which category they belong to,\" a press statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17092976", "title": "Sena slams Rahul over Kargil remark", "text": "MUMBAI: Shiv Sena slammed AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi on Sunday for his remark that though Congress had backed the BJP-led NDA government during the Kargil war, the Opposition was not supporting FDI in retail. Gandhi was speaking at a Congress rally in Delhi on Sunday.\"If Rahul does not understand the difference between Kargil and FDI, he has no right to be in politics,\" Shiv Sena spokesperson Sanjay Raut said.\"Rahul is not only bachcha (novice) in politics but also kachcha (immature),\" he said.\"Kargil was a war inflicted on the country by Pakistan. It was the duty of all to sink political differences and be united against enemy aggression. Congress did not do a favour by supporting the then government. Had Congress been in power during that time, the NDA would have also supported the government,\" Raut said.Raut further said that Rahul's \"friends\" like Walmart were eager to enter Indian markets for their benefit.\"The NDA will not allow this to happen and will continue to oppose FDI in retail,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095704", "title": "Rogue cabbie dupes passenger", "text": "KOLKATA: Less than a month ago - on October 7 - a taxi driver had duped a homemaker, claiming the two Rs 500 notes that she had paid him with were actually Rs 50 notes. On October 29, another driver fleeced his passenger, this time a young lecturer, playing a trick that had uncanny similarities with the previous incident.If the modus operandi in both the cases was same, so was the link that helped cops nab the offenders. Just like the October 7 case, police tracked the registration number of the taxi on which the complainant was travelling on October 27 and arrested the driver late on Saturday night.Last Monday (October 29), Abhijit Dey, a teacher of Presidency College, boarded the taxi from Science City with his wife and son to reach his Garia-Kamalgaji residence. It was around 6pm and it was dark. Soon after crossing the Ruby intersection, the cabbie stopped the vehicle at a deserted place on EM Bypass. He faked a snag and told Dey that the vehicle won't move further. The meter at that time read Rs 130.\"I can still remember that I had paid him with a Rs 100 note,\" Dey told police. The cabbie, however, claimed that Dey had given him a Rs 50 note. Initially, Dey was confused as the place was dark. He then gave him another Rs 500 note, but the cabbie allegedly played the same trick.By then, Dey was convinced that something was wrong and as he protested, an altercation broke out. But the cabbie suddenly drove away leaving behind Dey and his family. When Dey realized that he was duped, he went straight to Kasba police station and reported the incident along with the registration number of the taxi.A similar incident had happened with private firm employee Alpana Pal on October 7. A resident of Behala Chowrasta, Pal boarded a taxi from Science city with her two kids Rishav and Rohan. There were two men in driver's uniform inside the taxi, one was on the wheels and another sitting beside him. As the Park Circus connector was clogged, the cab took EM Bypass and near Bosepukur, it stopped. The driver complained of some mechanical fault and asked Alpana to get down. She gave the taxi driver a Rs 500 note, but the driver told her that she paid him Rs 50. Pal again gave him a Rs 500, but the cabbie once again claimed it was a Rs 50 note. When Pal tried to protest, she was threatened. Later, on October 10, police traced the accused cabbie Mohammad Sarfaraz, a Topsia resident.On October 29, cops swung into action after Dey provided them with the registration number of the taxi. They tracked down the owner of the cab at Beniapukur Lane and then its driver Santosh Jha alias Pandit, who was arrested on Saturday. The accused driver stays in a rented house in Sonarpur. He has been booked for cheating.\"We have told different taxi unions to inquire about the matter. We also sought their help to stop the menace,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17094045", "title": "Youth killed in motorcycle collision", "text": "PONDA: Sharnappa Hanchgini, 27, a resident of Bethora in Ponda was killed in a head-on collision with another bike on Nirankal Road on late Sunday evening.Police sources said that the accident occurred when the two motorcycles coming from opposite directions collided at around 7.30pm. Hanchgini sustained severe head injuries and was rushed to the Ponda community health center but died on the way. The doctors at the health centre declared him brought dead.The body has been preserved in the mortuary of the Goa Medical College (GMC) and Hospital at Bambolim for an autopsy to be conducted on Monday. The other motorcyclist Nazir Ahmad Hangi was detained by the police.An offence was being registered by Ponda on late Sunday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098340", "title": "Today's youth don't know when World War I happened", "text": "Nearly two-thirds of young people could not say that the First World War ended in 1918, a new survey has revealed.The poll results, released in the run up to Remembrance Day, discovered 54 per cent of the same age range, 16-24, also did not know the war began in 1914, the Daily Mail reported.More surprisingly 12 per cent of young people thought that the battle of Waterloo, fought in 1815 as part of the Napoleonic Wars, was part of the Great War.And only 48 percent teens visit their local war memorial while 59 per cent of respondents across all ages had done so.Although the survey arranged by British Future showed up how ignorant the nation's youth is of history, they are not alone.When asked by YouGov, members of the public hazarded guesses as wildly out as 1800 and 1950 for the start of the Great War, and 1910 and 1960 for the end date.One in three of the public could not name the year that the war started. The best informed age group were the over 60s.\"We've found that it's not just kids, but their parents too, who don't know some of the basic facts about World War I , about the thousands of troops from Kenya and India who fought for Britain, and even the year the war started,\" the paper quoted Sunder Katwala, director of British Future, as saying.The poll also found that 12 percent of 16 and 17 years olds thought that under 10,000 British and Commonwealth military personnel died during the First World War, far less than the 20,000 British deaths on just the first day of the Battle of the Somme.Overall two thirds of the public said they did not know roughly how many British and Commonwealth troops died in the Second World War.About 1.1 million British and Commonwealth troops died in the war. British and Commonwealth forces were calculated to have lost 419,654 at the Somme.The poll was undertaken online in late October and sampled 2,998 people in Great Britain .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095373", "title": "Hubli, Dharwad strive to end garbage mess", "text": "HUBLI: The twin cities on Sunday took a giant leap towards scientific waste segregation by adopting the European model. Chief minister Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the pilot project at Hubli's Sawai Gandharva Hall and said it will be extended to all the wards if it's found successful. Ward 34 Vidyanagar has been chosen for the pilot.Under this model, residents are given two bins for dry and wet waste, and an advanced truck-mounted garbage compactor collects garbage once a week from the house and dumps it in a yard. This model is successfully practised in Petersburg, England.Shettar praised HDMC officials for visiting big cities to study waste management technology and adopting the best practices here. The CM advised corporations to adopt technology and manage the waste efficiently. He asked people to cooperate with the authorities in waste segregation as the primary responsibility rests with them. \"We are finding a permanent solution to end the garbage problem in Bangalore. We're contemplating allowing private companies to manage solid waste management to turn garbage into compost and generate power,\" he said. The governmentwas giving priority to meet the city's demands on flyovers, ring roads and 24x7 water supply scheme to all wards, he said.MP Prahlad Joshi, housing minister V Somanna, water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai and mayor Pandurang Patil were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094009", "title": "Goa Mining Peoples' Front objects to 10 km buffer zone", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Mining Peoples' Front (GMPF) has strongly objected to the stand taken by the Union ministry for environment and forest (MoEF) to seek for a buffer zone of 10 km from the protected reserve forest, wildlife sanctuaries and eco-sensitive zone before the Supreme Court of India in the hearing held on November 2, 2011.General secretary of AITUC, Christopher Fonseca in a press release, stated that a case study done reveals that if a one km buffer zone is demarcated, 13 mining leases will have to be closed down, whereas if a two km buffer zone is demarcated it will have an effect on 52 mining leases and with a 10km buffer zone, almost all major mines in Goa will have to be closed down and this is not in the interest of this state and its people.'GMPF is of the firm opinion that the buffer zone has to be demarcated for the state of Goa considering its total geographical area by maintaining the fine balance between the environment and economic development protecting the livelihood of lakhs of people who are presently dependent on mining-related activities,' the press release stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093231", "title": "Days to get colder as moisture goes", "text": "BHOPAL: As the moisture clears in atmosphere in the state, winter is all set to intensify in the coming days. The day time temperature has started going down indicating that the cold days are ahead, the weatherman said.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle said except some places in east MP, the effect of cyclone 'Nilam' has subsided due to which the moisture has cleared from the air and temperature has started going down. On Sunday, the day- temperature went down in all the four big cities of the state.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 28.7 (-1) degrees Celsius and the minimum remained at 14.6 (-1) degrees C. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 28.3 (-2) degrees C against a minimum of 14.0 (00) degrees C.The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 30.3 (-2) degrees C whereas the minimum stood at 12.7 (-2) degrees C. The maximum and minimum temperature in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 27.0 (-3) 19.4 (+5) degrees C.The weatherman said similar dry conditions are expected to prevail in the state on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093207", "title": "2 more arrested for robbery attempt", "text": "PUNE: Two more men were arrested on Saturday for trying to rob a courier firm employee of Rs 20 lakh in a bus on Sinhagad Road on Friday.One of them, Ganesh Bobade (26), of Phaltan in Satara district, worked with the courier firm employee, Kiran Bobade. The other man arrested, Tukaram Darekar (29), of Shirur, along with one Pramod Bhoite (35), had tried to snatch the bag containing the cash from Kiran in the bus. While Bhoite was nabbed soon after the incident, Darekar had managed to sescape.Ganesh and Darekar were arrested by a police team led by senior inspector Vijaysinh Gaikwad of the Dattawadi police station.On Friday, Bhoite's brother-in-law Dhananjay Nimbalkar (30) had also been arrested for his involvement in the plot.Under interrogation, Bhoite and Nimbalkar revealed the involvement of Ganesh and Darekar in the robbery attempt. Ganesh had told Darekar and Bhoite that Kiran was carrying the cash from Pune to Mumbai. Darekar and Bhoite took the same bus while Nimbalkar followed on his motorcycle.When the bus reached Sinhagad Road, Darekar and Bhoite tried to snatch the bag from Kiran. When Kiran raised an alarm, the suspects told the conductor that they were policemen and that Kiran was a thief. The duo forced the conductor to stop the bus and got down with Bobade. However, two passersby and personnel from the Dattawadi police station nabbed Bhoite after a chase and recovered the cash.Darekar and Ganesh were produced in the court on Sunday and remanded in police custody for a day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097804", "title": "Composer Pyarelal returns to composition after 14 years", "text": "Barring one song in Farah Khan's Om Shanti Om, the legendary composer Pyarelal, one-half of the sensational duo which ruled the Bollywood charts from the mid-1960s to the end of the 1980s eclipsing all other competing composers from Shankar-Jaikishan to R D Burman, has been staying away from the limelight.. and not for the want of choice.Now after 14 years Pyarelal has returned composing music for an album called Awaaz Dil Se. Elaborating on his return the composing genius says, \"Eros International signed me five years ago. But nothing happened. Now finally this talented singer Pankaj Chaturvedi wanted me to compose songs for him. I agreed. I haven't tried to keep up with the times in this album. I've done what my heart wished. Sameer Anjaan who is a lovely human being has written the lyrics. I've recorded 5 songs for Pankaj where I've used 160 chorus singers. In two of mine and Laxmi's best-known songs Ek pyar ka naghma hai (from the film Shor ) and Main shayar to nahin ( Bobby )I've eliminated all instrumentation and used chorus like an orchestra. Pankaj has sung the number.\"Opening up in a rare tete-a-tete the 72-year old composing maestro says, \"I am not going anywhere I am right here. The entertainment industry has changed. I haven't. The film music today is not quite what my partner Laxmikant and I had envisaged when we worked together. Laxmi left us 16 years ago. Together we composed music from Parasmani in 1963 to his death in 1998.\"Thereafter Pyarelal went into voluntary exile. \"It's not as if there were no offers during the past 14 years. There were. But none worth doing.Just the other day an assistant of Manmohan Desai (with whom Laxmikant and I worked extensively) called to ask if I'd do the background music in his film. You tell me, should I do just background music? My wife says I should. She just doesn't get it.\"Reminiscing about his illustrious journey Pyarelal says, \"I started my journey in 1952 as a violinist, then I became an assistant arrange ... and made my way gradually. My partner Laxmikant and I got a chance to work with some great composers like Kalyanji-Anandji . Laxmi and I assisted him in Chalia which was Manmohan Desai's first film, and then when Kalyanji-Anandjibhai were doing Himalay Ki God Mein we begged off pleading we had to do our own music in Dosti . Then we just kept working and working for 35 uninterrupted years. After Laxmi passed away I needed a break.\"Pyarelal a first-rate violinist, has also learnt Hindustani classic music. He was trained in the symphonic style of Western music. Pyarelal shares the secret of why he kept away from composition for 14 years. \"It was a great innings for me with Laxmiji. After his death in 1998, I stopped composing because we had made a pact that if something happened to either of us neither would do sub-standard work and thereby lower the standards we had set for ourselves as a duo.\"After Laxmikant's demise the industry was uncertain of Pyarelal's intentions. \"They were hesitant about whether to approach me. Though I continued to be associated with our old friends like Lataji, Amitabh Bachchanji, Yash Chopraji and Subhash Ghaiji a major section of the industry thought I was going to give up active composition after my partner's death. In this atmosphere of uncertainty I withdrew for a while.\"Pyarelal did emerge for one brief endeavour. A song in Farah Khan's Om Shanti Om which he says was not a pleasant experience. \"I kept quiet about it because there was no point in raising an issue. As it is I've the reputation of being ill-tempered. And then Jesus Christ said, 'Forgive them, for they know not what they do.' But the fact of the matter is, when they came to me for the song I asked them, 'Why the names of Laxmikant-Pyarelal and Vishal-Shekhar together? But Farah Khanji convinced me. She was persuasive and very decent. She wanted a 1970-80s styled song for me. I accepted on my own terms and conditions. We recorded the song and then its mixing was not coming out right. So I went and did the track's mixing also. Farah thanked me profusely. Finally they didn't credit me properly. Anyway, let it be. This incident really put me off any further association with the film industry. But my consolation is, fans of Laxmikant-Pyarelal liked the song although I know I shouldn't have done it. On the positive side, I was invited to China to compose music after Om Shanti Om. I composed two symphonies.\"Adds Pyarelal, \"I am happy to say 'Laxmikant-Pyarelal' are still a brand to reckon with. I still feel Laxmiji is with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093635", "title": "Too busy for dinner diplomacy, Mr CM?", "text": "Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan is having a tough time sticking to his schedule. The super-busy Chavan turned up late at a recent dinner hosted by Governor K Sankaranarayanan in honour of Lok Sabha speaker Meira Kumar . Fifteen minutes after the scheduled time, when there were no sign of Chavan, cabinet members present at the venue started calling up the CM's personal staff to enquire about his whereabouts. They were told that Chavan would be reaching in a few minutes. There was an uneasy calm at Raj Bhavan as it was embarrassing to keep the LS speaker waiting for such a long time. Ultimately, Chavan reached 45 minutes late and apologized for the delay. This was not for the first time that Chavan has kept the governor waiting. In the past, too, Sankaranarayanan had to wait for three hours for the CMto reach Raj Bhavan to hand over the keys of flats to lower rank officials. If a senior cabinet member is to be believed, then of late, Chavan has not been able to maintain his schedule, causing much inconvenience.No value for whistleblower?A month ago, when whistleblower chief engineer Vijay Pandhare submitted his application for voluntary retirement, his colleagues in the scam-rocked water resources department were expecting that chief minister Prithviraj Chavan will appeal to him to reconsider his decision. Whenever an IAS officer quits, the chief minister personally interacts with him, and appeals to him to reconsider his decision. A month ago, when principal secretary Subrat Ratho quit, Chavan urged him to reconsider his decision and assured him that he would be accommodated in the industries department. Same was the case with Mhada Mumbai board chief executive officer Satish Bhide and housing secretary Gautam Chaterjee. Ratho and Bhide did not respond to CM's appeal, while Chaterjee agreed to withdraw his resignation and now he is on a central deputation post. All efforts are made to retain the IAS officer, since they belong to the IAS (I agree sir) league, but that is not the case with technocrats like Pandhare. A decade after putting in dedicated service in the water resources department, Pandhare realized that all was not well with the department and all along, it was his confirmed opinion that there was a nexus between politicians and high-ranking engineers. Despite several confidential reports on the rampant corruption in the water resources department at all levels, when there was no response, Pandhare knocked on Chavan's door. Even then, when the CM's office did not take note, he submitted his critical report to governor K Sankaranarayanan, who promptly asked the CM to probe the allegations. More shocking was the fact that besides the water resources department, even the finance and planning departments, which are expected to scrutinize each and every proposal, did not act on Pandhare's observations. Says a senior Congress minister, in fact in view of Pandhare's landmark work, the CM should not only reject his VRS application, but should set up a panel to present a white paper on irrigation to expose the NCP.Sorry state of affairsThe critical observations of the commissioner appointed by the apex court have completely exposed the state of affairs in the women and child development department, led by the Congress' Varsha Gaikwad. More shocking was the fact that not only senior bureaucrats in the department, but even the CM was informed as to how a few families have hijacked the Rs 500 crore scheme that is meant for poor children, pregnant and lactating women. A cursory glance over the manner in which the women and child welfare department awarded the contracts to the three firms leads one to the conclusion that there was dereliction of duty at all levels. No doubt the guidelines prescribed by the SC were followed while allotting tenders, but the department failed to check if the guidelines are being implemented in the letter and spirit and if the three firms, which bagged the contracts, have the capacity to provide prescribed food items.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093863", "title": "Basic flaws in education department's website", "text": "LUCKNOW: Suspended about a month back for allegedly molesting a co-passenger on Rajdhani Express, Indian Administrative Services officer Shashi Bhushan Sushil is still a special secretary in basic education department.A website is primarily meant to give updated information and not mislead people. But in the case of basic education department's website it is quite the opposite. In fact, the department's website has many such things that will coax one to cross check information with a top-level official.Sample this. IAS Shashi Bushan Lal Sushil suspended by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on charges of eve-teasing and molestation on October 1 continues to be special secretary, basic education. It seems the basic education department duly considers Shashi Bhushan as its official. Special secretary Ram Vishal Mishra who was appointed in place of Shashi Bhushan finds no mention on the site.Though the literacy rate in Uttar Pradesh has shot up to 70%, the department shows the old figure, 56.30%. According to the 2011 census, the literacy rate in the state is 69.72%. The literacy rate of females is 59.62%, of males 79.24%, but the website shows old figures 68.80% for males and 42.20% for females.Population of UP has crossed the 19.96-crore mark, but basic education data has made it linger at 16.60 crore. The website is disseminating wrong information like there are 70 districts in UP, when actually the number is 75 districts. Besides, no government order (GO) has been updated after August 29.The website shows old statistics of the total number of state board schools and total enrolment of students, as it was in 2006-07. The department had distributed free books to more than 2.38 crore students of classes I-VIII in 2006-07 and the figure has not been updated. Other flaws include name of an official Avadh Naresh Sharma at two places making him joint director as well as additional director, basic education.On the website being not up to date, a primary school teacher said, \"It reflects the laxity of the officials. The information is not only misleading but also shows how indifferent the education department officials are.''Basic education director Vasudev Yadav was unavailable for comment on the erroneous information on the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098295", "title": "Drift - testing spectrum of emotions", "text": "It was a performance that 'pushed the dancers to their physical limits'. It was an evening that tested the audience's spectrum of emotions. Choreographed by James Wilton, the first performance by the Scottish Dance Theatre, Drift, a duet, set the mood for what was to follow.Friday evening belonged to the stage, the real playground of movements, feelings, colours and textures. They were tangible and very real and moved some members of the audience to tears.Overwhelming was not just the state of the heart but also of the hall that was packed to the brim. Drift was followed by Dog, a piece that hovered between riotous celebrations and uncertain calm. Choreographed by Hofesh Shechter, Dog was, in his words, honest and raw, witty and sophisticated. However, it was Luxuria that stole hearts. There were gasps of amazement when the girls, dressed in stiff hoop skirts, broke barriers of physical endurance and moved as freely on the stage as though wearing nothing at all. Visually arresting, cinematic and set to haunting classical music by artists like Tsabropoulos, Richter, and Pinto, Luxuria is choreographer Liv Lorent's awardwinning piece and explored the theme of the search for fulfilment. Shocked and unsettled \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is that how non-textual dance performances leave you feeling? Sally Owens, Assistant Director of Scottish Dance Theatre, explained, \"People who are more used to classical dance forms may find the lack of narrative a little unnerving. But in contemporary dance, since its a repertory form, there are other elements \u00e2\u20ac\u201d colours, textures and emotions \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be explored. Light, for instance, forms not just a narrative for contemoporary dance but often the costume.\" As one reads this, Sally and her group would be back in rainy Scotland. Kolkata was the last leg of their tour. \"Chennai was our first stop. When we boarded the plane in Scotland , it was pouring. I guess we brought the rain with us, first to Chennai and now, to Kolkata,\" said Sally before she parted. \"If you have an opened body and mind, you'll see it's not really tough to understand the lack of a narrative structure. You'll find the missing pieces,\" she added. Aye to that!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093892", "title": "SSC exam conducted", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A large number of aspirants appeared for written examination conducted by Staff Selection Commission (SSC) here on Sunday for selection in different services of government of India. Elaborate arrangements were made in schools where aspirants started assembling since morning to appear for the examination conducted from 9.30 to 11.30 in the first session.The second session was conducted from 2 pm to 4 pm. Adequate police force and teaching and non-teaching staff was posted at schools which had been set up as examination centres by SSC for the examination conducted for recruitment to various Group B and D posts. Roads outside schools which had been set up as examination centres were crowded and traffic came to a standstill.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093865", "title": "CIC to seek political parties\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 assets details from I-T dept", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CIC will seek a report from income tax department and directorate of estate regarding tax exemptions claimed by political parties and their assets to ascertain whether there is enough indirect funding from the government to bring them under the ambit of RTI Act.The CIC is considering the case whether political parties, which receive benefits from the government in the form of subsidised buildings for offices, free air-time and various tax exemption come under the RTI Act.According to section 2(h) of RTI Act, NGOs substantially financed , directly or indirectly by funds provided by the appropriate government are liable to reply to queries sent under the transparency law.CIC sources said they had received representation from the Association of Democratic Reforms (ADR) giving break-up of tax exemptions claimed by the donors of political parties and by political parties themselves.They said a missive is likely to be sent on Monday to the income tax department, directorate of estate and respondent political parties \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Congress, BJP, BSP, CPI, CPM and NCP \u00e2\u20ac\u201d seeking details of tax exemptions and buildings allotted to them on cheaper rents.When contacted, chief information commissioner Satyananda Mishra said the need for such a move was felt to ascertain the extent of direct or indirect funding by the government which would enable the commission to take a view on including political parties under RTI Act.The sources said ADR, which is one of the appellant in the case, had submitted the details of I-T exemption received by the political parties and the Commission wants to verify the interpretations given by ADR on the exemption data.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093239", "title": "'Emerging cities face severe challenges'", "text": "PUNE: Vijay Kelkar, chairman of the high-level regional imbalance review committee said urbanization, sanitation and garbage are some of the challenges emerging before cities such as Pune. These challenges were not so severe earlier, he said.The 14-member committee headed by Vijay Kelkar was on a visit to Pune on November 3 and 4. The committee members held a meeting with elected representatives and government officials from Pune division.The Kelkar committee has been appointed by the state to prepare a report about the regional imbalance in the stateand hear the expectations of various stake holders. The committee will submit the report by March 31, 2013, which is likely to influence the state's policies.The committee has six sub-groups covering various aspects such as health, education, infrastructure and water,etc.Speaking to reporters, Kelkar said, \"The committee noticed that while these cities like Pune faces issues of garbage, sanitation and little treatment of sewage, . On the other hand, a single sector such as the information technology generates job opportunity for two lakh professionals. A single sector contributing to employment generation is strickening. The same city also reported low sex ratio, when some tribal communities in the division have much higher sex ratio.\" The committee is working on these issues collectively, he said.Urbanization has changed the demography of the city as well. What the city was known for has now changed due to migration. The re have been some committeesearlier panels which gave reports on regional imbalance, but did not cover the new challenges such as demographic changes, sanitation and industrialization were not covered in those reports, Kelkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094880", "title": "Life\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s lessons unfold on stage", "text": "All the world's a stage, more so in some schools where theatre has become an integral part of the learning process for students.Drama in its various forms is not only building confident, creative students in different schools, but is also breaking the monotony of the chalkand-board mode to make learning more interesting and fun. Want to understand how a leaf develops? At Gear Innovative School, kids would probably be taught this with the use of kinesics, with music. Says teacher Geeta Kudtharkar, \"Theatre as a teaching method is very effective. Students grasp and remember things more easily . They enjoy activities that involve something different.\"From Class I to X, the school uses theatre as a teaching tool for all subjects. It is left to the teacher's discretion to decide which lessons are best suited for this technique. Teachers have undergone training under the guidance of experts and attend workshops to upgrade their skill.Theatre is not a recent phenomenon at Presidency School , RT Nagar, which has incorporated it in the classroom to teach languages, social sciences and environmental education . Says Kalpana Basu, a teacher at the school, \"Drama acts as a great facilitator between the teacher and the taught as an interactive exercise . It has the element of improvisation and spontaneity, hence more creativity. Thematic lessons in elementary grades leave an indelible memory on young minds.\"At Carmel School, the aim is to transact part of the curriculum through the means of drama. Literature, languages, environment studies, social sciences can be easily interpreted through drama as a medium, helping students connect to the world of academics in a holistic manner. Says Harshitha S Rathod of Class IV, \"Through theatre, we understand our lessons better. I love the mime class.\"Theatre has also come to stay as a powerful tool for sensitizing students to on issues. \"Theatre forms an integral part of the academic and nonacademic curriculum in NPS, Koramangala. It is used to spread awareness and sensitize students to social issues. Topics like peer pressure, drug abuse and attitude towards the handicapped have been dealt with in an effective and creative manner through plays in class assemblies and general studies classes,\" says the principal.At all these schools, issues like waste disposal, citizens' rights, honesty and responsibility have been dealt with through role-play , mime, puppetry or tableaus. Interestingly, in the higher classes, almost everything is handled entirely by the students - right from creating scripts to preparing costumes and looking after preparations backstage. This helps them get rid of their inhibitions and express themselves better.A happy spinoff, of course, is the trophies they bring back from theatre competitions.Time to get the paint on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17094273", "title": "Clear doubts on power-sharing pact with JMM, Marandi tells BJP", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Jharkhand Vikas Morcha-Prajatantrik (JVM-P) president, Babulal Marandi , has asked the ruling BJP to clarify the power-sharing pact with its principal coalition partner, the JMM .Marandi's statement comes in the wake of JMM chief Shibu Soren's repeated claims of rotation of power once the incumbent chief minister Arjun Munda completes 28 months in office.\"If at all the JMM and the BJP had entered into power-sharing pact in the run-up to the formation of the present government, it is for the BJP, in particular, to clear the doubts,\" said Marandi here on Sunday.He, however, added that the present dispensation in the state would not last long. \"The present government is borne out of opportunistic alliance and, therefore, will not complete its full term,\" said MarandiAccusing the Munda government of indulging in corrupt practices to stay in power, the JVM leader said that the people of Jharkhand are wise enough to understand the vested interests of the present government.\"The loot culture of the government has left the state poorer in all respects. While the ministers are busy emptying the state coffers and getting richer by the day, the poor are getting poorer,\" said Marandi addressing the party workers of Jugsalai Assembly constituency on Saturday evening.The former CM also accused Munda of pressurizing the local corporate houses to stop funding the welfare schemes being pursued by the JVM-P Lok Sabha member, Ajay Kumar in the constituency.Din at MGM HospitalThe atmosphere at the government-run Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Hospital turned ugly on Sunday when Marandi and local MP, Ajay Kumar visited the campus to inaugurate the tin shade built with MP local area development funds.The trumpets and loudspeakers set up at the venue were blaring out in violation of the silent zone guidelines, causing a lot of disturbance to the patients in the hospital. \"Permission for playing loud speakers in the silent zone wasn't taken from the hospital,\" said hospital superintendent, S S Prasad. The tin shade, a seating arrangement for the visitors, is built at a cost of Rs 1.20lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17097761", "title": "US polls: Indian-American candidates look to create history", "text": "WASHINGTON: Six Indian-Americans are in the race for a seat in the US House of Representatives, with the latest polls and mainstream media saying that three of them have bright chances of winning.Elections will be held for all 435 seats, representing the 50 US states on November 6. The winners of this election cycle will serve in the 113th United States Congress.Dr Ami Bera, the Democratic Party candidate from California's seventh Congressional District, is said to have the best chances to win the Congressional elections.This week, the Washington Post put his seat on a \"Lean Democrat\" status, meaning that he is closer to victory than ever before.The independent Center for Politics at the University of Virginia had made a similar determination last week.The New York Times, Roll Coll and Real Clear Politics have determined his seat as \"Toss Up\" meaning that it is a closely contested seat.Pitted against incumbent Republican Dan Lungren , Bera has outraised his opponent. He raised more than USD 3 million as against Lungren's USD 2.3 million.The race for 7th Congressional District seat is one of the most costly campaigns in the nation, the CBS news reported.So far only two Indian-Americans have been elected to the US Congress. Dalip Singh Saund was the first Indian-American elected to the House of Representatives in 1950s, while Bobby Jindal , now the Louisiana Governor, was the second one.Bera is followed by Republican young gun Ricky Gill, in the neighbouring California's ninth Congressional District.Gill who barely managed to turn 25 to file his nomination papers is trying to unseat three-term incumbent Democrat Jerry McNerney. He too has outraised his opponent by around half a million dollars.Roll Coll, Cook Political and Real Clear Politics have declared Gill's seat as a \"Toss Up\", while according to The New York Times, The Washington Post and Center for Politics, the Ninth Congressional District of California is \"leaned\" towards his Democratic opponent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17087192", "title": "Ekta, Shilpa, Ameesha to host Diwali card parties", "text": "It's that time of the year when Bollywood dress designers are at their busiest. It is also the time of the year when the superstars' social calendar is at its most hectic.The card parties that are the lifeline during Diwali will happen in the homes of Ameesha Patel, Ekta Kapoor and Shilpa and Raj Kundra . Ekta is clear her party will start around midnight and end only post breakfast.Ameesha's invitation says, \"Since Diwali is usually spent with close friends and family, please feel free to bring some close friends with you. We, Kunal Goomer (her partner) and I, will be happy to host you.\"Shilpa and Raj's taash parties are always hit because it has everyone from the Bachchans to the Khans in attendance. \"This year the celebration is even bigger because the Kundras are happy that they have been blessed with a son,\" says a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "17093674", "title": "Five cases of rare disease reported in Wardha", "text": "WARDHA: Five cases of a rare disease, scrub typhus, have been reported in Wardha on Saturday.The symptoms of the disease include fever, headache, muscle pain, cough and gastrointestinal disturbances.In the weekly report by Sewagram Hospital to district health officer, it was revealed that five patients with scrub typhus positive were found in Arvi, Karanja tahsil. When contacted, DHO Mane said, \"We have immediately informed to all gram panchayats to maintain cleanliness of villages, through a letter by ZP CEO. We have also sent notices to all private hospitals and clinics of the district to report further cases. The administration, he said, is bracing to overcome the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095495", "title": "Joshua wins national two-wheeler championship", "text": "NASHIK: It was Pramod Joshua of the TVS team all the way in the 2012 edition of the Gulf Dirt Track national two-wheeler championship in the last and final round at the Chhatrapati Shivaji Stadium , Nashik. With a healthy lead of 10 points in the Foreign Motor Cycles Cup to 260 cc class races, he was assured of a national championship title. \"The track was such that everyone had a chance, hence I had to be extra cautious, but I was confident having won the earlier two rounds,\" he added. \"I had a mixed year when I was down with injury but I came back with a strategy. Therefore being called a national champ has its special flavor, \" he said and promised to come back again next year with renewed zeal and hopefully another title.Joshua claimed prize money of Rs 66,000. R Natraj bagged the private expert class title with a hefty 197 points in his kitty. His nearest rivals Asaf Ali and Suhail Anwar had 109 and 104 points respectively. But he failed to win the second race where Joshua edged him out. Mansingh Thakur finished first in the Nashik Class race, which was organized by Sportscraft, Mumbai in association with Nashik Automotive Racing Association. Five other races in the Novice class were also held to complete yet another successful year for the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094382", "title": "Girl puts hand in grinder, dies after suffering from shock", "text": "CHENNAI: An eight-year-old girl died after she suffered an electric shock when she tried to take flour out of wet dough from a grinder at her house in Kodungaiyur on Saturday. The accident took place when the machine was being operated by her mother.Abinaya who loved eating rice flour put her hand inside the grinder when she suffered an electric shock. Police suspect the machine may have had earthing problems, but no attempt had been made to correct the technical fault.Abinaya is the daughter of Suresh Kumar who is employed in a cardboard factory. Police said Abinaya, a Class 4 student of a private school in Kodungaiyur, was playing inside the house when she saw her mother putting rice in the grinder. When Abinaya's mother went to the kitchen, the girl rushed to the grinder and tried taking the wet flour out of the machine.Abinaya reportedly put her hand inside the grinder when it was in motion. She suffered an electric shock and was thrown to the ground. Hearing her cries, her mother rushed to the hall, where the grinder was kept, and found her unconscious.With the help of neighbours, the mother took the girl to Stanley hospital where she died without responding to treatment. Kodungaiyur police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17093318", "title": "'Kejriwal's supporter stayed rent-free in dak bangla'", "text": "KANPUR: Farrukhabad district Congress unit has ignited a fresh controversy. It has accused KK Dikshit, president of Rashtriya Viklang Party of not paying rent at dak bangla in Fatehgarh, where he stayed during his visit to the district to take part in Arvind Kejriwal's rally.It might be noted here that Dikshit had exposed irregularities in Zakir Hussain Memorial trust being run by Union minister Salman Khurshid and his wife Louise Khurshid.District Congress president Aftab Husain said: \"Rashtriya Viklang Party president KK Dikshit had not paid rent of the PWD suite, where he had checked in on October 30 with his supporters. He was staying in suite number 3 of the dak bangla in Fatehgarh and checked out on November 2 without paying rent.\" Husain also accused Dikshit and his supporters of stealing valuables from the dak bangla.A complaint in this regard has also been made to executive engineer of PWD by Dak Bangla employee Gopichand.Talking to TOI, Husain said that he is demanding an inquiry into the conduct of Rashtriya Viklang Party president. He said he had already apprised city magistrate Manoj Kumar regarding the issue and demanded to take action against Dikshit.\"On one hand Arvind Kejriwal campagins against corruption and on the other, his aides indulge into such cheap activities,\" he added.Dikshit said, \"Obviously, such reactions are natural and what else can we expect from Salman Khurshid's men after such a big rally against him and his party by IAC and RVP. Well, it's utter lie and I am ready for any probe.\"City magistrate Manoj Kumar said that he has instructed executive engineer of PWD to look into the matter and submit a report.On the CD issue, Lakshman Singh , local convener of IAC said, \"I will lodge a defamation case against Louise Khurshid, who is a project director of Dr Zakir Hussain Memorial Trust, over maligning my image by releasing a fake audio CD prior to the IAC rally.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "17096482", "title": "Pakistan NCA's biomechanics lab to be operational soon", "text": "LAHORE: The Pakistan Cricket Board has decided to activate its biomechanics laboratory at the National Cricket Academy here after the costly equipment remained unused and neglected for years.Pakistan's former Test captain and now NCA Director Intikhab Alam said the Governing Board had given approval for the project which once operational, would make Pakistan the first Asian cricket playing nation to have a full fledged biomechanics lab.\"The biomechanics laboratory will be made functional very soon since it is clear that in modern day cricket the use of technology and latest equipment is now becoming a necessity,\" Alam said.The PCB, during the tenure of Dr Nasim Ashraf as President, had in 2008 purchased the costly equipment for the biomechanics lab at a cost of around Rs 45 million.But once the equipment was imported it was not used for various reasons. Sources said one reason was that no Board head was willing to give approval for maintenance costs and funds to hire qualified professionals to run the biomechanics lab.A former Board official, who was in office when the equipment was brought to Lahore , admitted costly equipment had been badly neglected.\"It is a good thing that finally someone in the board has realised the importance of using this very modern equipment and in Pakistan cricket we have regular issues with bowling actions of bowlers and need this equipment to correct their actions at an early stage,\" the former official said.The equipment that was procured from the UK-based Vicon Motion Systems Limited includes Advanced Motion Capture Architecture and operates with 18 motion-capture cameras and six high-speed video cameras.Alam said the equipment could also be very useful for batsmen.He said that once the building is ready for the lab, experts from Vicon would install it and the project will be managed by a biomechanics expert, doctors, a mathematician, computer analysts and coaches.\"The PCB realises the scope of this equipment and how it can used in the development of our players. We know it can also help prevent injuries and used in rehabilitation processes,\" he added.Alam said the equipment was in good shape though the software needed some upgrading. Once operational, the PCB will be the only Board in Asia to own a biomechanics lab.Until now the PCB has incurred heavy costs on sending players with suspect bowling actions to Australia for tests and corrective measures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094440", "title": "Eyeing youth, Congress may keep half of conclave seats for under-40 leaders", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress will amplify its \"youth message\" by reserving half the seats in its much-awaited brainstorming session for leaders under 40 years.The party is likely to hold the \"chintan shivir\" in January, an exhaustive assessment of the party's ideological and governance positions that was announced by Congress chief Sonia Gandhi at the Burari meet in end-2010.The 'shivir' will be held after Rahul Gandhi's elevation as Congress No.2 is done and dusted with. With the party seeking to project the impending succession as a generational change, it is mulling the idea of reserving half the seats for leaders under 40.The party conclave includes senior leaders, ministers and invitees from state units and even outside experts, making it a jamboree of sorts. Sources said earmarking 50% seats for the young would send out a strong message to the youth constituency that the party is hoping to woo with Rahul's leadership.A party manager underlined that newly-appointed HRD minister Pallam Raju was spotted in the 2003 Shimla conclave.If the party does keep half of the shivir seats for under-40 leaders, there would be greater chance for young MLAs, MPs, leaders at block, district and state level, and those in Youth Congress and NSUI to interact at the top level. It is expected to kick off a ripple effect and create the kind of buzz that preceded Rahul's plunge into the 2009 campaign.According to party sources, the need for a policy huddle ahead of 2014 elections stems from the imperative of thrashing out policy and ideological positions afresh after the rustiness of eight years in power. Unlike conferences and rallies that are trumpets for party and government, 'chintan shivir' is seen as a sombre assessment of Congress's policy course.The 2003 shivir in Shimla decided that Congress was ready for coalitions, which let Sonia Gandhi stitch the alliances that ultimately helped it trump a rampaging BJP-led NDA. On the contrary, the 1998 Panchmarhi session followed the defeat at the hands of the Atal Bihari Vajpayee-powered BJP coalition and decided that it would not enter alliance politics.Congress will make \"youth\" its calling card under Rahul as PM candidate for 2014. While the failure of Rahul's campaign in UP raised doubts about his appeal as youth icon, strategists are confident that promoting young faces at every level will net GenNext voters.The elevation of young MPs in the Union Cabinet in the recent reshuffle is part of the 'youth\" plan and ticket allocation for Lok Sabha polls could follow similar route. Above all, the coming AICC reorganization elevating Rahul to No.2 position could bring more young leaders as secretaries and general secretaries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17097855", "title": "Smartphones increasing risk of unprotected sex among teens", "text": "WASHINGTON: Smartphone use increases the likelihood of being solicited for sex on the internet, and having sex with an internet-met partner among teens, according to new research from the University of Southern California .The research found that young people with smartphones are 1.5 times as likely to report being sexually active, almost two times as likely to have been approached online for sex, and more than twice as likely to engage in sex with an internet-met partner compared with those who do not access the internet on their cellphones.Additionally, those being solicited online for sex are also found to be engaging in unprotected sex. Five per cent of the participants reported using the internet to seek sex partners and 17 per cent of the participants reported being approached online for sex by someone they did not know.The researchers also found that compared with their heterosexual peers, non-heterosexual high school students were five times more likely to seek sex partners online.Overall, one-third of all participants use their cell phones to access the internet.These results are based on a 2011 survey distributed to high school students (n= 1,839) from the Los Angeles Unified School District and were controlled for independent factors, including age, race, gender and sexual orientation.\"We--parents, health educators, physicians--must recognize that cell phones are yet another new way for adolescents to meet sex partners,\" said Hailey Winetrobe, MPH, CHES, researcher at USC and an APHA Annual Meeting presenter.\"Parents and school health professionals should talk to their teens about being safe in meeting people online and in using condoms to prevent sexually transmitted infections and unplanned pregnancies,\" Winetrobe added.The researchers noted that the internet and smartphone apps represent prime venues for adolescent-targeted sexual health programs.They presented their finding at the American Public Health Association's 140th Annual Meeting in San Francisco , California.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17095281", "title": "Monty Panesar hails Pujara's patience", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Cheteshwar Pujara is not the kind who swear by slam bang batting. He likes to take responsibility, and it showed in his composed knock against England, at the DY Patil Stadium on Sunday.While many may look at his 184-ball 87 as mere tokenism before the Indian squad for the first Test is picked on Monday, for Pujara the warm-up game was as important as it was for the tourists from England.The Saurashtra batsman said he was happy to get a nice look at the England bowlers as he hadn't faced many of them before. \"I was really looking forward to this match and since I got some runs it will benefit me for sure. Honestly, I didn't face many of the England bowlers before. So, it was important that I got some practice before the Test series.\"I got an idea of the type of attacks they might have against me. But the intensity will be far higher during the Test series,\" Pujara said after the second day's play.The India No. 3 was reassuring about the solidity he brings to the squad as none of the England bowlers could bother him - be it James Anderson , Stuart Broad , Graham Onions or Monty Panesar , he played all with poise and grace.\"I felt comfortable against all the (England) bowlers. Since I scored the runs, I have learnt more than they possibly have by bowling to me. I don't like to throw away my wicket and that's my strength,\" he said.Panesar, who was second time lucky against Pujara after Anderson grassed the Mumbai 'A' batsman on 22, said even he struggled to keep him under leash.\"He (Pujara) sort of accumulates runs. He doesn't come after the attack. He has a huge amount of patience and gets into the groove slowly. We obviously made it difficult for him but he's a very patient cricketer,\" Panesar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17093245", "title": "140 Lankan refugees get job letters at fair", "text": "Trichy: As many as 140 Sri Lankan refugees from rehabilitation camps across 15 districts in Tamil Nadu got a new lease of life with jobs in the corporate sector here on Sunday. They received offer letters at an exclusive job fair conducted in Trichy, for the first time in Tamil Nadu.The job fair was aimed at improving the lives of Sri Lankan Tamils who took refuge in India in the past two decades. It was organised by some non-governmental organisations (NGOs) with support from the commissioner of Rehabilitation and Welfare of Non-Resident Tamils K Dheenabhandhu. Normally, the large number of Sri Lankan refugees in 111 camps across the state work as daily wages coolies for survival. Some of them in Trichy were successful in the money lending business in Trichy and some areas of the state. However, the younger generation of refugees could not find jobs in private companies even though they were educated. In the process, many students even lost their chance to hone their skills.It was observed that the companies were hesitating to recruit them for various reasons. At this juncture, the NGOs were involved in sensitising the companies to give the refugees opportunities to improve their lifestyle. Likewise, youngsters in the refugee camps were also given a sensitisation programme for the past six months about the job fair.\"I was working as a designer in a photo studio after completing my 12 standard. The big companies in Chennai did not recruit our people due to problems in work permit. At the same time, there are very big concerns in our area. This job fair will give me a new life,\" said 26-year-old Jaya Ruban from Kaliyakavilai camp.The job fair elicited a very good response from Sri Lankan refugees. The aspirants had educational qualifications ranging from 10th standard-qualified to engineering degrees. Around 400 participants including 137 female aspirants from Trichy, Madurai, Sivaganga, Dindigul, Karur, Perambalur, Cuddalore, Villupuram, Tiruvannamalai, Dharmapuri, Erode and Tirupur districts participated. Likewise, 11 companies from different sectors such retail, hospitality, textile and information technology recruited the students.After distributing job offer letters to a group of aspirants, Deenabandhu addressed the aspirants saying the government would conduct more and more such job fairs in future. The students from refugee camps should improve their communication skills besides their educational qualifications, he added.He also advised them to impress society with their talent and be law-abiding.District collector Jayashree Muralidharan also addressed the aspirants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093857", "title": "Purti Group starts sugarcane procurement", "text": "NAGPUR: Promoted by BJP president Nitin Gadkari, the Purti Group, which has been facing the heat due to allegations over its source of capital, has started procurement of sugarcane.The move has come as a major relief to sugarcane cultivators of the region. They were banking on the company to sell their produce.Given the present scenario, there were doubts that the company may not be able to get finance from banks to meet its liability towards farmers. Purti is the only sugar factory in east Vidarbha.\"The company has lined up short term finance to the tune of Rs 122 crore to meet its working capital requirements,\" said Purti's managing director Sudhir Dive. Another Rs 30 crore will raised through internal sources, he added. So far, around 150 tonnes have been procured. Crushing will begin in a few days, said Dive.The lenders include Buldhana Urban Cooperative Society, Bank of Maharashtra, Andhra Bank and Bank of India.This year the company plans to crush 8 lakh tonnes of sugarcane. The figure is double compared to the last year and eight times more than the year before.Sugarcane growing had come down to negligible levels after the other sugar factories run on cooperative basis had shut down around a decade ago.The region had 22 sugar factories mainly having politicians from the Congress and the NCP at the helm. The factories shut down after suffering huge losses.Purti claims it has helped in reviving sugarcane cultivation in the region. The crop is recommended over cotton which experts say is linked to the agrarian crisis.Purti mainly caters to eastern Vidarbha which includes districts of Nagpur, Wardha, Bhandara, Gondia, Chandrapur and Gadchiroli.Even as the area under sugarcane cultivation is just 0.81% of the total agricultural land in these districts, this year its cultivation has seen a three fold rise. As against 4093 hectares under sugarcane in 2011-12, the area of cultivation has risen to 14450 in 2012-13.On the basis of satellite mapping, Purti is claiming a figure of 28,000 hectares. \"We offer Rs 1700-1900 a quintal to farmers as against the MSP of 1400. This is the price paid at the farmland and Purti has to incur an additional expenditure of Rs 600 a quintal to transport the cane to the factory,\" said Dive.The company has been able to sustain itself only because it has diversified into power and ethanol production using the baggase. Sugar alone is not a very profitable business as government controls its sale through a quota system. Power is generated through the same boiler which makes steam to produce sugar. This year the plant will generate around 18 MW of power and make 45,000 litres of ethanol.The group has three companies in the sugar business including Purti Power and Sugar Limited (PPSL), Mahatma Sugar and Wainganga Sugar formed from cooperatives taken over by the company. PPSL has an operating profit of Rs 2 crore and net losses owing to provisioning for depreciation. Mahatma and Wainganga have booked net profits of Rs 3 and 8 lakh respectively. Its total long-term debts stand at Rs 256 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095348", "title": "Drive to curb misuse of official vehicles", "text": "HUBLI: Taking note of the rampant misuse of official vehicles for personal use by police officials, Hubli-Dharwad police chief B A Padmanayan has introduced austerity measures and imposed restrictions on the use of fuel.The move comes in the wake of reports that though the twin cities have just 20 police stations, including women and traffic police stations, every month, police officers in Hubli-Dharwad burn fuel worth Rs 20 lakh.The curb on fuel spending has come in to effect from November 1. The restriction applies to the official vehicles of police commissioner, DCPs, ACPs, inspectors, Chalukya and Cheetah, the patrolling vehicles, and escort vehicles. With the new directive, the use of fuel ranges from 25 litre for a Cheetah-patrolling vehicle to 250 litres for the vehicle of deputy commissioner of police.According to sources, every month, the city police commissionerate spends Rs 20 lakh on fuel which is said to be much higher than that of other cities and districts, except Bangalore. What if the officers need more to discharge their duties?\"The effort is to bring down the usage of fuel. The limitation will not affect the routine duty of the police personnel and there will be no change in the patrolling and other official duties. If any officer needs more than the prescribed, he can send a requisition and it will be approved after verification,'' Padmanayan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095088", "title": "Month-long project to celebrate cinema", "text": "BANGALORE: To commemorate 100 years of Indian cinema, an exhibition of paintings, art installations, video-arts , short films, maps and architectural works is on at the National Gallery of Modern Art.The month-long Project Cinema City will focus on various art forms and their relationship with Mumbai - one of the major homes to Indian cinema - and the films it makes. \"Cinema has been a powerful and vivid media, reflecting societal upheavals without losing out on its mass appeal,\" said Rajeev Lochan, director, NGMA.The project is the brainchild of Majlis, a centre for inter-disciplinary art in Mumbai, and KRIVA. \"It is a collaborative endeavour in search of the joints between the form and its apparition, between Mumbai and its cinema,\" said Madhusree Dutta of Majlis, curator of Project Cinema City.The event kicked off on Sunday with a panel discussion on 'Ways of mapping the city' by filmmaker Deepa Dhanraj, journalist Nam Ismail , Arvind Narrain of Alternative Law Forum and Dutta. In the coming days, films like '9 Cinema City Shorts' , 'Fried Fish, Chicken Soup And A Premier Show' , 'When Shankar Nag Comes Asking' , 'Sin City' , 'Anna Sound Please' and 'Do Rafique' will be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17093946", "title": "110 defaulting industrial plots in Greater Noida to be cancelled", "text": "NOIDA: Allotments of around 110 industrial plots in the Surajpur-Kasna area of Greater Noida will be cancelled by the Uttar Pradesh Industrial Development Corporation (UPSIDC) after Diwali. The allottees are those that did not respond to notices sent to them by the state industrial development corporation earlier regarding payment of pending dues and for entering into lease deeds.UPSIDC had issued notices to around 300 allottees a month back to settle pending dues and begin work towards establishing operational units. Several among them had not entered into lease deeds with the government despite many years after allotments. The list of allottees facing cancellations also include those that have failed to set up operational units even after over five years of taking physical possession of plots.UPSIDC officials said that the list of 110 allottees has already been sent to the industries department in Lucknow for approval. \"After the list is approved, we will begin the process of cancelling allotments. The process would begin after Diwali,\" said a UPSIDC official. Industrial plots were allotted in Sites B, C, 4 and 5 in Greater Noida. tnnCorporation officials informed that they have resorted to go in for cancellations because industrial growth has slowed down in Greater Noida owing to the lack of enthusiasm among allottees to set up operational units. The corporation is mulling of launching a fresh scheme for allotting industrial plots to those desirous of setting up industries in a fast-track manner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097925", "title": "Supreme Court quashes rape charges against Bhandarkar", "text": "The Supreme Court has nullified the rape case lodged against director Madhur Bhandarkar in 2004.The apex court bench of Justice H.L. Dattu and Justice C.K. Prasad quashed the charges after it was told that the actress was no longer interested in pursuing the matter after nine years.The case which was lodged by a struggling model Preeti Jain alleged Bhandarkar of raping her several times between the year 1999 to 2004 by promising lead role in his next venture. Jain filed a complaint in a magistrate's court in 2004 after Maharashtra Police twice filed closure reports after investigation into the allegation of rape.On his defence Madhur had accused the police of not following proper investigation.Last year Madhur was sent for trial under the order of Mumbai Metropolitan Court but was later given anticipatory bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095496", "title": "Villagers build check dams with students' help", "text": "NASHIK: Students of Vanvasi Kalyan Ashram and villagers of Ragatvihir in Surgana taluka constructed six check dams on the rivers flowing in their villages recently.Around 50 villagers, with the help of 250 students of the ashram's school, built the check dams during the end of last month. The dams were constructed as part of shramdaan (labour work done for charity). It was inaugurated by the village sarpanch, Heera Gavit and zilla parishad (ZP) member Vijaya Ghangale.Five check dams were completed in a day. By 4pm the dams were ready The sixth check dam was completed the next day. Stones and empty cement bags filled with soil were used as the material. The empty cement bags were supplied by volunteers of the ashram. Officials of the forest department of the taluka visited the site when the work was going on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094842", "title": "PEC promotes health awareness with a marathon", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The students, faculty, staff and their families promoted health and wellness awareness among people by participating in the PEC mini-marathon on Sunday morning.The race that was organized keeping in view the 'Non-Communicable Diseases era' (NCD) started at 7.30am from the athletics stadium in PEC and ended at the same place after passing through Sukhna Lake.About 200 participants ran for the nearly 7.5km marathon. The traffic police made elaborate arrangements for the race which was won by Atinder Pal Singh in the boys category, with Bipin Gyawali and Ankit Saini as first and second runners up, respectively. Among girls, Anumita Verma won the first prize, Arshiya Nain stood second and Kamini was third.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094861", "title": "BJP will decide on Gadkari\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s second term: RSS", "text": "CHENNAI: The three-day RSS national council meet concluded here on Sunday with the Sangh maintaining its distance from the controversy surrounding BJP president Nitin Gadkari . The RSS said it was \"up to the BJP to decide\" if he would continue as the party chief.Speaking to reporters, RSS general secretary Suresh Joshi parried queries on the Sangh influencing the BJP's decision on continuance of Gadkari as the party president. \"We are just swayamsevaks. We are not playing any role in this,\" he said.Joshi said while the allegations against Gadkari have not been proven yet, \"an impartial inquiry\" must be conducted into the issue. \"If someone is found guilty, then they should be punished as per the law,\" he said.He said the BJP president's issues were not discussed during the three-day RSS meeting. When asked if the RSS would initiate an ind-ependent inquiry into the charges levelled against Gadkari, Joshi said, \"There is no provision for this within the organization.\"On Ram Jethmalani writing to the RSS leadership suggesting that Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi should be the BJP's prime ministerial candidate, he said the former had addressed the letter to the BJP and not the RSS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "17095225", "title": "Cheteshwar, Hiken frustrate England", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A heightened sense of responsibility characterized Cheteshwar Pujara's slow but watchful 87 (184 balls, 262 mins, 11x4) against England, on the second day of the warm-up game, at the DY Patil Stadium on Sunday.The Saurashtra batsman, certain to retain the No. 3 slot when the selectors meet on Monday to pick the squad for the first Test, showed his determination to deliver a good performance. He batted without any stress and added 163 runs for the third wicket with another half-centurion, Hiken Shah (84 batting).The 24-year-old offered a straight bat to the fast bowlers and used his feet comfortably against spinners Joe Root and Monty Panesar , the latter finally dismissing him after seeing Anderson grass a catch at first slip off his bowling when Pujara was on 22.Earlier, England declared at 345 for nine, after losing overnight batsmen Stuart Broad and Samit Patel, as well as Graham Onions for the addition of just seven runs. In reply, Mumbai 'A' were 232 for 4 at the end of the second day's play.Much to the chagrin of Broad, the stand-in skipper for the second warm-up game was greeted with 'Yuvraj' chants from the motley Sunday crowd, reminding the England T20 captain of the six sixes that the Indian southpaw hit off his bowling during the 2007 World T20 in South Africa.Broad bowled his heart out with little assistance from the wicket.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093658", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation process to develop nine fire stations still on", "text": "NAGPUR: The town planning department of the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) used all its all powers to acquire 27 plots reserved for public utility.However, if the same had been done to develop fire stations, the emergency and fire service scenario of the city would have been better.According to its population, the city requires at least 22 fire stations but it has just eight. That's because the plan to develop nine fire stations was made in 1998. Since then it's been a story of delays.The shocking facts came to the fore after new chief fire officer Rajendra Uchke started making moves to develop fire stations in the city.A senior NMC official told TOI that Uchke has directed his subordinates to submit information about plots reserved for fire stations in the city's development plan (DP) or open spaces available with the NMC.\"Uchke found a bunch of letters written to the NMC's estate and town planning departments and the Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT). The bunch included the minutes of the meeting held on February 9, 1998. In the meeting held on January 29, the municipal commissioner directed officials to renovate the existing four fire stations and construct nine in plots reserved in the DP,\" the official said.In the copy, it is also mentioned that a team of NMC officials inspected the nine plots and submitted the report. To acquire the plots, the fire department started writing to the estate and town planning departments. After follow-ups till 2000, the plan failed to see the light of the day.According to the norms, the city's existing population of 24.05 lakh must have 22 fire stations. There are only eight fire stations - Civil Lines, Ganjipeth, Cotton Market, Lakadganj, Panchpaoli (now Sugat Nagar), Sakkardara, Kalamna and Narendra Nagar.In 1998, there were four fire stations at Civil Lines, Lakadganj, Panchpaoli and Cotton Market. Proposals were made for nine more fire stations at Somalwada, Parsodi, Wathoda, Chikhli, Babulkheda, Ambazari, Nari, Zingabai Takli and Chinchbhuvan but the four fire stations that came up later, were not in the plan.The NMC's town planning department had acquired only one of these nine plots. The land reserved for the fire station at Wathoda was acquired on January 19, 2011. The fire department could not move the proposal further due to hurdles. The process to acquire the remaining eight plots was not undertaken, sources said.According to the DP implemented since 2001, the reservation for fire station is available on 11 plots. The NMC deleted reservation of fire station plots on the land situated in Somalwada and included them in residential zone. The NMC acquired land situated at Wathoda. Still, the reservation is available on nine lands.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097803", "title": "'Pizza' wins Box Office race in October", "text": "'Pizza', which released on October 19 starring Vijay Sethupathi and Ramya Nambeesan, opened to lukewarm response but gradually picked up business through word of mouth.Of the 13 Tamil films released in October, horror-thriller ' Pizza ', which raked in Rs.1.85 crore in first two weeks, evolved as the major winner at the box office.\"'Pizza' was made on a shoestring budget and it collected Rs.1.85 crore in the first two weeks. The amount it garnered is far better than what other Tamil films that released in October managed to collect,\" said a trade analyst.\"The film didn't have a grand opening but managed to create buzz through word of mouth with its offbeat and intriguing narrative and the movie is still running to packed houses,\" he added.The film revolves around a pizza delivery boy, played by Vijay Sethupathi, whose life undergoes dramatic changes whilst on one of his home delivery trips.Besides the Tamil dubbed version of ' English Vinglish ', Suriya-starrer ' Maattrraan ' was the only big budget film that released in October.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093181", "title": "65-year-old scientist succumbs to dengue, malaria", "text": "JAIPUR: A 65-year-old Jaipur-based scientist, who had retired from Central Electronics Engineering Research Institute (CEERI), Pilani, has died of dengue.She had worked as a scientist in the integrated circuit (IC) design group division at CEERI for more than 33 years. Swaraj Srivastava died last Wednesday after she tested positive for malaria and dengue as well.One of her relatives Dr Pankaj Varma on Sunday said Srivastava developed fever after mosquito bites.Within five days of developing fever, Srivastava died of the disease. She died in a private hospital while undergoing treatment. Her platelet count reduced drastically and all efforts to save her life by the doctors went in vain. When the doctors tested her blood first, she tested positive for malaria. The doctors provided her treatment for malaria. But, when she did not recover from fever, again the doctors tested her blood and found that she was suffering from dengue as well, Dr Varma said.Srivastava's husband, G P Srivastava, is the vice-chancellor of a private university. Her relatives took her to the nearby private hospital on Tuesday when she could not recover from the fever. The doctors admitted her and provided her treatment. The doctors found that her platelet count was very low and immediately asked her attendants to make arrangements to administer around six units of platelets.The attendants rushed to various blood banks but before they could return with the platelets, Srivastava became critical and later died.Her relatives claimed that it was a challenging task to get the platelets as it was not available readily at most of the blood banks. \"We managed to arrange six units of platelets from different blood banks but it was too late for us,\" Dr Varma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093293", "title": "Medha Patkar detained in Chhindwara", "text": "BHOPAL: Narmada Bachao Andolan leader Medha Patkar was detained by the police in Chhindwara on Sunday evening when she was on her way to join a farmers' agitation against acquisition of land for the Pench Diversion Project. More than 300 farming families across 31 villages will be affected by the construction of the dam. The district administration imposed Section 144 in the disturbed areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095618", "title": "'Ban' list may grow bigger this year", "text": "KOLKATA: With just over a week to go for Kali Puja and Diwali, the police and pollution control board are yet to test firecrackers and identify which ones flout the 90 decibel sound limit and should be banned. The tests are expected to be done on Monday at Nature Park near Brace Bridge off Taratala Road.\"We will identify and advertise the banned crackers after the tests. While last year's ban on all the 95 crackers is still in force, we expect more names to be added to the list as crackers get new labels each year,\" Debasish Roy, the additional commissioner of Kolkata Police, said on Sunday.The delay in tests and notification of banned crackers through advertisements till the very last week before Kali Puja and Diwali means customers either buy fireworks without knowing whether they will be subsequently banned or have to shell out more money as fireworks get expensive closer to festivals. Police, though, argue that the delay is deliberate so that it can test as many new labels as possible and prevent unscrupulous cracker manufacturers and vendors from altering labels to wriggle through.While the police conduct the test, PCB officials provide logistic support by recording the noise with decibel meters to identify which crackers exceed the limit of 90 dB at a distance of 5 metre.Among the labels that are hot this year are Dabangg, Tiger, Housefull and Barfi, all titles or part thereof of hit Bollywood flicks. Titles of movies - both of Bollywood and Hollywood - are among the most sought-after labels that cracker manufacturers use.In last year's ban list were names like Break Dance, (A Nest of) Singing Birds, Arabian Nights, (Mickey) Blue Eyes, Siren, Dil Maange More, Raiders of the Lost Arc, Chicago , (Chronicles of) Narnia, Salsa Dance, Merry-Go-Round, Rang De Basanti, Jewels of the Night, Bling Bling, Rock n' Roll, Jumpin' Jack (Flash), (The) Terminator, Mangal Deep, Sound of Music and VIP, all of which are also popular movie titles. Also on the list were those that have a nationalist appeal-Rang Bharat, Festival of India, Tricolour Akash Barsat, Tricolour Angels, Miss India and Pride of India.\"Marketers of firecrackers are very innovative. They adopt new names, get them printed and paste them on cartons of crackers to pass through the police dragnet. Phased testing of crackers with the list of banned crackers being progressively expanded in the run-up to the festivals,\" a PCB official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097947", "title": "Soak in some saffron flavour", "text": "Saffron, the much expensive spice can really elevate the flavour of a dishThe aroma of saffron is heady. Food connoisseurs across the world have hailed saffron as the queen of spices. Saffron adds a luminous yellow-orange colouring to food. Saffron is widely used in Indian, Persian and European cuisines. Saffron has also been used as a fabric dye, particularly in China and India, and in perfumery. In India saffron is used in biryani, pulao and sweet dishes. The taste and aroma of a dish is substantially enhanced when saffron is used.Saffron is quite expensive and that makes it a much prized spice in kitchens. This exotic spice is cultivated in many countries such as Spain, Turkey , Italy, Iran , Greece and the Jammu and Kashmir regions in India. From Spain's national dish paella to mutton biryani closer home, saffron adds unique flavour to the dish. Before using it, saffron is usually soaked in either warm water or milk to extract the maximum flavour.Saffron is not only indispensable as a spice for its so very unique flavour and aroma but also for its health properties. Research shows that saffron has anti-cancer properties and it helps in lowering blood choleserol. In addition to this, it also helps people having difficulty in memory related issues. It has many vital vitamins such as vitamin A, folic acid, riboflavin, niacin, and vitamin C.Remember to store saffron in a cool dark place for most effective use. If it is exposed to light, it can oxidize its flavour and colour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095462", "title": "'B schools help nations achieve growth'", "text": "MYSORE: Business schools can mould a person to contribute to the growth of a nation's economy where science and other fields cannot step in, said Sunil Sharma, director of IMF-Singapore Regional Training Institute (Singapore).Speaking at the inaugural of Myra School of Business campus here on Sunday, he said: \"Business schools create new ideas crucial for business, and help them with long-term success. Developing countries like India through B schools benefits in the creation of wealth.\"While speaking on social network and their role, R Raghav Rao, professor at Management Science and Systems Department (University of Buffalo), said they have become handy for people in 15-65 age group. \"The messages (there) become movements in the world,\" he said, citing examples of internet-driven campaigns.\"B schools must impart knowledge on relevant and current issues. Later, student should practise what was learnt,\" said Prof Mohan Gopalakrishnan, associate professor at supply chain management , Arizona State University (USA).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17093992", "title": "Shortage of police sub-inspectors hits Ponda police station functioning", "text": "PONDA: Shortage of officers in the rank of police sub-inspectors (PSIs) has virtually paralyzed the functioning of Ponda police station, affecting the registration of offences and investigation of cases.Sources have informed that the police station has been sanctioned six PSIs, but there are only three. This indirectly affects the investigations of crimes.Giving an example of the problems arising due to a shortage of staff, a source informed, \"On Friday late night a person met with an accident near KTC bus stand in Ponda. He died on the way to Ponda community health center and the doctors at the center informed the police about the incident at around 1 am on Saturday. But, the police could register the incident only at around 9pm on Saturday.\"The Ponda police inspector has already written about the situation to the North Goa superintendent of police requesting him to provide some more officers. But there is no sign of any officers being sent, stated a source.Ponda police station is the busiest in the state. It needs a number of senior police officers to handle some vital and sensitive cases.Ponda police station covers about 315 sq kms area and till date has registered 351 cacriminal cases, including murder, thefts, assaults, etc. since January 2012. Apart from these, 118 unnatural deaths have been registered during the same period.The police station has presently registered seven murder cases and investigations are in progress.The three officers deputed to the police station have to look after regular duties, night patrolling, naka-bandis, raids, inquests, post-mortems, etc. \"This leaves the officers exhausted and could affect the investigations,\" a police source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094627", "title": "Car window film violation penalty hiked", "text": "HYDERABAD: To send across a stern warning to those who still fancy driving around in cars which violate the window film stipulations, Hyderabad traffic police have from Monday decided to hike the penalty for the same from Rs 100 to Rs 500.A week into the drive, traffic cops have conducted a sample survey to gauge the impact it has had. Police have discovered that about 80% of vehicle owners had removed black films, which means some work in that regard still remains to be done.Given the presence of those who are likely to keep up the violation, police have decided to increase the penalty from Rs 100 to Rs 500 for cars and buses with Rs 1,000 being the fine for high-end cars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095053", "title": "When son of the soil rose to a challenge", "text": "It's 9 am and rather cloudy at Sri Kodandarama Swamy high school, Mittur in Mulbagal taluk. The children are all set for the day's lessons but there's no light in the classroom. One of them quickly goes out, sits on an old bicycle and starts pedalling it. And lo! There's light in the classroom.Ten years ago, the same bicycle was used for fitness by Mittur N Jagadish in far away Australia. Jagadish, a biotechnologist who quit everything and returned to Bangalore to work for the development of his birthplace, has put to good use the old exercise bicycle (pedal power generator) he used for more than a decade. The cycle now wards off darkness in Mittur classrooms.Even as a child, this Bangalore-based scientist wanted to do something for his birthplace , Mittur, about 100km from Bangalore in Kolar district . \"As a child, I would often wonder how a village could function without a single clinic . And when I told this to my father, he told me to set up one,\" he recalls.After having had enough of life outside India, Jagadish and his wife Sujaya decided to return to Bangalore and do something different. It all started with a visit to Mittur in 2007. \"The school was operating out of a make-shift building. I told myself something must be done. It's after all my village. We re-built the school,\" says Jagadish, who has worked with Monsanto, Astra Zeneca and Vittal Mallya Scientific Research Foundation among others.There was no looking back. By word of mouth, a huge network of entrepreneurs, doctors and techies of all age groups was built.\"We have Infoscions coming to teach the children. Bangalore college girls talk to girls here about reproductive health and hygiene. A dentist, Sameer Savakoor, operates a clinic every Saturday. Retired Railways executive Radhakrishna Kalawar helps us mobilize youngsters to visit Mittur and share their talent, skills and knowledge,\" Jagadish says.Jagadish's corporate experience has been put to full use. The stone benches (rachhe) under a tamarind tree have been rechristened village school corporate meeting rooms named after Karnataka's major rivers. \"My idea is not to completely urbanize the village or to deprive it of modern facilities. The benches were used earlier too when villagers would sit down and talk. Now the children use it,\" he explains.Mittur's 750-strong population now has battery-operated vehicles ferrying children to and from schools, solar and LED lamps for evening classes , education clubs and biosand filtering system to tackle the fluoride content in water.Jagadish and Sujaya attend gram panchayat meetings for feedback. Efforts are on to rope in IIT (Mumbai) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Bangalore chapter and Swami Vivekananda Youth Movement to establish a village knowledge centre to give computer education and training to kids and adults of Mittur and nearby villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17095223", "title": "Intimate texts to Brooks leave British PM red-faced", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron on Sunday faced huge embarrassment after details of intimate text messages he exchanged with former News International boss Rebekah Brooks were published by the media.In one message, Cameron thanks Brooks for letting him ride one of her family's horses, saying it was \"fast, unpredictable and hard to control but fun\" , texts obtained by The Mail on Sunday showed. In another, a gushing Brooks tells Cameron that she felt so emotional listening to his Tory conference speech in 2009 she \"cried twice\" , adding, Will love \"working together\" .Downing Street told BBC that the text messages were authentic and said the PM cooperated with Justice Leveson Inquiry, which is going into the culture, practices and ethics of the media in London.The two messages published by the Mail on Sunday were sent in October 2009, soon after Brooks became chief executive of News International.The messages have also been at the centre of a row between Labour MP Chris Bryant and Cameron and the contents will be a thorn in the PM's side, the British media commented. Bryant has challenged Cameron to publish all the material himself, suggesting it was \"too salacious and embarrassing\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "netravalli", "code": "17093951", "title": "Farming comes alive in Netravalli", "text": "NETRAVALLI: November 7, 2003: Supreme Court ordered closure of mining leases in all wildlife sanctuaries based on recommendations of its central empowered committee (CEC). Over a 1,000 kilometers away, the future suddenly appeared dark and grim to the tribals of Verle, Todou and Saljini in Netravalli wildlife sanctuary, engaged mainly as labourers in the close to 40 big and small manganese mines operating in their ancestral land.The over 2,000 villagers\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtraditionally farmers whose fields lay impotent with mining silt and dust\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfilled the narrow and congested streets of the state capital 110 km away from their homes to register their protest against being robbed of their 'livelihood.'November 1, 2012: Tribals snuggle together in the drizzle and chill of the cloudy afternoon in the wilderness of Verle in Netravalli as they take shelter in the local deity's temple, where they host a group of officials from the state agriculture department.The officials narrate a new-age method of paddy cultivation that will make optimum use of the fertile brown-black Netravalli soil. Deep green forest trees and ashy harvested paddy fields stand in silence with the villagers, listening intently.Among the attentive, interested farmers is Uttam Verlekar\u00e2\u20ac\u201dinstrumental in organizing the 2003 protest in Panaji.Nine years later, Verlekar's time is occupied with taking care of and milking his five cows and his storage space at home is spilling over with paddy, the excess of which is being readied to be sold in the Curchorem market 8km away after the family's requirement is kept aside.Verlekar remembers the time he was furious at the government and environmentalists who called for the closure of mines in Netravalli.\"I worked as a supervisor in the mines for 30 years. For two generations when 40 mines became operational in Netravalli, we did not know any other way to earn a living but work in the mines. We were worried where the money would come from to buy our groceries when the mines closed. Today, we have fresh village stream water, rice and vegetables grown in our own fields. We need money only to buy clothes. We go to market as sellers not buyers,\" Verlekar said.While mining dust had affected paddy and vegetable production, many cashew trees were rooted out to make way for the mines. An hour later, officials of the agriculture department move lower into a valley in the sanctuary to the village of Todou.Among those in the target audience in Todou is Chamtu Velip, who was employed as a labourer in the mines for as little as 9 a day for a 10 to 12 hours shift.\"We would get payment once every fifteen days. Barely any money would be left to spend on our children's schooling after buying our basic necessities. It seems ridiculous now to think we felt we would not have employment if mines were shut. I need five workers per day only to pluck cashews during the season,\" Velip said.His neighbour Tamdo Gaonkar saves between 1-1.50 lakh annually from the profits earned from his cashew plantations. Gaonkar has invested 8 lakh in an agricultural plot in Netravalli village to expand his farming activities\u00e2\u20ac\u201dunimaginable nine year ago amidst mining dust and with the extraction activity taking place in dangerous proximity of the source of the village springs at Satladongor.\"We still cannot renovate or extend our houses. We are called to the police station the very next day. The mine owners claim ownership of the land we live on. Our ancestors were illiterate and did not have any documentation to prove their ownership of the land,\" Gaonkar said.Not only the land the villagers live on, but the sacred groves worshipped by the villagers are also part of mining leases.The villagers have been stung once by mining and seem to have decided to shy away from it for life. \"Today, we will protest if mining resumes in the village,\" Gaonkar's brother Vittal said, determinedly. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17094460", "title": "No facilities for differently-abled at Kovai Junction", "text": "COIMBATORE: It's hell for the old, invalid, and the differently-abled to travel through Coimbatore railway station, in the absence of escalators and lifts. Steep stairs stare at those who wish to board a train or leave after alighting from a train, which has been earmarked to be turned into a model railway station for some time.A lift meant for transporting heavy parcels to the platforms was the only facility for the differently-abled and aged people to access the platforms. It's been non-functional for several months now.Take the case of Jose N Verghese, a resident of Venkatapuram in Coimbatore, who recently had to take the help of railway officials to lift his father in law, who is paralysed, to access one of the six platforms at the station. \"I frequent Ernakulam with my family quite often. Whenever I have to travel with my father-in-law, we have utilised the lift to carry him to the platform. I expected the lift to be working and I asked other family members to proceed towards the platforms. However only reaching the spot I found the lift closed,\" he said. He wonders how the railways could be so callous about the situation and do nothing for the so many months.M Muthusamy, a differently-abled person and his wife Rathinam, both residents of Veerapandi in Tirupur, have been visiting Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital for the last two years and find the absence of escalators a pain. \"I was disabled after falling down at a construction site. Now I am a heart patient as well. Every month we visit CMCH and each time we are forced to take either stairs or the way on the western side, to reach the platform as climbing the stairs is difficult. However, it is too dangerous to cross the way from the western side as trains keep moving, Rathinam said.L Velmurughan, member of Tamil Nadu Handicapped Federation Charitable Trust, said the association has raised the difficulties faced by the differently-abled people several times with the railway authorities. There is no separate counter for them, there is no toilet facility and no accessibility to reach the platforms, he said. \"More than the disability, it is the lack of concern by the government authorities towards differently able people that hurts the most. This makes them further disabled,\" he said.Sujatha Jayaraj, divisional railway manager, Salem division, said very soon a lift for differently-abled people would be set up at the railway station. Tenders for the purpose would be floated soon, she said.Jayaraj said there are two lifts used for the parcel service. One of the lifts would be removed and a lift for the convenience of the aged and differently-abled people would be constructed soon. The proposal has been already approved, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095499", "title": "Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation to meet farmers over land acquisition", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) will start negotiations with farmers for the proposed land acquisition for a 32km railway line from Eklahare to special economic zone (SEZ) in Sinnar this week.Indiabulls Realtech Ltd (IRL), a subsidiary of Indiabulls Power Ltd , and MIDC are jointly setting up a thermal power station at Sinnar with 1,350 MW capacity. A railway line about 32 km is to be laid between Eklahare and Sinnar for the transportation of coal. Around 173 hectare land across 12 villages is to be acquired by the MIDC.The MIDC issued a notification on October 29, 2010 for the acquisition of the land for the Eklahare-Sinnar railway line project. Though MIDC has already completed taking measurements in some villages, it could not be done at others because farmers protested.Sources told TOI that Rs 30 lakh per acre for arable land and Rs 15 lakh per acre for non-arable land has already been announced for the farmers.The district collector, who is a head of the District Land Acquisition Committee, and the MIDC will hold talks with the farmers on Wednesday, Nov 7, to convince them.The land is to be acquired from the 13 villages, which include Panchak, Samangaon, Eklahare, Hinganwedhe and Jakhori in Nashik tehsils, Jogaltembi, Naygaon, Deshvandi, Patpimpri, Baragaon, Gulvanch and Musalgaon in Sinnar tehsil and Pimpalgaon Nipani in Niphad tehsil.\"Our priority is to complete acquisition of land for the railway line for the proposed Thermal Power plant at Sinnar. We hope to convince the farmers and complete the land acquisition at the earliest,\" a senior official from MIDC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17093356", "title": "Yama soars in Dragon land", "text": "HYDERABAD: Anup Kumar Yama's excellent run continues. The 28-year-old Roller-skater has made it a habit of surpassing his own achievements and in the process he is raising the banner so high that it may be difficult for the others to reach it.After becoming the first Indian to claim a bronze medal at the World Roller Skating Championship in New Zealand recently, Anup went to China for the 15th Asian Roller Skating Championship which was held there from October 23 to 31.The Hyderabad skater didn't disappoint his ardent fans as he bettered his own record of winning five medals in a single Asian championship in Artistic skating. Anup won three gold and two silver medals to better his record of three gold and two bronze medals.Anup won gold medals in the senior men's freestyle artistic skating, senior men's figure artistic skating and senior men's combined artistic skating. He also won silvers in men's inline figure artistic skating and men's solo dance artistic skating.\"Heights by great men reached and kept were not obtained by sudden flight but while their companions slept, they were toiling upward in the night,\" wrote English poet HW Longfellow.This is so very true of Anup, who is a second generation skater. The World No.3 ranked player in Inline artistic category, started at a tender age of four and for the next two decades went about his task with single-minded dedication to the sport which he came to love so much.He had to forego things which a normal teenager would indulge in so that he could excel in his sport. \"It was tough at that time but discipline has helped me achieve all this in life. Getting up at 4 in the morning is now fun but it has shaped my career and I am thankful to my dad (Veeresh Yama) for inculcating discipline and dedication in me,\" he said.Anup was the first sportsperson to showcase Indian talent in roller skating to the world and has forged a strong international fan following with his awe-inspiring combination spins, signature style triple jumps, and perfect landings. He has now become a benchmark for thousands of aspiring skaters in India and abroad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093605", "title": "Victim's kin accept damages, rash driver let off with penalty", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man guilty of running over a person was let off with a fine of Rs 1,500 after the victim's family accepted a compensation of Rs 50,000 as settlement.Metropolitan magistrate Navita Kumari held south Delhi resident Jagdish Pal Singh guilty of rash and negligent driving, which resulted in the death of northwest Delhi resident Sachin in November 2011 near Barakhamba Road.The trial court had convicted Singh after he had pleaded guilty under the provisions of plea bargaining of the CrPC, which provides that an accused can plead guilty to his alleged offence in exchange for dropping of charges or for a lesser sentence as may be recommended by the prosecutor.During the trial, the victim's kin had accepted a compensation of Rs 50,000 from the accused towards mutual settlement of the offence and had submitted to the court that they had no objection to Singh being acquitted as he had already settled the matter. In separate statements, the parents and the sister-in-law told the court that they had mutually settled the matter without any \"coercion, fear or force\" and had no objection in disposal of the matter by plea bargaining.Seeking leniency, Singh had told the court he is the sole earner in the family and has the responsibility to look after his wife, children and old parents. The court noted that the convict had no criminal history. \"The convict has undertaken to be careful and not to repeat the offence in future,\" it added.\"In view of these facts and further that the parties have successfully entered into mutually satisfactory disposition, I sentence the accused under section 279 (Rash driving on a public way) of the Indian Penal Code to pay fine of Rs 500... and further sentence him under Section 304A of the IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder) to pay fine of Rs 1,000,\" said the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094578", "title": "Two books on Parayi Petta Panthirukulam", "text": "KOCHI: The legend of 'Parayi Petta Panthirukulam', the ancient tale of Brahmin scholar Vararuchi and his low-born wife and their twelve children, have enthralled generations. The DC International Book Fair revisited the legend through the books of Rajan Chungath and K Sreekumar, released on Sunday. Film actor V K Sreeraman presented the first copy to script writer Alankode Leelakrishnan. \"The eleven children of Vararuchi, who were adopted and brought up by different castes, are a lesson in communal harmony. We need to look into our own neighbourhoods and embrace the culture that lives on in folklore,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093338", "title": "Pharmacy student missing", "text": "INDORE: A pharmacy student is missing from the city for the past three days. Sandeep Parmar hails from Dhar district, and was presently residing in Kohinoor Colony.While leaving the house, he reportedly informed his two cousins and room partners, Rajkumar and Dharmendra that he was going to meet his relatives in Depalpur area and would return the next day. But he did not return. His brothers tried to contact him at the possible locations but to no avail. Failing to search him, Rajkumar and Dharmendra finally lodged a missing complaint at Sanyogitaganj police station. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093729", "title": "Out-of-tune BJP fails to charm on 'Black Day'", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP's bid to counter Congress show of strength by organizing protests seems to have backfired going by the lukewarm response and the unfavourable comparison to the ruling party's mass mobilization at Ramlila Maidan on Sunday.BJP protests at 14 locations did not strike a chord with the public as protesters were mostly party workers who also did not seem to have turned out in full strength. The protests only ended up coming across as minor shows that failed to impact the Congress rally.Although Delhi BJP chief Vijender Gupta denied the protests were a bid to counter the Congress rally, the opposition sponsored 'Black Day' was largely a damp squib that exposed organizational weaknesses and fault lines within the saffron outfit.The move to \"counter\" the Congress's pro-FDI not only pitted the Delhi BJP unit against the combined organizational might of Congress governments in Rajasthan and Haryana besides an all-India organizational effort, it also spurned the conventional wisdom of staying indoors on a day when the rival is out in full strength.After having had the upper hand in the discourse over corruption for months, BJP's miscued gambit handed the advantage to Congress as given the ruling party's mobilization, any effort by the opposition was bound to pale in comparison. \"Today, the public is with us. From price rise to scam, people are fed up of the present government. The impact would have been much more if the protest was organized on some other day,'' said a party leader.Although party leaders like Kalraj Mishra, Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi, Bhupender Yadav, Vijay Kumar Malhotra, Vijay Goel, Arti Mehra, Vani Tripathi among others addressed the public, the party stood divided on the decision to hold protest on the same day as Congress's rally with some leaders saying they had advised against the plan.It is clear organizational weaknesses and fierce rivalries continue to hamper BJP despite the success in municipal elections. Faced with an astute adversary in Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit, theopposition can find itself out smarted if it makes the mistake of providing the CM an opening.BJP continues to lack a mass leader in the Madan Lal Khurana and Sahib Singh Verma mold and this was evident in the party's lack of street smartness with its challenge fizzling out. It might have been far better to have left protests to the anti-FDI trader associations.Meetings were mostly attended by BJP workers who also did not turn up in large numbers. Most of the meetings resembled corner assemblies in colonies. Less than 600 people gathered at Govindpuri and BJP MLARamesh Bidhuri said, \"We had planned the protest at Gali no. 13, but we didn't get the permission from Police. The venue was changed at the last minute.\"BJP state chief Gupta, however, refused to admit that the people had not come forward to participate in the meetings even as the Congress rally managed to make an impact. Gupta maintained that the protest was a success and said that it is part of their ongoing protest against FDI and other government policies.\"The government is misleading people on the issue of FDI. Today'sprotest at 14 locations was not to counter the Congress' rally. We have observed it as a black day, as the incumbent government has come out to explain its flawed polices. Our aim is to connect with people,'' said Gupta.Meanwhile, in a unique protest against FDI in retail at Jantar Mantar,the Confederation of All-India Traders (CAIT) played a flute in frontof a buffalo. \"We are depicting the old dictum 'Bhains ke aagey been bajana' giving a clear message to the Union government that has become deaf and dumb as it has ignored protest by political parties, small industries, traders and other stakeholders. We hope that perhaps the flute may prevail saner counsel on the government,\" said CAIT secretary general Praveen Khandelwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095456", "title": "Domestic Delights", "text": "Jiwanjot Singh (Punjab) (vs Hyderabad in Mohali)Punjab's Jiwanjot Singh became the fifth Indian to score a double hundred on first-class debut. Jiwanjot hit 213 against Hyderabad at the PCA stadium, Mohali, and joined the likes of Gundappa Vishwanath (230), Amol Muzumdar (260), Manpreet Juneja (201) and Anshuman Pandey (209) to have scored a double in their first match.Sandeep Singh (Vidarbha) (vs Haryana in Lahli)Pacer Sandeep Singh grabbed four wickets in an impressive spell to help Vidarbha thrash Haryana by eight wickets on the third day at Lahli, near Rohtak. Sandeep (4/36) dismissed two Haryana batsmen in the space of three balls, five overs into the day, before claiming two more wickets later as Vidarbha shot out the home side for 183.Pankaj Singh (Rajasthan) (vs Bengal at Kolkata)Rajasthan pacer Pankaj Singh , who had picked up a 'fiver' in Bengal's first innings, came out firing on all cylinders and claimed three wickets to leave the hosts struggling at 109 for five in their second essay. Pankaj, who finished the day with figures of 3/15, dealt a major blow to Bengal when he had skipper Manoj Tiwary (6) edging behind the stumps.Parthiv Patel (Gujarat) (vs MP in Indore)Captain Parthiv Patel continued his good form with the bat and scored a quick-fire 80 (77b, 11x4) to raise Gujarat's hopes of an outright win against Madhya Pradesh. Patel had stroked 162 in the first innings. The 27-year-old wicketkeeper-batsman has begun the season on a superb note, after being ignored for all top domestic events recently.Gagandeep Singh (Baroda) (vs Karnataka in Baroda)Left-arm seamer Gagandeep Singh took a five-wicket haul to help Baroda dismiss Karnataka for 284 in their first innings. Gagandeep, who had scalped the two wickets on Saturday, returned on Sunday to claim three more wickets to help Baroda take a 122-run lead. The 25-year-old overshadowed Irfan Pathan in this game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094708", "title": "Ardous task ahead for new minority affairs minister", "text": "The induction of K Rahman Khan as minister of minority affairs in the Union cabinet reshuffle last week has been widely welcomed by a cross-section of minorities in the country. The 73-year-old Rahman Khan, a well-known legislator and parliamentarian from Karnataka, brings rich and varied experience to his new assignment. A former deputy chairman of Rajya Sabha and an ex-chairman of Karnataka Legislative Council, Rahman Khan was a member and later chairman of the Joint Parliamentary Committee on the functioning of Wakf Boards.Rahman Khan faces arduous tasks as the new boss at the ministry of minority affairs. He is incidentally the third minister to hold this portfolio, after Abdul Rahman Antulay and Salman Khurshid, since this ministry was formed in January 2006. The ministry, among other things, handles important subjects such as PM's new 15-Point Programme for the welfare of minorities, follow-up on Sachar Committee and Ranganath Misra Commission reports, multi-sectoral development programme for minority-concentration districts, central scholarship and free coaching schemes, computerization of wakf records, schemes of National Minorities Development and Finance Corporation and Maulana Azad Educational Foundation and other initiatives for the empowerment of minorities, including women.First and foremost task before the new Minister is to ensure higher allocations of funds for his ministry in the ensuing financial year 2013-14 and subsequent years. During the 11th Plan period (2007-12), the ministry was allocated Plan funds of Rs 7,000 crore and the actual expenditure worked out to Rs 6,826 crore. The Steering Committee on the Empowerment of Minorities for the Twelfth Five-Year Plan has projected a requirement of Rs 41,685 crore for the five-year period (2012-17). The allocation in 2012-13 has been pegged at Rs 3,135 crore. Over the next four years, the ministry has to step up allocations to Rs 9,600 crore annually to reach this target. The higher quantum of funds is required for covering more beneficiaries under the existing schemes and for the nine new schemes contemplated during the 12th Plan period.Another key issue awaiting his attention is that of 4.5 per cent sub-quota for minorities out of the 27 per cent reservations for the Other Backward Classes. The sub-quota, effective from January 1, 2012, could not be implemented, since the Andhra Pradesh High Court set aside the office memoranda earmarking 4.5 per cent reservations out of OBC quota for minorities in central educational institutions and public employment. The Supreme Court refused to stay the High Court orders when the Union government filed a special leave petition.The Union government contends that the sub-quota is applicable to only those minorities who are already included in the list of OBCs. The sub-quota is not based on the grounds of religion but on the consideration of backwardness and the quantum of reservation is proportionate to minority population among the OBCs. There are 411 Muslim OBC castes out of a total of 2,423 OBC castes included in the 27 per cent OBC quota. Muslim OBCs account for one-sixth of all OBC castes and the sub-quota works out to one-sixth of the quota for all OBCs. The ministry of minority affairs will have to argue its case strongly in the Supreme Court, since the future of state-level quotas for minorities will depend on the verdict on this SLP.Rahman Khan will also have to incorporate changes in the Wakf (Amendment) Bill 2010 by addressing the concerns of Muslim community and the recommendations of JPC on wakfs that he headed earlier, before bringing it to Parliament for enactment. Equal Opportunity Commission Bill is another legislation that has to be pushed through without further delay.There are minority-related institutions which are not under the purview of the ministry at present, such as Central Haj Committee under the ministry of external affairs and National Commission for Minority Educational Institutions and National Council for Promotion of Urdu Language under the ministry of HRD. He would need to strive to bring these institutions under the ministry of minority affairs to ensure greater cohesion in their functioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17094141", "title": "Kalam's visit to China aviation centre scrapped", "text": "BEIJING: Hours before former President A P J Abdul Kalam was to visit China's top aviation body, he was told of a change in plans. He would visit the China Academy of Space Technology instead.The last-minute change has sparked off speculation whether the cancellation was connected to China's wariness over its new stealth fighter, the J-31, launched just ahead of Kalam's visit.Kalam, 82, an acclaimed aviation engineer, came on his first-ever visit to China on November 1, when pictures of the stealth fighter on its 11-minute flight test were flashed. Chinese officials said it was an improvised and lighter version of the J-20, launched about two years ago.This made China the second country after the US to acquire the stealth bomber.Kalam was in China on the invitation of Beijing Forum, an intellectual body sponsored by the Chinese government. He was scheduled to visit the Aviation Industry Corporation of China (AVIC) on November 2, where he was to be given a detailed presentation. Instead, he was taken to the space academy, the premier body in charge of China's burgeoning space programme.While Chinese officials were tight-lipped, analysts wondered whether AVIC wanted to avoid exposure of the J-31 to India's top defence and aviation specialist. Kalam was closely connected with the Defence Research and Development Organization and the Indian Space Research Organization (ISRO).Not someone to complain, Kalam made good of his visit to the academy of space technology, where he was given a detailed presentation about China's successful manned spaceflights, including the one this year, sending its first woman astronaut to the space station being built to rival Russia's Mir, currently being jointly manned with the US. Top officials also evinced interest in collaboration for a space solar power mission with India.Kalam, in turn, highlighted the advances made by India in space technology, especially in putting heavier satellites into orbit. Isro is also working on its Mars Orbiter Mission set for next year.Kalam left for India on Saturday after the three-day visit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094840", "title": "Career options as fitness instructor", "text": "Growing health and fitness awareness has given birth to a slew of new professions. One of them is that of a fitness trainer whose job is to help people get into shape and improve their body tone and stamina \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether s/he is a sedentary corporate honcho or a professional golfer or a film star.The Rs 5,000 crore fitness and slimming market has been growing at the rate of 25-30 % and the growth of services have outpaced the products.Based on their knowledge of human anatomy, diet, nutrition and other health related matters, trainers assess their client's fitness level and help them achieve their fitness goals. They design specific programmes for different people depending on their age, lifestyle and physical condition. They also demonstrate various exercises and help clients to improve their exercise techniques. They may keep records of their client's exercise sessions in order to assess their progress towards physical fitness. It is like being coach and doctor to your clients. Each case is a challenge because a specific solution has to be found depending on the person's age and condition.Personal trainers work with clients on a one-on-one basis in either a gym or the client's home.Aerobics instructors conduct group exercise sessions that involve aerobic exercise, stretching, and muscle conditioning.While some trainers specialise in specific areas such as aerobics or weights training, others are veritable all-rounders . Understandably, the first essential requirement is an athletic body and loads of stamina.Remember, a fitness instructor is a role model: make sure you are fit and athletic enough to inspire your clients. Besides you need to literally stay on your toes. But overall, it's fun and rewarding.To take on the adrenaline-pumping job of a fitness expert you need to be a graduate with good communications skills backed with a diploma in fitness training. Starting salaries can be low. Be prepared to be underpaid in the early years. But your earnings grow fast once you have built a reputation . Keep improving your skills and adding to your knowledge by taking courses. And if you graduate to coaching the rich and the famous or appear on fitness shows on TV, you will never have to look back.Other than this, adventure tourism is another non-desk option that you could explore.-- Pervin Malhotra, director, Caring Career Information &amp; Guidance, New Delhi", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095442", "title": "Spurt in attacks on policemen, a worrying manifestation of deteriorating law and order condition in UP", "text": "The recent spurt in attacks on policemen is a worrying manifestation of deteriorating law and order condition in the state. The fact that it is happening on the streets of the state capital is even more worrisome. It not only spreads a general sense of insecurity among the people, but also adversely hits the morale of the police force which is responsible for maintaining law and order. Clearly, the fear of law seems to be evaporating fast. It happens when either the ruling dispensation is too weak, or those taking law into their hands are confident that nothing will happen to them if they attack cops or mediapersons whenever something doesn't go in their favour. The SP government which is already under attack for poor law and order condition in the state, must act with urgency to protect its police force by taking stern deterring action against rowdy elements. A police force which is low on morale can hardly be expected to get tough with law-breakers . The supreme court ended up deciding the results of the 2000 election when Democrat Al Gore won the popular vote but George W Bush won the electoral college with such a narrow margin in Florida that it sparked a recount and massive legal battle over the infamous 'hanging chads' . In 2008, Bush won a second term after less than 119,000 votes in Ohio gave him a narrow electoral college advantage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095615", "title": "Catch the Kolkata in all its moods at film fest", "text": "KOLKATA: As Kolkata gets ready to celebrate cinema and explore the world on screen, the city itself will come alive with all its liveliness and vibrance. The city of joy's evolution, as captured in films over the decades, will be showcased under a section titled 'Calcutta/Kolkata'. It will feature films by masters which had Kolkata as their backdrop or in which the city played a significant role.Introduced last year, Calcutta/Kolkata will have eight films this year. No new film has been included, though. Classics like Tarun Majumdar's 'Sansar Simante' and Ritwik Ghatak's 'Bari Theke Palie' will be screened. The evergreen Uttam Kumar-starrer 'Chowringhee' also finds a place on the list. Based on Shankar's novel of the same name, the film captures Kolkata of the Sixties Kolkata. While 'Jadu Bansha' portrays a Kolkata of an even earlier period, Satyajit Ray's 'Pratidwandi' depicts a turbulent city of the early Seventies when political turmoil and joblessness had left the youth unsettled.\"In each of these films, the city is a character, not just a backdrop. It shapes the destiny of the protagonists, many of whom are in love with the city, despite all its drawbacks. The hero of 'Pratiwandi', for instance, is loath to leave the city but is eventually forced by circumstances to do so. The city doesn't leave him, though,\" said Sanjoy Mukhopadhyay, film analyst and a member of the Kolkata International Film Festival Committee.Mrinal Sen's 'Ekdin Pratidin', Utpalendu Choudhury's 'Chokh' and Tapan Sinha's 'Atanka' complete the section. These films capture the uncertainty and lawless of the Eighties' Kolkata, a time when the city was recovering from the political unrest of the previous decade.\"Kolkata was different from what it is now. Even though relatively peaceful, it was still nursing the wounds of the Naxalite movement and the disturbances that followed. More importantly, these films document the evolution of the urban lower-middle class that has always been very important to Kolkata's social landscape,\" said a film analyst. He cited the instance of Sen's 'Ekdin Pratidin' which captures which is a grim tale of a family waiting for the elder daughter of the house who happens to be the lone earning member.Kolkata and its people in a manner that had never been done before.\"When you see 'Chowringhee', Kolkata looks and feels entirely different from that of the Kolkata of 'Ekdin Pratidin'. 'Atanka' again, captures the seamy underbelly of the city's political world and strikes terror. A film like 'Barie Theke Palie', on the other hand, captures an innocent and placidKolkata that perhaps no longer exists,\" said Mukhopadhyay.Festival observers, however, are not sure if the section will be a crowd-puller manage to draw audience in the absence of new films. While Birsa Dasgupta's '033', a new film, had been screened last year, no new release has been lined up this year. \"Several new films have portrayed contemporary Kolkata in a brilliant fashion. It would have been nice had a couple of them made it to the list. It would have made the lineup complete,\" said the analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093579", "title": "UP Power Corporation Limited pays blacklisted companies for 'faulty devices'", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly five months after initiating proceedings to blacklist errant transformer manufacturing companies on the orders of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav, the UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) has cleared payments due towards the companies.Payment to these companies was held back by the UPPCL in June after Akhilesh Yadav asked the corporation to initiate adverse proceedings against the companies for supplying poor quality transformers that tripped in the peak of summers. The CM had, in fact been repeatedly blaming the previous BSP government for purchasing poor quality transformers that led to the power crisis.On the contrary, documents accessed by TOI show that at least three companies - Laxmi Transformers, PML Power Solutions and United Electricals and transformers - have recently been paid their dues. The letter to release their payments was in fact issued on October 24 when it was a public holiday on account of Dusshera (TOI has a copy of the letter).Laxmi transformer is believed to be owned by the kin of a senior functionary in the UPPCL. In all, nine companies-PME Noida, RTS Jaipur, Technocrat, Accurate, PP Industries, Swaska, Modern transformers, Laxmi Transformers and East India Industries-were proposed to be blacklisted by the UPPCL.While the Agra-based Laxmi transformers has been paid around Rs 90.5 lakh, PME has managed to recover Rs 94.4 lakh. Likewise, the Roorkee-based United Electrical has been granted a sum of over Rs 60 lakh by the UPPCL. These three companies supplied over 350 transformers of 63/100 KVA capacity during the previous BSP regime for which bills were raised on different dates between January 14 and March 31.Former chairman Avanish Awasthi had then issued a letter (dated July 16) to all distribution companies asking them to prohibit all such companies from taking bids in the supply of transformers under the accelerated power development reform project. At the same time, the quality control committee of the UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) too asked the UPPCL not to revoke the blacklisting of the companies.When contacted, principal secretary (energy) and chairman UPPCL, Anil Kumar Gupta refused to comment saying he was in a meeting. UPPCL managing director A P Mishra could not be approached for comment either.UPPCL sources did not rule out possibility of other erring companies approaching the UPPCL to get their dues cleared soon given the fact that three have been cleared.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had gone on record, first in July and then in August, saying there were irregularities in purchase of transformers during the BSP regime.\"In place of good quality transformers, those of poor quality were purchased by the previous BSP government. In Gorakhpur, 700 transformers got damaged in three months,\" Yadav had said. \"Action has been taken against officials and firms responsible for supply of poor quality transformers and more action will follow,\" he had said in July.The stern warning from the CM was, however, followed by dramatic developments. First UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi, who proposed proceeding to blacklist the companies was transferred. Next, the UPPCL top brass decided to constitute a committee to inquire into the issue from scratch. The corporation also wanted a member from UPERC, which, however, refused to be a part of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094575", "title": "Another Hyderabad lake faces encroachment threat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Another water body in the city is now under threat of encroachment. Bhageerathi Lake in Khajaguda area, near Gachibowli has caught the attention of land grabbers who have encroached upon three acres of the lake bed. The lake has also become a dumping yard for city's effluence.Environmentalists said that one of the largest lakes in Serilingampally mandal, Bagheerathi, was built during the Nizams' time and has been a home to variety of birds. Located in a picturesque setting amidst rock formations, the water from this lake was once used for irrigation and drinking purpose as well.Conservationists said that a few weeks back a private builder had encroached upon the lake and built a compound wall right on the lake bed. Rajkumar Thakur, convenor, SOUL (Save Our Urban Lakes) said, \"It's important to conserve this lake as it is less polluted. It is one of those water bodies which has not been a victim of land grabbers. Sadly, encroachers are now working over time to occupy this lake. We are demanding immediate action against the encroachers.\"He also said that this particular lake is very important for maintaining biodiversity. \"At any given time there are at least 200 birds surviving around the lake which include black storks and other rare species. As this lake is also interlinked with other water bodies, conserving it will help the underground water table in the area,\" he said. When brought to the notice of revenue officials, they said that they would take action after inspecting the lake. \"We will inspect the lake in a few days. If there is encroachment, we will initiate action, and take necessary measures to protect it,\" said B Rajesh, tehsildar, Serilingampally mandal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17095578", "title": "Central team to review projects", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A central team will visit Malappuram to review the progress of the implementation of various projects, including National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme (NREGS) and National Rural Health Mission (NRHM).The team will mainly review the activities being conducted under the NRHM programmes in the district and its impact on the rural people here. The four-member team will also visit Alappuzha. Health officials of the state health department will accompany the team.Sources at the district medical office said the team will review all the central schemes being implemented in the district. \"We are prepared for the visit and we are hopeful that they will be impressed with the progress of the health sector of the district,\" they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "17097005", "title": "TMC chief urges state intervention on property tax", "text": "THANE: Municipal commissioner RA Rajeev has sought the intervention of the state government to nullify the resolution passed by the general body of the TMC concerning the proposed capital value based property tax.Rajeev has argued that the move to continue the archaich system of assessing property tax based on the rental value of the residential or commercial structure will render a loss of Rs 32 crore to the corporation. The civic chief also brought it to the notice of Mantralaya that it defeats the mandatory reforms initiated unde the Jawaharlal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission.The TMC chief has sought the state government's intervention to invoke section 351 of the BPMC act to nullify the resolution passed by the general body of the TMC.The issue threatens to snowball into a major controversy as Thaneites have rejected the new assessment system. In fact a public interest petition is pending in the Bombay high court listing out the reasons for continuing the exisitig system.All political parties in Thane too joined the chorus of opposition to the proposed assessment of capital value bases computing of property tax.After a lengthy debate the opposition Congress, NCP and the MNS in Thane seconded the resolution initiated by the ruling Shiv Sena-BJP in the civic body here. Rajeev's move is likely to trigger an outrage here as it is being perceived to be against the wishes of the locals here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094250", "title": "Chills bring out trendy wears", "text": "RANCHI: Overcoats, leather boots, woollen scarves and caps and colourful gloves are in vogue this winter as they add to the style statement of each individual. City youths can be seen hopping from one shop to another searching for the best deals and settling with what suits both their personal style and pocket.Neha Marwah, student of Xavier Institute of Social Service (XISS), Ranchi, said: \"I am searching for a check print, slim fit overcoat which I saw in one of the television programmes recently. Nowadays, no one wears cardigans, its all about overcoats in bland colours yet of attractive make. Pairing an overcoat with slim fit jeans is the most in thing this season.\"Owner of a woollen garment store, Satish Verma, said: \"Overcoats are much in demand among girls. Black, brown and black and white checks are the favourites. The new stock has not yet arrived so people are buying from previous year's collections. This year we are expecting much more varieties in overcoats.\"Trendy looking printed scarves are also in demand. Priyanka Vashishta, a student of St Xavier's College, said: \"If you know the art of tying a scarf, there can be nothing trendier than it. I dig for scarves at every shop, have more than a dozen in my wardrobe and I'm planning to buy more.\"Scarves available in the market are of various designs and textures and keeping in view the low temperature and cool wind, scarves attached to caps have also flooded the market this year. Owner of a woollen store, Rajesh Gupta, said: \"These caps are very much in demand as they look good on you and cover you well. They are available at a range of Rs 250 to Rs 500, depending on the design and quality.\"Covering the hands and the feet is also necessary in winters and leather is the best option as it looks fashionable and keeps you warm at the same time. \"It is bit costly but I would be buying leather gloves and boots as I have to drive a lot and its really freezing cold when I drive at night,\" said Akshat Singh, a college goer.Boys are also opting for branded jackets this winter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097797", "title": "Kendraka is ready for an Indo-Japanese collaboration", "text": "Kendraka is going global. The band is set for an Indo-Japanese collaboration for its forthcoming tour, which starts on November 8. Coming on board is famous new jazz flautist from Japan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Miya. What's more, for the first time, a real time travelogue will be shot on the band's tour.Mainak 'Bumpy' Nag Chowdhury, Nishad Pandey and Gabu are excited about the tour, which they have designed differently. The first show will be in Kolkata. \"It will cater to an urban audience and yes , Miya will be performing with us,\" explains Bumpy. From there, the band will head to Guskara, where the musicians will collaborate with Kartik Das Baul at his akhra. \"It will be more of an adda in presence of some of the famous bauls,\" adds Bumpy. The next performance will be in Kuala Lumpur and from there, the band will leave for Tokyo and Yokohama in Japan.Incidentally, the band did a tour of Kuala Lumpur midyear, and now, it will perform at the same club \u00e2\u20ac\u201d No Black Tie. The only difference being that Kendraka is set to record a live album at the club on this tour. \"The whole idea of collaborating with Miya came out of a conversation that I had with Benedict Taylor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a pianist from the UK. When I spoke to her, she willingly obliged. Our friend, Tamojyoti Mukherjee, has helped us out immensely\" says Bumpy.The musicians also found a lot of similarities in their approach. \"There has been a socio-political shift in Bengal. But before that, for the last few years, we've been witness to social unrest. In Japan, there has also been disturbances because of the Tsunami. The fear factor has been killing. But despite all this, both our cultures remain unblemished,\" adds the musician. Meanwhile, Bumpy has come up with an instrument, the Maitrayee bass, which he has named after his mother. \"I have been attempting to incorporate the Indian classical idioms into my compositions for the past five years and a major hindrance has been the bass itself. These instruments are not designed to play Indian classical music as they don't have sympathetic strings. My instrument is a double-neck seven-string fretless and sixstring fretted bass with 11 taraf and two chikari strings,\" he says. Gabu, on his part, adds, \"Making a docu on live shows isn't an oft-explored concept. The shows will be filmed by Debashis Sen Sharma. The docu will be in form a dialogue between artistes.\" About the album, he adds, \"No Black Tie has arrangements for live sound recording. We were kicked about this album from our last tour itself.\"The band has invited the CM for its first show. \"We wanted the government know about this Indo-Japanese collaboration,\" says Bumpy. The docu and the album are slated for release in January.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17095579", "title": "IMA holds seminar on biomedical waste management", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Strict implementation of Biomedical Waste (Management and Handlings) Rules, 1998 is essential for the effective disposal of generated biomedical wastes in the state, said former chief environmental engineer V J Vijayabhas here on Sunday.He was speaking at a seminar on 'the present status of biomedical waste management in Kerala', organized by the Chennai-based CPR Environmental Education Centre in collaboration with the district branch of the Indian Medical Association at the IMA Hall. \"Some hospitals are still not making use of needle burners to dispose the used needles. On an average, a bed in one hospital generates 2kg waste per day and of this 300 grams are biomedical waste,\" he said.Vijayabhas said that according to the World Health Organization statistics in 2000, injections with contaminated syringes resulted in 21 million hepatitis B virus (HBV) infections, two million hepatitis C virus infections and 2.6 lakh HIV infections across the world. Hence, biomedical waste management should be the prime priority of the hospitals in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17095566", "title": "Police interrogate bank staff", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Police on Sunday interrogated the staff of the KP Kesava Menon Road branch of the Punjab National Bank , from where valuables went missing the other day.\"We will examine the footage of CCTVs installed near the door of the locker room,\" said T K Ashraf, circle inspector of the Town Police Station.Police also took the statement of S Saravanan, who had complained of losing 24 sovereigns of gold from the bank locker in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098669", "title": "Suriya wants to be like his father", "text": "Veteran actor Sivakumar, used to take leave for a number of days to spend time with his children, Suriya, Karthi and Brinda, even at the peak of his career.Now, Suriya, who turned dad, a few years ago, wants to follow his father's foot steps but is finding it tough as he has been shooting for his films back-to-back and has absolutely no time for his children.The actor, who is currently shooting in Tuticorin and is unable to spend a lot time with his kids, Diya and Dev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17095389", "title": "Rape victim dies in hospital; police arrest main accused", "text": "JALANDHAR: Following the death of a minor rape victim of Phillaur in civil hospital here, police have arrested the two accused in the case.A resident of Phillaur has alleged that her daughter was alone at home on Thursday when accused Mani came there and raped her. The girl was rescued by her neighbours when she raised an alarm. However, the accused's uncle helped him escape from the place and even intimidated the victim and her family.The girl admitted in civil hospital, Phillaur, where her condition deteriorated and was referred to civil hospital, Jalandhar, where she died on Saturday.Jalandhar Rural SP(D) Rajinder Singh said that while Amarjit was arrested soon after, Mani was arrested on Saturday night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093103", "title": "Kailashpati Mishra cremated", "text": "PATNA: Mortal remains of veteran BJP leader and former governor Kailashpati Mishra was consigned to flames on the bank of Ganga here on Sunday evening in the presence of scores of leaders hailing from all parties, including Bihar CM Nitish Kumar, LJP national president Ram Vilas Paswan and state BJP president C P Thakur. Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi , several MPs and legislators of the BJP and the JD-U were also present.As announced earlier by Kumar, the funeral was performed with full state honour. The state government declared one-day 'state mourning' on Sunday throughout Bihar in the honour of Mishra for his \"distinguished contribution in the public life during the last seven decades\". The national flags flew at half-mast in all government offices in the state as a mark of respect to the departed leader, a communique issued from state government said.Mishra, former governor of Gujarat and Rajasthan, died in Patna on Saturday after a prolonged illness. He was one of the founder members of the BJP.Earlier in the day, several top leaders of BJP including former deputy prime minister L K Advani, Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi, Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda , party's leader in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley , its national general secretary Ananth Kumar and chief national spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad flew in the state capital especially to pay floral tributes to the departed leaders who played a leading role in the expansion of Jan Sangh and BJP in several states, including Bihar and Jharkhand.Narendra Modi - who was not invited for campaigning in Bihar for the 2005 and 2010 elections following a strong protest by Nitish Kumar - visited the state capital after two years on Sunday. Modi arrived here by a special plane and drove straight to Mishra's residence at Kautilya Nagar. After spending some time at Mishra's residence, he flew back to Raipur to attend Chhattisgarh government's 13th Rajyotsav programme. Prior to Modi, Munda flew in from Ranchi and visited Mishra's residence to pay floral tributes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093864", "title": "Teaching leadership through Vedanta", "text": "NAGPUR: Some called it a tonic dose while others referred to it as an awakening. Her presence was enough to turn businessmen, doctors and technocrats into philosophers dwelling upon the finer nuances of life. Her ideas and message was clear and simple: follow your heart and mind rather than popular wisdom and intellect so that you can follow your passions rather than fulfilling obligations.Jaya Row, international motivational speaker who has been studying and spreading the wisdom in ancient Indian scriptures, was in the city recently to tell the members of Vidarbha Management Association how to awaken the leader within them. Having been a high-flying executive herself, she could use the parlance of her audiences to bring home several important points. Interspersed with examples of sporting heroes like Sir Donald Bradman , Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal and a young man in love, she doled out advice that seemed more like listening to a story and getting answer from the listeners themselves.\"Vedanta philosophy is universal; it can be relevant at any time and place and to any group of people. It was the first management treatise of the world. Also, these dictums could be used in any walk of life from boardroom to the drawing room,\" she said. The three basic principles of Vedanta said a lot about their relevance in today's world, she added.Answering queries, she told the audience that negativity cannot be wished away but giving it importance and credibility is an individual's own doing. On leadership, she gave the example of Bhuvan from Lagaan who used the best traits of all his team members to achieve a higher goal. At the same time, she cautioned that the goal should not take over the importance of the next course of action to be taken.\"Acting with a spirit of sacrifice and for well being of society, being free of hatred and malice and having a regard for the environment and natural resources are the basic principles of Vedanta. These thoughts and attitudes are what the need for the present age is,\" she said. The onus of undoing the social degradation, therefore, is left to the few thinking people, she stated.Row said she felt bad about the downfall of moral values. \"Our parenting skills, as a society, need an overhaul. I feel the parents these days are not aware of their obligations towards children, who have become means of vicarious pleasure for them. They are only concerned about enjoying fruits of their achievements,\" she complained. She countered this with parents of simpler times recalling how values like sharing and being considerate of others' needs and feelings were inculcated in her though small disciplinary actions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094777", "title": "Doctors warn of severe viral infections", "text": "CHANDIGARH: If your child has been coughing and sneezing, doctors advise more caution this season. With dengue and dengue-like viruses in the air, the already-compromised immunity can make one vulnerable to many viruses that have set in with the drop in temperature.People complaining of upper respiratory infections, including sore throat and cough accompanied by fever, are pouring in city hospitals. The problem is especially acute in children under the age of two. Though the viruses causing these infections \u00e2\u20ac\u201d rhinovirus and adenovirus \u00e2\u20ac\u201d are common in cold temperature, this time the doctors warn of their severity. Dengue and dengue-like cases are already there in large numbers.If a person has dengue or dengue-like symptoms, with the immunity already having gone down, another attack of a different virus can prolong the period of illness.\"These viruses are commonly seen in children under the age of two. We recommend a lot of warm fluids and non-exposure to smoke in the environment,\" said Dr Sadbhavna Pandit, head of the paediatrics department at GMH-16. Besides upper respiratory illness and allergies, another peculiar observation is low counts of total leucocytes \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the cells that fight against the attacking viruses or bacteria invaders.\"We are seeing cases where there is a drop in the count of these cells which critically brings down immunity. Consequently it makes one vulnerable to secondary infections,\" said Dr R S Bedi, a paediatrician at a Sector 35 based clinic. Though the viral infection is self limiting as it goes away on its own within five-seven days, intake of antibiotics without doctor's prescription is commonly seen.\"Self-medication is common in patients suffering from viral. Taking cough syrups over the counters and popping in antibiotics is prevalent. We do not advise these as antibiotics work against bacterial and non-viral infections,\" said Dr P S Bawa, a Mohali-based physician. With the festival season under way, doctors warn against consumption of flavoured sweet meats and visiting markets that are crowded. \"Avoid crowded places and coloured or flavoured sweet meats. They trigger allergies. Take multivitamins and drink juices,\" said Bawa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093774", "title": "Man brushed past biker, beaten up", "text": "NEW DELHI: In yet another case of road rage, a 53-year-old man was allegedly assaulted by a biker after his car brushed past him at Safadrjung Enclave in south Delhi. The complainant, Bhawani Shankar Sharma, said he was returning home around 7pm on Friday in his Santro when he grazed a motorcycle on the Ring Road stretch near Naroji Nagar bus stand.Sharma, who works at Rajya Sabha Secretariat, claimed the man parked his bike on a side, and abused him. The biker, identified as Sanjay, smashed the left windowpane of his car with his helmet and dragged him out of his car, said the complaint.Police said the accused thrashed Sharma and even kicked him in the abdomen. As the incident happened near Sharma's house, people identified him and came to his rescue. The fended off the accused and informed the police. The accused was handed over to the cops and later arrested. Sharma was taken to AIIMS Trauma Centre, where a medical examination was also conducted on him. A case of causing hurt and wrongful restraint was registered under Section 323 and 341 of the IPC.The victim works with Rajya Sabha Secretariat and lives with his family in Naroji Nagar area of south Delhi.A week ago, three cases of road rage were reported from different areas within 24 hours. While two of them took place in Vasant Kunj, the third incident was reported from Paschim Vihar area of west Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097586", "title": "Thuppakki on Nov 9th with U certificate!", "text": "Finally the AR Murgadoss directed Thuppakki featuring Vijay and Kajal Aggarwal has been censored. Harris Jayaraj has provided music for the film and it is this years next biggie to hit the screens.Earlier there were reports that the film had cleared the censors with U/A certificate however the latest is that the team had made some slight alterations and bagged a clean U.The movie is expected to be Vijay's stylish movie ever and is the biggest release for Diwali this year.The film is now likely to release on Friday November 9 worldwide in nearly 1000 screens.Produced by Kalaipuli Films International and released by Gemini Film Circuit, the film also has Vidyut Jamwal, Sathyan, Jayaram and Manobala in prominent roles.The teaser trailer generated over 1.75 million views on YouTube and the ' Google Google ' song, sung by Vijay himself is a super hit.The buzz is that overseas prints of the film has been dispatched, so that local censor can take place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam/vijayawada", "code": "17094653", "title": "Tracks flooded; several trains cancelled", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM/VIJAYAWADA: Several trains were brought to a sudden halt on Sunday due to flooding of tracks following torrential rains. Railway authorities were compelled to cancel a few trains and regulate many others.Train services between Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam were hit badly as the deluge threatened to wash away the tracks at several places in East Godavari. Several important trains were halted between Tuni and Gullipudi stations. Night patrolling on tracks has been intensified, he added. He promised to operate the trains once the water level recedes in the local streams.South Central Railway had set up helplines at all important stations between Vijayawada and Visakhapatnam to provide information about train services. While Guntur-Visakhapatnam-Guntur Simhadri Express was cancelled, Secunderabad-Visakhapatnam Inter-City Janmabhoomi Express was partially cancelled between Visakhapatnam and Tenali. Janmabhoomi Express would run between Tenali and Secunderabad.Secunderabad-Howrah Falaknuma Express was stopped at Tuni and Chennai-Asansol Express was halted at Annavaram. Similarly, Tirupati-Puri Express was stopped at Samalkot and Villipuram-Tadepallegudem train was regulated at Tadepallegudem. Machilipatnam-Narsapur Express was halted at Rajahmundry.Among the trains diverted include Secunderabad-Guwahati Express, Yeswantpur-Bhagalpur Express, Chennai-Howrah Mail and Villupuram-Puruli Express. A few other trains were stopped due to water on the tracks. The SCR helpline numbers are Rajahmundry 0883-2420541, 2420543, Samarlakota 0884-2328824, Tuni 08854-256552, 253555 and Vijayawada 0866-2576796, 257038, 257036.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093051", "title": "Electronics store voucher theft under economic offences wing lens", "text": "MUMBAI: A case involving stolen vouchers of an electronics and home appliances store, Croma, is being probed by the economic offences wing (EOW).The vouchers initially \"went missing\" from most of the store's outlets, but were redeemed at other branches, claimed investigators. \"We found that the vouchers were used to purchase goods worth Rs 24 lakh from the Bandra outlet alone,\" said a senior police officer.Two of the store's cashiers, Sandeep Khade and Sandeep Tiwrekar, were arrested but secured bail later. The fraud came to light while the company was carrying out its internal audit.\"The store stocks vouchers at its stores. The employees print the amount and the voucher is stamped before it is handed over to a buyer.\"\"The accused had forged vouchers and sold them, which is a crime. Although, the coupons were original but after manipulation they were considered duplicate,\" the officer added.In 2011, the company changed the design on their vouchers. \"Even after effecting this change, the store accepted the 'old vouchers'. Hence, most of the forged ones got redeemed,\" said a police source.\"There is no record of the missing vouchers, which were stolen from almost all the store's outlets,\" he added. The store's staffers are on the lookout for buyers who turn up at outlets to redeem the 'forged vouchers'. \"We want to find out from whom the vouchers were purchased,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "17093130", "title": "Naomi arrives in Jodhpur for 4-day gala event", "text": "JODHPUR: British supermodel Naomi Campbell arrived in Jodhpur on Sunday with her Russian billionaire boyfriend Vladimir Doronin, who will be celebrating his 50th birthday in Jodhpur on November 7. The couple has chosen the magnificent Mehrangarh Fort for the birthday bash, which will see close to 200 celebrities from Hollywood and modelling industry participating. The couple and the guests will be accommodated at Umaid Bhawan Palace.Sources said that the main bash will take place at the two venues of the fort -- Daulat Khana and Zenana Courtyard -- on November 6. \"The dinner will take place at Daulat Khana and a glittering musical performance will take place in Zenana Courtyard,\" said a source. The couple has planned to put together all the efforts to make this celebration a memorable event, which will be spread across four days.The entire fort has been decked up on Indian and predominantly Rajasthani theme, which is full of vibrant colours. Besides, a team of British professionals has been roped in by the organizers, who are attending to every details of decoration using their expertise in the architectural setting of the fort.The couple will enter the fort in a royal procession which will have Rajasthani folk artistes performing throughout. \"The couple is believed to have forked out nearly US$ 5,00,000 for the musical performance by Diana Ross. The guests list is also said to include Black Eyed Peas , Grace Jones , Donatella Versace , Kate Moss , Giorgio Armani and Jennifer Lopez who helped her celebrate the milestone,\" said a source.On November 7, the main function will take place at the sprawling baradari of Umaid Bhawan palace, which hosted a number of celebrity events like those of the weddings of Liz Hurley - Arun Nair and recently that of Rishika, daughter of CEO of Eros Movies, Kishore Lulla.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094358", "title": "Sniffing, racing and jumping their way to national meet", "text": "CHENNAI: Rani, Seema, Pandian and ten others are sweating it out to prove their IQ, agility and much more. Eight of them would represent Tamil Nadu at the all India police duty meet to be held in Bhopal in February next year. For now, they are sniffing, racing, jumping over obstacles and saluting to show they are the best dogs in police service.The 13 canines from the city police lined up at the armed reserve parade ground at St Thomas Mount, along with their trainers. They were given three tasks - tracking, explosive detection and narcotics detection.\"These are the three tests which will be held at the annual police duty meet. A team of dog trainers and senior police officers will select the smart ones,\" an officer said. Each test carries 400 marks in the duty meet. Besides their detection skills, marks will be given for obedience, saluting style, personality, discipline and overall smartness.A senior officer of the CB-CID, which puts together the TN team, will compile the marks scored by each dog in the tests and eight dogs will be shortlisted for travel to Bhopal.The team will reach Bhopal on February 8 and undergo a medical examination before the meet starts on February 9. Tamil Nadu has had a good record at last year's meet in Delhi. Eight-year-old Doberman Rani won the gold medal in tracking and Agni, a three-year-old Doberman, won the gold in narcotics detection.Chennai has the oldest dog squad established in 1952. Now, the Chennai squad has 13 members, including a German Shepherd (Angel), five Doberman (Rani, Daisy, Steffi, Agni and Seema) and seven Labrador (Pandian, Sasa, Tiger, Thirumalai, Lovely, Ruby and Cheran).Every year more than 100 police dogs participate in the annual police duty meet. Last year, 106 police dogs competed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095349", "title": "Hugars will get help, says CM", "text": "HUBLI: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar on Sunday promised measures to issue 2A certificate to the people of Hugar community in the state without delay.Addressing the first state convention of Hugar community here, organized by the Akhila Karnataka Hugar Mahasabha of Bangalore, the CM said there are complaints from the community that there is inordinate delay in issuing 2A certificate to the community people in all taluks. Tahsildars will be asked to make the process of issuing 2A certificate hassle-free. The government will provide more facilities for the upliftment of Hugar community, he said.On the occasion, former CM B S Yeddyurappa appealed to the people of the community to focus on educating their children compulsorily. Education is must for all communities to be in the mainstream of society. Hugar community has been neglected over the years by all governments. People should stay united and fight to get their demands fulfilled, he added. Kalagatagi MLA Santosh Lad has announced Rs 5 lakh for the betterment of the community.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093068", "title": "2 held for illegal sale of agriculture urea", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of city police raided an industrial unit in Vatva and seized 85 tons of agricultural urea being sold as industrial variety on Sunday.Police also arrested the two owners of the unit.A striking force led by sub-inspector BJ Gadhavi got a tip-off that a unit in Vatva was mixing two varieties of urea to earn profits illegally. They raided shed numbers 44, 48 and 49 in Amarnath Estate at Narol crossroads on Sunday. The sheds were owned by Kiran Chemicals, a firm promoted by brothers Rajesh Mulchandani, 46, and Deepak Mulchandani, 44.\"We roped in an agriculture department inspector and got to know that the firm had license for importing commercial urea from various countries. The firm then used to supply it to various local units. Urea is an important component in industries related to dyeing, printing, plastic, chemicals and automobiles,\" said a city police official.SG Bhati, additional commissioner of police (sector II), said, \"The owners used to print their own packaging bags, which were filled up with agricultural urea instead of the industrial variety. As the price difference between the two types is more than two to three times, they raked in huge profits. While the unit has been functioning for past four years, the duo claimed that they started this illegal supply of agricultural urea for past four months,\" he said.The team has seized 1738 urea bags of seven brands of 50 kilograms each along with the packaging material. The seized goods are worth Rs 9.89 lakh.Bhati said more arrests are possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093607", "title": "Smog screen thickens, to stay", "text": "NEW DELHI: The thick smog that settled over Delhi last Sunday is showing no signs of dissipating and has, in fact, intensified. Sunday was touted as the worst day of the week in terms of air quality as the general visibility did not go over 800m through the day and averaged about 400m. The Met department confirmed that agricultural fires in Punjab were contributing to about 20-30% of the pollution load in the city though local pollution was sufficient to have caused the smog in any case.\"The haze re-intensified on Sunday due to fresh inflow of dust and pollutants from agricultural burning from Punjab and Haryana under the influence of favourable northerly winds at lower levels. Also, local pollution added to such formation as local atmosphere was extremely stable on Sunday. The winds were calm up to a height of 4,000m on Sunday against 3,000m on Saturday,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Since around 1 am on Sunday, visibility at the IGI Airport remained below 800 m, going to a low of 300 m for a few hours after 8am. Pollution levels were also high across all parts of the city. At Punjabi Bagh, levels of particulate matter (10) till 9.30pm ranged between 653 and 904 mg/cu m against the standard of 100 mg/cu m. At Mandir Marg, PM10 was in the range of 617-953mg/cu m while at R K Puram it was between 533 and 936 mg/cu m. Levels at most places peaked between 5 and 8pm.The Met department has predicted that similar smoggy conditions are likely to remain on Monday and will gradually weaken by November 7. The haze had lifted slightly on Saturday with visibility improving to 2,000m. Officials explained that a light wind had picked up which cleared the suspended pollutants and permitted some sunlight to stream through.Jenamani added: \"This is not unusual for this time of the year when winter has still not set in and the atmosphere is stable with no vertically mixing and calm winds. But this time, in the aftermath of cyclone Nilam having crossed the south-eastern coast of India, such conditions intensified and prevailed for a long time.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17093237", "title": "Fake rubber stamp racket unearthed in Trichy", "text": "Trichy: In a shocking revelation, a gang was found to have been issuing fake documents to bail out criminals from Trichy district court for the past five years. The police arrested four persons including a mother and son and seized fake rubber stamps of government officials, documents and receipts, here on Saturday.The police arrested A Easwari, 33, at Naduvannar Pettai, M Kuraisha Begum, 55, from the same area, her son M Mohammed Kani, 32, from Subramaniapuram and college student K Shahul Hameed, 23, from Pensioner Street for issuing documents for getting bail from court. However, another accused, M Raja Mohammed, 36, the elder son of Kuraisha was absconding.The police acted on a tip-off that Easwari was issuing fake documents such as sureties to bail out criminals of various cases in Trichy district court on Saturday. During the search, the police seized 65 bogus rubber stamps of government officials like VAOs, tahsildars and magistrates, 190 fake ration cards, 34 land title books, 60 voter identity cards and around 3,600 house tax receipts for both rural and corporation areas. The investigation with Easwari revealed that she was an accused in a theft case. She was released on bail after Begum produced fake surety documents in the court in 2011. Since her release, Easwari also joined the gang and partook in the business. Based on her confession, the police arrested three person persons while a search is on to nab Raja Mohammed.Woraiyur police inspector Nixon said, \"It was the first time such a gang was arrested. The investigation uncovered that the fake documents racket was going for many years in Trichy. It was learnt that they collected around Rs 5,000 for issuing fake documents for each bail application. In the past few months, the court issued a lot of warrants for sureties as the accused released on bail failed to appear in court. But the police were shocked that many of the addresses were bogus. Since then, we had started our investigation into the matter. Meanwhile, we got a tip-off and arrested the culprits\".A police officer said they got a tip-off about the racket from Raja Mohammed following a petty quarrel with his mother Kuraisha Begum.When contacted, M Sathiyapriya, deputy commissioner of police (L&O;) told TOI, \"We are investigating about any network behind the gang across the state. Since the racket was going on for the past four years, there were chances that many accused might have been released on bail from court. We are going to write to the courts in the state to get details of accused released on bail to find out the genuineness of the documents.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093011", "title": "2,000 kids involved in begging in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: There are more than 2,000 child beggars in the slums of the state capital, if one goes by a survey non-profit organization Hifazat, which works for child protection. As per the sampling survey done around six select temples by Hifazat, a total of 187 children are involved in begging activities around those temples.Rekha Shridhar, coordinator of the organization said, \"Earlier this year, we had moved an RTI application to the social justice and the women and child development departments to access the data on child beggars. We came to know that none of the departments had any data pertaining to the children. It was after this, in April-May we undertook the survey.\"She said each temple surveyed is surrounded by five to six slums pockets in Bhopal with all the six temples surrounded by 36 slums. According to the Bhopal Municipal Corporation records, there are 380 slums in Bhopal having 1,900 children.However, referring to a study by Oxfam, she said, \"The data is an average one taken from the sampling survey. There are more 2,000 children involved in begging activities as there are 543 slums in Bhopal as per Oxfam study.\" Oxfam is an international confederation of 17 organizations focusing on poverty in more than 90 countries worldwide.\"Hifazat also undertook another survey on children in need of care and protection. The survey revealed that there are 948 child beggars. This data has been given to the district protection officer in charge of the survey by the women and child development (WCD) department,\" she added.Even though the state had enacted a legislation to control begging way back in 1973 and had established two beggars' homes in Indore and Ujjain, the structures are dilapidated, she said. Highlighting poverty as the main reason behind begging, she hinted that professional gangs are operational in the city running begging racket.\"People are not born beggars. They are victims of lack of employment opportunities in rural and urban areas. Children, especially, disabled one, are the most vulnerable one,\" she added.In March this year, Childline, an NGO, and WCD had busted a racket which exploited deaf and dumb children for begging at Niranjanpur slum area of Indore.Deputy director of WCD and in charge of the state Integrated Child Protection scheme (ICPS) Alok Sharma told TOI, \"Begging is undertaken not just by children but also by families. Hence social justice would be responsible for the same under the Madhya Pradesh Bikshavirty Nivaran Adhiniyam, 1973. Those children who are completely destitute would be taken care of by the WCD department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17095377", "title": "Helping them kick addiction", "text": "MANGALORE: Addiction to alcohol or drugs is a menace to civilized society. Many addicts find it very hard to kick their drug dependency and have lost their lives. Some even end up taking to crimes to make money to support their habit. This 66-year-old retired professor of School of Social Work (SSW), Roshni Nilaya has taken it to herself to offer such people help to shrug off their habit.For the past four decades, Hilda Rayappan has been conducting counselling session and free de-addiction camps for such people. She has established Prajna Counselling Centre (PCC), which works towards the rehabilitation of chronic alcoholics and drug addicts. PCC is also home for poor orphaned children and girls, and provides free education and food to them.Hilda, who won a fellowship of United Nations Organizations, had conducted several counselling sessions and awareness drives on the harmful effects of alcohol addiction in southeast Asian countries during her 20s. Hilda has also worked as the dean of the department of social work, St Aloysius College for three year after retiring from SSW.Hilda, who has worked as the president of Child Welfare Committee, Mangalore for six years, has also helped several school dropouts to get admissions in schools. She also assist them financially to continue their education.\"During the initial days of PCC, one foreign lady used to help us financially. Using this fund, I started helping poor school dropouts . For me life means helping the needy,\" said Hilda.At present, PCC is providing treatment to 36 poor patients, which include drunkards. \"I feel very happy, when people from well-to-do families celebrate their birthdays and other such occasions with inmates of PCC,\" she said. Currently as many as 69 social workers, a doctor, a psychiatrist, and five nurses are working with the organization.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095613", "title": "Star finds new excuse to stop 3 Kanya shows", "text": "KOLKATA: Off-screen controversies continue to add new twists to the 'shocking new thriller' in Tollywood. On Sunday, Star Theatre refused to screen '3 Kanya' on a new pretext - the movie's two-and-a-half-hour running time.An irate Agnidev Chatterjee, the film's director, has now threatened to take legal recourse after it became clear that Star Theatre was unwilling to screen the movie till the end of Kolkata Film Festival on November 17.Ranjan Ganguly, the manager of Artage, which manages Star's affairs, said on Sunday that the movie's running time and Star's \"other commitment\" appeared to be an impediment. Ganguly said they would take a fresh call after the film festival ends on November 17. However, this only adds to the mystery, for the film festival doesn't kick off until next Saturday.Chatterjee, however, was furious. \"They have signed an agreement and also downloaded the movie, where the running time is mentioned. Moreover, even after all this, they have accepted the promotional materials. There is something more to it than meets the eye. First they said the film was anti-government, now they have come up with the running time excuse. As things stand, we have no option but to seek legal help,\" said Chatterjee.The director said they were told on Sunday morning that the movie would be screened in the evening, but were later told it was being pulled off. The movie has been released in 50 cinema halls statewide without any issue.The film stars two National Award-winning Tollywood actors - Rituparna Sengupta and Ananya Chatterjee - apart from Unnati Davra from Bollywood. The film has three main characters - a sex worker who is raped by three people, a television reporter and a woman IPS officer. However, the makers deny that the film is based on the Park Street rape incident.State home secretary Basudeb Banerjee and MMiC Atin Ghosh have already gone on record rubbishing any government role in stopping the shows at Star. Ironically, education minister Bratya Basu has a cameo in the film. Star is owned by the KMC and leased out to Artage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17095645", "title": "Medical officer assaulted by NGO secy", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: Nayagram block medical officer health (BMOH) Dr Shantanu Tudu was allegedly beaten up by the secretary of an NGO when Tudu refused to sign a medical bill without verification. The doctor has lodged a complaint against the accused, Biplab Dey, but police are yet to arrest him.Dey is the secretary of Aamjam Social Welfare Society which conducts medical camps in Jangalmahal. \"The BMOH was assaulted without any reason. I asked Tudu to lodge a police complaint after I came to know of the incident. He has done the needful,\" said chief medical officer health (West Midnapore) Dr Sabitendra Patra. TNNA medical officer was allegedly beaten up by the secretary of an NGO in Nayagram on Sunday afternoon after the officer refused to sign a bill without verification. The doctor has filed a police complaint.Nayagram block medical officer health (BMOH) Dr Shantanu Tudu was attending to patients at Kharika Mathani Rural Hospital when he was approached by Biplab Dey, secretary of Aamjam Social Welfare Society. Dey wanted Tudu to sign a medical bill which would be reimbursed by the government.When Tudu asked Dey to come on Monday so that the bill could be verified, the accused turned furious and assaulted the doctor.\"The BMOH was assaulted without any reason. After I got to know about the incident I told Tudu to lodge a police complaint which he has done,\" said chief medical officer health (West Midnapore) Dr Sabitendra Patra.A medical officer was allegedly beaten up by the secretary of an NGO in Nayagram on Sunday afternoon. The doctor later filed a police complaint against the accused, Police is yet to arrest him.Nayagram Block Medical officer health (BMOH) Dr Shantanu Tudu was in Kharika Mathani Rural Hospital attending to emergency patients when he was approached by Biplab Dey. Dey is the secretary of Aamjam Social Welfare Society, a NGO that conducts mobile medical camps in parts of Jangalmahal. Dey had Tudu to sign a medical bill against which the NGO would get payment from the government.Tudu told Dey that he needed to verify the bill before putting his signature. Accordingly he asked Dey to come back on Monday. This reportedly infuriated Dey and Dey allegedly assaulted the doctor. Tudu had to be under treatment for injury.\"The BMOH was assaulted without any reason. After I got to know about the incident I told Tudu to lodge a police complaint which he has done,\" said chief medical officer health (West Midnapore) Dr Sabitendra Patra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093656", "title": "BJP to woo cane farmers with sweet promises today", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Bharatiya Janata Party will woo sugarcane farmers by promising sops to them at sugarcane farmers mahapanchayat to be held near Sisauli in Muzzafarnagar on Monday. BJP national president Nitin Gadkari , who is under fire for alleged anomalies in companies, and former UP chief minister Rajnath Singh will address the sugarcane farmers.The BJP mahapanchayat, being held a few days after Congress held a similar meet, is seen as party's attempt to grow its rural base. The saffron party so far is known as the party with an urban base.Political experts say that selection of west UP as the rally point is a strategic move for various reasons. Firstly, since BJP has been performing better in west UP as compared to east UP it can expect larger crowds at the venue.Secondly, with Kalyan set to join the BJP soon, the party will further cement its place in west UP. The party has been focusing on this region for past several years. Along with Kalyan, legislative party leader Hukum Singh, Ghaziabad MP Rajnath Singh and MLA from Meerut, Laxmikant Bajpayi, who is also state BJP president, enjoy hold over the western belt.Talking to TOI, Bajpayi said the party will reveal its schemes for farmers at the rally. These would be implemented if the party is voted to power in Lok Sabha elections. Some of them schemes include annual pension of Rs 24,000 for farmers above 60 years. Sugarcane rates would be fixed after the crop is reaped, he said, and demanded that sugarcane prices be fixed at Rs 400 per quintal.Bajpayi also demanded immediate payment of cane dues to the farmers along with interest. The BJP is also likely to raise land acquisition issue. The party leaders are likely to tell farmers that efforts will be made that agriculture lands of the farmers will not be acquired, Bajpayi said. The state BJP chief added that if any factory would be set up, then at least one member of the farmer family should be guaranteed a job in it. Similarly, if acquisition would be done for developing a land into colony, a provision would be introduced to ensure that farmers get back 20% of the developed land out of the total land acquired, he added.The BJP leaders expressed hope that at least 30,000 farmers would attend the rally. All eyes will be on Gadkari who will attend a first public meeting out of his home state after controversy surrounded him over some illegal deals in his companies especially when his Himachal Pradesh's election tour was cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094032", "title": "'Govt may take over mining companies'", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar assured the people of Sanguem that if mining companies lay off any mining staff then the government will intervene into the issue and take control of those mines concerned.During Parrikar's visit to Sanguem, mining workers from those areas, complained that they have been laid off by mining companies, after mining operations came to a halt.Parrikar was in Sanguem to review development work and solve the grievances of the people.Replying to the complaint of mining workers, Parrikar requested people to wait for a week and said, \"I will call the mine owners and discuss this issue with them and those who lay off the staff; I will take control of those mines.\"Mining operations were stopped after the Shah Commission report on illegal mining was tabled in Parliament on September 6.TOI had first reported that employees at the officer level in some companies have been directed to exhaust their leave and there have been hints of relocation to other branches. Others are being made to carry out corporate social responsibility activities.Some companies have started giving 'breaks' or laying off contract workers at the lower levels.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17097022", "title": "Stuart Broad adds to England's injury concerns", "text": "MUMBAI: England received another injury jolt after Stuart Broad complained of a discomfort in his left heel Sunday necessitating a scan.He is the second England fast bowler after Steven Finn to get injured before the first of the four-Test series gets underway, at Ahmedabad, from November 15.It has been learnt that Broad suffered bruises on his left heel during the 10 overs he bowled against Mumbai 'A' on the second day of their warm-up game at the DY Patil Stadium.According to ECB sources, Broad won't bowl or bat on Monday, the third and final day of the warm-up game even though he walked in with the team being the stand-in skipper.It has been learnt that the England Twenty20 captain will be rested for the tourists' final practice match at Ahmedabad.It should be noted that Broad sustained injuries during the World T20 in Sri Lanka even though sources confirmed that the recent incident is not a flare up of an old injury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094208", "title": "Civic body, health dept take steps to fight dengue", "text": "RANCHI: On witnessing the alarming situation of dengue spread in the state, the health department and the municipal corporation here have taken several steps to tackle the disease.District malaria officer, Anil Kumar , said: \"Awareness is important in such cases and we are trying our best to spread awareness among the general public through posters. We have also planned to rope in some NGO's to spread awareness through street corner plays and door-to-door campaigns. Letters have been forwarded to all deputy commissioners on October 31 for taking effective measures. We are also inspecting each house so that affected people can be treated. Till now we have inspected P P Compound, Hindpidhi, Kumhar Toli and other such affected areas and this started from September first week. Placards will be provided for creating awareness in households. At the Jharkhand IAS Officers Wives Association (JIASOWA) Diwali Utsav also we have tried to make people aware through posters and pamphlets.\"He said that fogging will be done by the municipal corporation here. They will also clean all such areas in the city where there are heaps of garbage placed at roadsides which are mosquito dens. The bins will be properly cleaned.\"All these steps will continue till November 15 after which as winters will set in the cases will automatically drop. A team has been created for vector surveillance which will visit various places to detect the vector. On Monday our team will also visit Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) to get information on total number of positive cases brought to the hospital and their reports will be provided on that day itself by the doctors,\" said Kumar, emphasizing on the fact that people themselves need to be aware about the disease and take preventive measures.Deputy CEO of Ranchi Municipal Corporation, Gopaljee Tiwary, said: \"Our job is to keep the city clean hence in the wake of dengue we are already doing so. We have started fogging in many areas which is done ward wise. A2Z, which is looking after cleanliness of the city on behalf of the corporation, has been directed to sprinkle bleaching powder in the drains to keep them clean. Every day two machines are being used.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094612", "title": "Will a miffed Jaipal walk out of Congress?", "text": "HYDERABAD: Jaipal Reddy has given no one the impression that he will quit the Union cabinet much less that he will quit the Congress party, but nonetheless there is much speculation to this effect in the last week after he was shunted off from the petroleum ministry. Those who have met him in the last few days say that he is incensed at his transfer and privately makes no bone in expressing his disgust at the manner in which he was kicked out. They point out that more than his 'downgrading' to the science and technology ministry, he is also upset how he is being sought to be painted as a 'villain' of the Telangana movement- as the one who has been directing the dissident Telangana Congress leaders from behind the curtains.\"If he is pushed to the corner, what does he do? Why should he allow himself to be humiliated?\" asks a politician who sympathises with him. What has sparked off speculations is that Jaipal has once quit the Congress before. Though a Congress MLA from Kalwakurthy, Jaipal quit the party in protest against the imposition of Emergency in 1975. In 1978, he contested the Lok Sabha polls unsuccessfully against Indira Gandhi from the Medak Lok Sabha seat. An atheist, he joined the Janata Party in 1977 and later went off to the Janata Dal . He came back to the Congress in 1998 after Sonia Gandhi's ascendancy in the party.But with the Congress in a state of collapse in Andhra Pradesh, he will not have much of a chance in the next election. This is especially because the people of Telangana will see him as a betrayer to the cause. Till last week, he was the only cabinet minister from Andhra Pradesh.Elected to the Lok Sabha from Chevella- a constituency whose one end includes Cyberabad - Jaipal barely managed to win the last round in 2009 after a late swing in his favor.\"The other option is that Jaipal seeks retirement and fades out like retired generals do,\" says an AP Congressman. Although he is handicapped by polio stricken legs that makes him dependent on crutches, Jaipal is seen as too ambitious to call it a day at seventy, when somebody like the Prime Minister is past eighty. \"But the problem is that neither has Jaipal made money, nor has he earned any goodwill by doing anybody's work. Who will give him money to launch a political front?\" a Congressman sympathetic to him says. Jaipal is also seen as somebody who does not take quick decisions - in fact he is reputed to agonise endlessly before taking a decision.Thus he is seen as too old to go for the kill and has not been able to become the chief minister even though it is believed that he has wished to become so for the last three years. For the record, the idea of propping up Kiran Reddy against Jagan was first thought up by Jaipal. But he could never reconcile himself with Kiran's elevation as chief minister. Sources say that Kiran now feels that Jaipal is propping up the Telangana lobby against him and has also complained to the bosses in Delhi about this.Analysts say that if Jaipal was smart, he would have refused to go to the science ministry and instead offered his full time services to revive the Congress in the state. This would have put his detractors on the wrong foot and would have been seen as an affirmative action from him. Jaipal Reddy, who describes himself as a secular fundamentalist, was unavailable for comments about his plans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093104", "title": "Bodies found on tracks near Raslakhedi", "text": "BHOPAL: Three mutilated bodies, including that of a minor and a woman, were recovered on the railway tracks near village Raslakhedi here late on Saturday. The identities of the deceased were yet to be ascertained.The deceased included a man, 30 to 35 years of age, a woman, around 28 to 30 years and a minor boy of around 10 years of age. The bodies were spotted on tracks near pole number 842 on the up line of the Bhopal Vidisha tracks. All the bodies were lying on the tracks within a distance of 75 to 100 meters, the police said.According to police, a gangman first spotted the mutilated bodies and informed the police. Subsequently, a police team went to the spot and recovered the bodies for autopsy. \"Although, the three deceased appeared to be a family, we have to first ascertain their identities to come to any conclusion,\" said city superintendent of police, Rashmi Mishra.The police have denied recovering any railway ticket, luggage, or any other document that could help in ascertaining their identities. The officials said they have recovered some money.They also found 'Jai Maharashtra', 'Patlipada' and 'Raja Sarang' written on the T-shirt the man was wearing. The minor boy was wearing a locket of Sai Baba while the woman was wearing a yellow saree, the officials added.Investigations are on in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "in the discovery of india, jawaharlal nehru recollects his last meeting with poet mohammed iqbal a few months before the latter's death in lahore in 1938. nehru says that an ailing iqbal, comparing him with jinnah, had remarked", "code": "17093053", "title": "'Iqbal never demanded separate home for Muslims outside India'", "text": "In The Discovery of India, Jawaharlal Nehru recollects his last meeting with poet Mohammed Iqbal a few months before the latter's death in Lahore in 1938. Nehru says that an ailing Iqbal, comparing him with Jinnah, had remarked: \"Jinnah is a politician and you are a patriot.\"While that should have silenced Iqbal's critics in India who continue to blame him for coming up with the idea of Pakistan, the poet who paid tribute to India's multiculturalism, called Lord Ram Imam-e-Hind (Leader of India) and celebrated its eternal beauty through numerous poems, including Sare Jahan Se Achcha, is still a pariah in India. How else does one explain the country's collective amnesia about him on his birth anniversary (November 9)? While the government has completely forgotten Iqbal, the public at large also seems to be abandoning him. Barring Dongri-based think-tank Urdu Markaz, which is planning to celebrate an Iqbal Week through lectures, mushaira and singing of Iqbal's poetry, Mumbai too is choosing to ignore the poet's birth anniversary.Ignorance combined with doctored history has misled even many educated Indians to believe that the once great patriot later turned fanatical and chose Islamic Pakistan over secular India. The late scholar Rafiq Zakaria was shocked when Pramod Mahajan, then general secretary of the BJP, at a seminar at Nehru Centre in 1990, said that \"a great Indian Muslim like Iqbal who penned Sare Jahan Se Achcha later divided India\". \"I reminded Mahajan of his ignorance and decided that very day to try and set the record straight,\" writes Zakaria in Iqbal: The Poet And Politician. The book not only details Iqbal's love and admiration for India's iconic figures like Ram, Guru Nanak, Swami Ram Teerath and classical poets Vishwamitra and Bhartrahari but also traces the reasons for hatred against the poet.The seed that sowed doubt about Iqbal's patriotism was in his 1930 presidential address at the Allahabad session of the Muslim League. Addressing a motley crowd at an old haveli, Iqbal proposed the creation of a Muslim province within the Indian federation, comprising the Muslim-dominated areas of Punjab, North-West Frontier, Sindh and Balochistan. \"Iqbal never demanded a separate home for Muslims outside India. He didn't include the Indians of Bengal or Central India,\" says Abdul Haq, Urdu scholar and professor emeritus at Delhi University . \"In Independent India too, we have given special status to some north-eastern states and Jammu &amp; Kashmir to safeguard their unique culture. Iqbal's demand should have been seen in that spirit.\" Haq admits that since Iqbal's formulation suited the supporters of Pakistan, they lapped it up and declared him as the \"ideological father\" of the country-which too made him a detested figure among many Indians.Mumbai-based Urdu scholar Abdus Sattar Dalvi, who translated Zakaria's book on Iqbal into Urdu, argues that years before Iqbal uttered the controversial plan at Allahabad, nationalist leader Lala Lajpat Rai had written a series of articles in Tribune favouring the creation of a separate Muslim state within India, comprising the Muslim-dominated north-west provinces. \"Why doesn't anyone question Lala's patriotism for his views?\" asks Dalvi.Most scholars agree that as a politician Iqbal was a big failure. But that doesn't undermine his contribution as one of India's greatest poets. Anwar Pasha, professor of Urdu at Jawaharlal Nehru University, says that even if Pakistan regards Iqbal as its founding father, India should not abandon him as he championed our struggle against foreign rule. Iqbal, says Pasha, attacked both Hindu and Muslim fanaticism, ridiculed orthodox mullahs and pandits and exhorted not only Indians but Asians against western imperialism. Acknowledging Iqbal's contributions, poet-freedom fighter Sarojni Naidu had called Iqbal the \"poet laureate of Asia\".Iqbal fought communalism-attacking fundamentalist Hindus for questioning Muslims' loyalty to India, he wrote: Patthar ki moorton mein samjha hai tu khuda hai/khak-e-watan ka mujhko har zarra devta hai (For you god is in stone's idol/To me every particle of the country's soil is a deity). Although he used Islamic metaphors extensively in his poetry, Iqbal attacked the sloth-filled Muslim masses and supremacist, narrow-minded clergy.However, he also received flak from a section for using Islamic metaphors extensively during his later years. Many even called him \"reactionary\". \"He did have a streak of pan-Islamism in him. But the charge that he became a poet of Islam is wrong. The poetry of Kalidas and Tulsidas is inspired by Hindu mythology. Just as we don't call them communal Hindu poets, it is unfair to call Iqbal a fundamentalist Muslim poet,\" says Mumbai-based Urdu critic Fuzail Jafri.Perhaps those ignoring the poet's birth anniversary would do well to heed Tagore's words: \"India just cannot afford to ignore Iqbal whose poetry has universal appeal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093869", "title": "Nagpur University to conduct dept enquiry against BEd college principal", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University (NU) will be conducting departmental enquiry against the principal of Barrister Sheshrao Wankhade Education College for alleged financial irregularities. Replying to Senate query by Gurudas Kamdi, vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal stated that necessary action would be taken if principal Vandana Manapure was found guilty. The House was also informed that Manapure has resigned on November 1.On March 13 this year, TOI had given a detailed report on the alleged illegalities committed by Manapure, who failed to conduct assessment of salary grants for over a decade. Citing Management Council member Mahendra Nimbarte, TOI had exposed how she misled the NU by showing purchase of an antivirus for a staggering Rs68,000 in the audit report when the market price of the software was around Rs500-Rs1,000. She had also shown an expenditure of Rs2 lakh for a picnic that was organized at a nearby place and for a get-together. She had failed to provide details of these expenditures.Task Force to inspect BEd collegesIn reply to another query, NU informed that it will constitute a task force for inspecting BEd colleges operating without principals and teachers. PM Mohitkar informed the House that about 34 colleges are operating in NU without a single full-time principal or lecturer, while 54 have regular heads. He asked the NU administration as to how it will get good teachers in this situation.He claimed that the NU had failed to take any action against these colleges despite directives from the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court. It was only after Supreme Court's verdict that deadline to fill-up principals posts was cancelled. But the apex court had made it clear that process of appointment of principals should continue for improving the quality of education.Extra fees to be repaidNU will be repaying extra fees it charged from the students who appeared in its various examinations conducted by the university in summer this year. In reply to a query by Shriram Bhuskute, NU stated that students were charged the extra fees while filing up the exam forms as per Management Council's decision in 2007 to increase this fees by 20% every year.Since the fees have doubled in five years, students were finding it difficult as they were made to pay the full amount even if they failed in one subject. After much uproar, panel led by Management Council member Abhijit Wanjari gave recommendation for discontinuing this hike. Accordingly, VC Sapkal had kept the fee hike notification in abeyance. By that time, NU had charged extra fees from some students. Pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie informed that the fees will be reimbursed to the colleges from where students can get the refund.Expert panel for gardens in NU campusBCUD director Arvind Chaudhary informed that NU will constitute an expert panel for revival of gardens in the campus. He was replying to a query by Bhuskute regarding expenditure of Rs6.69 lakh incurred for a garden set up by former VC SN Pathan for endangered varieties of plants. However, dense shrubs had grown there due to lack of maintenance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17093241", "title": "Solution in sight to ONGC-farmers' tussle over oil leak", "text": "Trichy: A solution to the longstanding problem of providing compensation to the Keezhvelur farmers in Nagapattinam district as per an agreement reached between them and ONGC last year for the crude-sullied fields seems to be in sight.According to ONGC's Karaikkal-based spokesman, Kunjiraman, a meeting had been called between the revenue officials headed by RDO Manikandan and ONGC representatives at 10 am on Monday to arrive at a solution. Kunjiraman said the company would come out with a clarification after the meeting on Monday to fix compensation once and for all.The oil that leaked over the years from the ruptured underground pipes had time and again played havoc with farmlands. Though the 20-year-old pipelines had been replaced with newer lines this September, the spilled oil that had accumulated beneath the ground intermittently surfaced onto the fields during rains. On Saturday, a 100-acre stretch of directly sown samba fields in Keezhvelur taluk wore a bronzed look after the fields caught fire in the scorching sun. Locals said poor people who were in the habit of easing themselves along the fields might have dropped a few matchsticks and might have triggered the fire.Meanwhile, the Cauvery Farmers' Protection Association head Dhanapalan was still on the war path on Sunday evening. He said he had not been intimated about the proposed meeting, and even if he was called to attend the meeting on Monday, he would not.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093425", "title": "Man cuts own tongue to pacify estranged wife", "text": "INDORE: Upset over living separately from his wife, a 30-year-old man Banti Verma cut his tongue a few days ago in Sendhwa to appease her. The couple had a tiff three months ago following which Verma's wife reportedly left him and went to live with parents at Mandaleshwar. Disappointed at his wife's unwillingness to come back due to his use of crude language, Verma apparently 'punished' himself on Tuesday.Verma, a resident of Mechanic Nagar in Sendhwa, reportedly went to his in-laws house to take her back. She, however, refused to come. Even her family members did not support him, according to police. In a letter, Verma said he loved his wife and daughter and did not want to live separately. He wrote that he has decided to 'punish' himself by slashing his tongue as his wife was unhappy with his rough language.Verma was rushed to a local hospital after the incident. He is still undergoing treatment. Police are investigating the case.Verma's wife is a teacher in a primary school. Talking to TOI over phone, Sendhwa police in charge Ramesh Jevari said the couple had a love marriage around six years ago. They too have a four-year-old daughter. This was Verma's second marriage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093887", "title": "Workshop on disease control", "text": "ALLAHABAD: To commemorate 125th year of the University of Allahabad, the Parasitology laboratory, Department of Zoology has organised twin events-a national workshop on Capacity Building in Disease Control and Sustenance and mini symposium on Parasitic Diseases frk November 5 to 7 .Three Vice Chancellors, three directors and additional directors, government of India, Director, Higher Education (UP), 250 scientists and younger scientists with villagers will interact on the occasion in an effort to strengthen next generation technologically skilled components in the most modern biotechnologica) aspects to improve conditions of health and hygiene in society. Dr B Vishnu Bhat Fisheries development commissioner, New Delhi will be the chief guest. Prof V K Jain vice chancellor Doon University, Dehradun , V C Goel vice chancellor Meerut University and Prof H R Singh FMR Vice Chancellor, the University of Allahabad would be the guests of honours. Prof A K Sharma director of the Central Inland Fisheries Research Institute, Barrackpore (W.B.), Prof. R S Chauhan Fmr. Director, Fisheries, Uttarakhand , and Prof Joy Dev Mitra director, Higher education (UP), Dr Kailash Chandra additonal director, Zoological Survey of India, Kolkata will be the other guests amongst luminaries in academics like Prof Ummey Shameem Fmr. Head, Department of Zoology, Vishakhapatnam (AP), will also attend. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095532", "title": "Cong asks for more funds for Kumbh Mela", "text": "NASHIK: A delegation of city Congress met Union urban development minister Dipadas Munshi in New Delhi on Saturday to ask for more funds for the Simhastha Kumbh Mela.With the Simhastha Kumbh Mela slated for 2014-15 , the Congress delegation asked for the funds to be increased for the development works. \"We did not suggest any figure for excess funds but since a lot of work needs more funds, we have asked for it,\" said city president of Congress Akash Chhajed.He said that the delegation also suggested that the centre appoint a committee to monitor and control the usage of funds for Simhastha Kumbh Mela. \"This is to maintain transparency and ensure the funds are used in the right manner for the Kumbh Mela works,\" said the city president.The delegation was led by member of legislative council Jaiprakash Chhajed, city president Akash Chhajed, city Congress president of the women's wing Vatsala Khaire, corporators Yogita Aher, Rahul Dive, Kanhaiya Salve, Nirmala Kharde, Sevadal President Rajendra Mahale, Ramprasad Katkade, Vijay Raut and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17094333", "title": "Bhubaneswar set to kick start pre-paid auto service", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Taking a cue from Cuttack, the state government has decided to introduce pre-paid auto-rickshaw service at the railway station and Biju Patnaik Airport in Bhubaneswar. A preparatory meeting is scheduled to be held at the police commissioner's office here on Monday in this regard.Police sought feedback of transport, railway and airport officers for smooth conduct of the proposed service. \"Pre-paid auto service is doing well in Cuttack. After an inter-departmental meeting, we will also hold discussions with auto-rickshaw associations in the city prior to the launch of the service,\" twin city commissioner of police Sunil Roy told TOI on Sunday.\"From the security point of view, it is a viable public transport system because the pre-paid ticket will bear details about the driver in case he misbehaves with passengers,\" the police commissioner added.Nearly 17,000 autos ply the city streets on any given day. Commuters have been complaining against auto drivers charging arbitrary fares. Commuters are hopeful the service will provide relief from the problem of haggling with drivers. \"It will indeed be a big relief. Like city buses, the autos should have a uniform rate,\" said Hrushikesh Routrai, a city resident.\"In consultation with the transport department and auto associations, we will bring out a uniform rate chart,\" Roy assured. Pre-paid ticket counters will be set up at the railway station and airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095009", "title": "Lady Shri Ram College students work on business model for corporate social responsibility initiatives", "text": "Students of Delhi University's (DU) Lady Shri Ram (LSR) College are busy working on excel sheets for their innovation project. The university had introduced the theme, 'innovation projects' earlier this year. The project taken up by the college's commerce department \u00e2\u20ac\u201d corporate social responsibility (CSR) of multi-national companies (MNCs) \u00e2\u20ac\u201d involves research, preparing database, statistical analysis, field work and concluding recommendations, to be applied as a business model.It is a student-faculty interdisciplinary project, with 10 students and four faculty members , at the end of which students receive credit points for their work. According to Jyotsna Rajan, head of the commerce department, LSR College , the objective of the scheme is to bring about an innovation in the said field. The project aims to create awareness about the social responsibility of corporates and to bring the academic and the corporate world on the same platform.She further says, \"For this project, we have tied up with five corporate companies including Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), SRF Limited, Larsen &Toubro; (L&T;), JSW and Ballarpur Industries Limited (BILT). Students will be doing hands-on study and a couple of field trips where these firms have their CSR initiatives in various sectors like education, banking, etc. It is a learning opportunity and students have learnt research methodology in the process.\" This student-faculty partnership will study and analyse the co-relation between MNCs and their beneficiaries (through CSR), with the help of the statistical department of the college.\"Under the project , we get an insight into the contemporary CSR activities, theories and concepts of these firms. It involves a lot of secondary research and preparing of questionnaires to get information from the grassroots level and field visits. We will be going to Mewat soon for a CSR initiative in the education sector, targeting underprivileged children,\" says Neha Trivedi, a second-year B Com (H) student and project member. The exposure gained in field trips to remote villages and tribal areas adds on to subject knowledge, while working on real data gets interesting through balance sheets and principles of accounts . The conclusion of the project will be utilised by companies as an innovative working business model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17095251", "title": "Students take the chess route to sharpen their skills", "text": "BELGAUM: This November, thousands of school students in Belgaum are set to sharpen their thinking and improve their IQ.Chess is the new mantra the education department is chanting to enhance students' concentration. All the 1,400 schools in Belgaum have been directed to observe November as 'Chess Month'. Deputy director of public instruction Diwakar Shetty has instructed block education officers (BEOs) and school heads to purchase at least two chessboards, and ensure that children are taught chess during the time allotted for games.\"Students of Class V already have a lesson on chess, so it should not be difficult for them to understand the game. When this was brought to the notice of primary and secondary education minister Visveswar Hegde Kageri, he gave us the green signal. As far as the cost is concerned, it will be meager,\" Shetty said.The students from class four to 10 will benefit the most from this. Belgaum city BEO A B Pundalik said he plans to call a meeting of all the head masters to brief them about the programme.Given the numerous studies that have indicated the benefits of playing chess, psychiatrists also feel the programme would benefit children. \"A number of studies in the West have shown that playing chess aids not only early development of the brain but also helps build character and contributes to overall classroom performance. Chess helps to elaborate exact methods of thinking. It also improves concentration and enhances skills of visualisation by imagining a sequence of actions before it happens\" said psychiatrist Dr Rajendra Kumar Katte.Gujarat and Tamil Nadu governments have already introduced chess in the school curriculum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095534", "title": "75-yr-old killed on highway", "text": "NASHIK: A 75-year-old woman, Sarubai Sitaram Nikam, was killed on Saturday in a container mishap. The incident took place on Saturday when Sarubai was waiting for a city bus at Mohadi stop near Adgaon on Mumbai-Agra Highway when the driver of a container parked on the highway suddenly reversed, crushing her. The driver is absconding.Two motorcycles stolenTwo motorcycles worth Rs 40,000 were reported stolen in separate incidents in the city on Saturday. A Bajaj motorcycle, worth Rs 25,000, belonging to Shankar Murtadak, resident of Krishnanagar in Panchvati, was stolen around 7.30pm on Saturday.In another incident, a Bajaj motorcycle, worth Rs. 15,000, belonging to Sachin Borse, resident of Sainagar in Panchvati, was stolen around 5pm on Tuesday.Rs 1L gold ornaments snatchedGold ornaments worth Rs 1 lakh, belonging to Shubhada Deshpande, resident of Motwani Road, were snatched on Saturday. The incident took place when Deshpande was on her way to Kulthe Mangal Karyalay, Nashik Road. Two 'fake' cops told her to put her gold ornaments in a purse. When Deshpande was putting away her ornaments, the duo snatched them and ran away from there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958774", "title": "Proven ways to attract the opposite sex", "text": "Can't seem to find a date? Here are proven ways by experts that make men more attractive to the opposite sexIt takes more than just good looks to woo a woman, but having the looks of a Greek god doesn't hurt either. If you have been languishing at bars hoping for a woman to return your seductive glance, there must be something you are doing wrong. With science on your side, thankfully reconstructing your face is not the only option. Here are five ways researchers have proven that will have women going gaga over you.Attitude matters A woman can determine what kind of relationship you are looking for from your attitude . If you smile a lot and are a warmer person during a date, women take that as an indicator that you are looking for a long-term relationship. So if you are dating a woman for the long haul, be nice. The contrary is true too.A study showed women photographs of men who seemed disinterested and distracted during a date. The men who look like they don't care were picked by those who were looking for a fling. So if you are looking for a great night out with a woman, just be sure to be a little moody.Smell nice, but just right Now everyone knows that a woman loves a man who smells good. But studies say that you should not overdo it. The study in question has found that women subconsciously determine whether a man is genetically compatible with her through her sense of smell. So, in order to ensnare a woman who you think is attractive, you should wear a light cologne so that your natural odour can come through. That does not translate into not taking bath before a date.Get some definition to your jaw Not everyone is born with a Brad Pitt jaw line. Thank god for facial hair. Researchers have found that women who are in the most fertile phase of their cycle prefer men with chiseled jaw lines. Men with weak chins can use facial hair to give your face more definition.V for victory Most men know of the 0.7 waist to hip ratio that is supposed to set men's toungues wagging. Research has shown that women too have a number on their mind. Studies have shown that the women love Vshaped bodies on men, and the ideal waist-to-hip ratio is between 0.9 to 1. Now, to achieve this in the long run, you need to hit the gym. But if you are too lazy, or work takes up too much of your time, try using your clothes to do the same. The easiest way to make is to fake it. So, don't buy suits off the shelf, get them tailored to give the impression that you have broader shoulders. To slim your torso, try v-neck tops.It's all in the symmetry Studies say that women don't really care if a man has facial hair or not, as long as you stick to your look. Like with everything else, this too points a primeval understanding of the opposite sex. A man who is symmetrical looking, is considered to be a healthier mate. Play around with your facial hair, but keep things even. If you are going for a clean shaven look, be sure not to keep patches of hair on your face, or if you have a goatee, shave off the surrounding hair. The point is to balance both the halves of your face. For the more adventurous, try tweezing your eyebrows. It will hurt, but science says it's worth the pain.mirrorfeedback@indiatimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098377", "title": "Kiran Janjani &amp; Surbhi Prabhu in Shapath", "text": "Fireworks Production's Hum Ne Li Hai... Shapath on Life OK is gearing up for a action packed Diwali episode which will mark the debut of Kiran Janjani and Surbhi Prabhu on TV.Sources inform that the episode of the show will revolve around the Hindi film industry. Actor Kiran Janjani will play the role of a film producer. Whereas, Surbhi Prabhu, who is a popular south Indian actress is also making her TV debut with Shapath. Surbhi will play the role of an actress who is involved in drugs activities.The shooting for the episode is currently on and it is said to one of the biggest and grand episodes of Shapath.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094349", "title": "Dredging machine washes ashore due to bad weather", "text": "CHENNAI: The biggest casualty of cyclone Nilam was the oil tanker MT Prathiba Cauvery which ran aground. Another victim of the cyclone was a 60-ton section of a dredging machine, which washed ashore at Nemeli, along East Coast Road.The machine was laying pipelines in the sea for a desalination plant. The part that washed ashore was found by locals at Pattipulam village, about 6km from the plant site, on Wednesday.Metrowater officials and the project contractor visited the spot on Wednesday after fishermen and employees of Off Road Sports, an all-terrain vehicle track, informed them about the machinery washing ashore. They left the machine at the spot as the sea continued to be rough through the weekend. However, they removed the pumps and diesel generators and tied the section to poles and concrete slabs on the beach.But the machinery has been drifting out due to huge waves. \"On Sunday, the machinery moved further out to the sea,\" said Sunder Ganesh, proprietor of Off Road Sports.Metrowater officials said that the 533.33 crore-project was given to V A Tech Wabag Limited, in a consortium with IDE Technologies in Israel, to build the plant while Larsen and Toubro is laying drinking water pipelines and installing tanks.\"The trial run of the plant is underway to ensure that it can start working by January. The equipment belongs to the contractor and he will take care of it,\" said a Metrowater official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098263", "title": "Neha Janpandit to enter Rab Se Sohna Isshq?", "text": "Jay Mehta Production's love triangle saga Rab Se Sohna Isshq which was launched with much pomp and fanfare failed to deliver numbers. However, the makers of the show are leaving no stone unturned to make the plot spicy and interesting.Now, in an attempt to make the upcoming track exciting and gripping a new character will be introduced on the show. We hear that Neha Janpandit, last seen in Shubh Vivah will enter the show soon.Sources inform that Neha has been roped in to play the role of Daljit's (Kannan Malhotra) boss. She will be paired opposite Daljit later on the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098909", "title": "Kovai on retro mode", "text": "As Mrs Robinson... and Slip Sliding Away... buzzed in the air, music enthusiasts got up from their seats and joined Mark John Nataraj and Ivan Enos, who belted out these old classical numbers with elan at the Simon and Garfunkel Night, held in the city recently. It was not very long ago Kovai danced to the tunes of the legendary Beatles too. As we hear that a country music night is also in the pipeline, it looks like namma Kovai is gradually turning into a retro fortress.So, why is Coimbatore suddenly welcoming English classics with arms wide open? KV Siddhartha, member of the city's art and theatre society, says, \"We always wanted to create a stir in the otherwise sleepy town. The 60's and 70's music have some meaningful lyrics and is a treat to listen to when compared to the contemporary music. Live art is also dying a silent death as youngsters are keyed into electronic gadgets for their dose of music. That's when we decided to come up with something unique and zeroed in on these retro nights, where people get a taste of the old classics, live.\"Mark John Nataraj, lead guitarist of the band Avyaktha, who performed at these events, says, \"The crowd was pretty decent and they were singing along with us with insane energy. Families, foreigners and teenagers, were all spotted enjoying the music with equal gusto. Coimbatore has immense potential for retro nights.\"DJ Harsh Lulka, however, says that Kovai has always been a retro stronghold and that it's not a new phenomenon. \"Music enthusiasts here have always loved classical Bollywood and Kollywood songs. With Beatles and Simon and Garfunkel nights too in vogue , the city is opening up to the old English classics. There are many takers for Abba , Queen , Rolling Stones and Bob Dylan too.\"While some turn up to soak in the music, others use these nights as a platform to meet people from different spheres of life. \"People become friends at these dos, as they bond over good music, food and karaoke. And it's not only the city crowd that throngs these concerts, music buffs from neighbouring places like Palghat, Pollachi and Masinagudi also turn up. Tourists usually attend these concerts and then head to Ooty for a holiday,\" says Siddhartha.But the biggest grouse among organizers is that these nights are not really pulling in the young crowd. Harsh explains, \"Since a majority of the crowd that turns up for these events are in the median age of 35, youngsters in the city prefer to be with their peer group. That's precisely the reason they prefer EDM and club nights, which play contemporary music. Dappankuthu is an all time hit among youngsters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17099064", "title": "Scherzinger-Tulisa go head to head on X Factor", "text": "Nicole Scherzinger and Tulisa Contostavlos, who step out onto the 'X Factor' stage every week dressed to nines and fighting to be crowned the most fashionable judge, put their best foot forward when it came to their style choices this week.Both looked stunning in their dresses, with the former Pussycat Doll opting for a sexy leather dress, while the N-Dubz star sparkled from top to toe in a lilac sequin number, the Daily Mail reported.Scherzinger decided to bare some skin in the strapless dress designed by Ermanno Scervino , which featured ruffles in the waistline that accentuated her great shape.She teamed up the sexy little black dress with shoes by Giuseppe Zanotti and got into the English spirit, as she pinned a poppy on her neckline.Meanwhile, Tulisa stole the spotlight with a feminine dress designed by Jovani.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095028", "title": "40 kids escape in toy train mishap", "text": "BANGALORE: Forty children enjoying their ride in a toy train had a miraculous escape after one of its wheels careened off the rails at Dr Rajkumar Park on Sunday evening.However, the alert driver brought the train to a halt, preventing any casualties. One of the bogies, too, jerked to a halt without toppling, BBMP officials said.Dr Rajkumar Park at Hanumanthnagar is also known as Jinke Park (deer park). The accident happened at 7.30pm, the officials said, and attributed it to the wheel going out of alignment. Jinke Park's toy train is modelled on Putaani Express of Cubbon Park. Though in the pipeline for a few years, the train developed teething problems and started operations two months ago.Confirming the accident, Kempegowda Nagar police said no one was injured. Though most of the track is on an elevated section, the accident happened on a stretch along the ground, they added.BBMP officials said the service has been discontinued till further notice. Corporator K Chandrashekar, however , said the accident was a minor one and train services resumed within minutes. He said the train was operated by a contractor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17095121", "title": "NASA SMS to help spot ISS as it passes your house", "text": "WASHINGTON: You can now spot the International Space Station (ISS) commanded by Indian-American astronaut Sunita Williams without a telescope as it passes your house, thanks to Nasa's new SMS service . \"Spot the Station\" will send you a text message as the ISS passes over your house.The International Space Station is the third brightest object in the sky after the Sun and the Moon, however, most people still cannot tell where the orbiting laboratory is.Nasa will send an email or text message to those who sign up for the service a few hours before they will be able to see the space station, the US space agency said in a statement.Once you know where to look, people should be able to see it easily - even without a telescope. The service was launched to celebrate the 12th anniversary of crews living and working aboard the station presently.Rare space photos up for auctionThousands of rare photographs recording the early days of manned flight into space and rivalry between the US and erstwhile USSR are estimated to fetch \u00c2\u00a3480,000 at an auction this month. The collection of 4,500 pictures will be sold at an auction in Vienna. The photos have been amassed by a European collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "west midnapore", "code": "17095703", "title": "Tipsy jumbos on the rampage", "text": "WEST MIDNAPORE: When human beings get tipsy, they either speak gibberish or land up in a brawl. But when elephants get high on liquor, they end up wreaking havoc.Such was the sight at Dumurkota village where a herd of 50-odd inebriated jumbos ransacked three houses and damaged paddy crops on Sunday. The strong smell of Mahua drink drew the elephants out of the forest and they raided the shop selling the drink. The herd wasn't happy even after guzzling down 18 containers of Mahua and ransacked the adjoining huts in search of more.But the villagers had gathered by then and they managed to drive away the jumbos. \"We are trying to push the herd back and get it to cross the Kangsabati river,\" said Midnapore DFO Asish Samanat. TNNHigh on country liquor, an elephant herd created havoc in Dumurkota village under Kotwali police station in the wee hours of Sunday. The strong smell of the Mahua drink drew about 50 elephants from the nearby jungle. They first raided a shop that sells the drink. After finishing the stock of about 18 containers of the liquor, they wanted more.The herd then raided three houses near the shop hoping to find more drink. By this time villagers had gathered and they managed to drive away the elephants to the jungle. Till late evening forest officials were trying to get the elephants cross the Kangsabati river.\"The herd also destroyed paddy fields. We are trying to push them back and get them cross the Knagsbati river,\" said Asish Samanat, divisional forest officer (DFO) (Midnapore)According to forest officials, the 50 elephants were part of a 120 strong herd that has come from Damla on Friday night.\"We are asking the villagers to co-operate with us in sending the elephants back to Dalma,\" said assistant DFO (Rupnarayan) Bikash Chakraborty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17095138", "title": "Yuvraj Singh set for English test", "text": "MUMBAI: After undergoing treatment for cancer, making a fairytale comeback in the recent World Twenty20, and then proving his appetite for the longer format with a double century in the Duleep Trophy, left-hand batsman Yuvraj Singh appears all set for a Test return.The newly-appointed selection committee, led by Sandeep Patil, will meet at the BCCI headquarters on Monday to pick a 15-member squad for the first match of the four-Test series against England, starting November 15. Yuvraj's current form with both bat and ball and his return to full fitness is likely to be on top of their minds.Yuvraj smashed an unbeaten 208 last month for North Zone in a Duleep Trophy match against Central, laying claim for a Test berth, after last playing the format exactly a year ago against the visiting West Indies side.India captain MS Dhoni had recently said that Yuvraj's Test selection depended on how exactly the southpaw manages to prove his match fitness and Yuvraj seems to have done that fine, by first playing the Duleep Trophy, then for India 'A' against England.If Yuvraj comes back, it is most likely to happen at the expense of another left-hander Suresh Raina , who had been part of the team that played against New Zealand at home in September.In fact, Yuvraj and Raina playing for India 'A' against the visiting England side had been billed as a contest to decide who makes it to the Test team as the Number 6 batsman. Yuvraj's half-century and a five-wicket haul seems to have turned the tide in his favour.It's a different matter if selectors decide to keep Raina in place of S Badrinath (who replaced VVS Laxman against New Zealand.However, Raina is likely to face competition from Manoj Tiwary. Ajinkya Rahane , who struck a century in the Ranji opener against Railways , will retain his spot in 15 as the third opener.The injury scares to opener Virender Sehwag and pacer Zaheer Khan are not serious to spoil their Test preparations. Opening for Delhi in the Ranji clash against Uttar Pradesh on Saturday, Sehwag suffered a cut on his right index finger but later came out to bat at No. 6 and gave middle-order batsman Mithun Manhas some company at the crease. The brief stint was an indication that the injury is a minor one and he will be fit for the first Test, which is 11 days away.Similarly, Zaheer, who picked a wicket with the new ball in Mumbai's Ranji game against Railways, pulled out of the attack post tea and walked back to the dressing room after a brief chat with teammates Sachin Tendulkar and Ajit Agarkar . Later, Agarkar said the bowler had only pulled up sore and wanted to take it easy, adding that Zaheer will return to bowl on Monday morning.Yuvraj aside, the core team that was part of the playing eleven against New Zealand is unlikely to change. However, minor replacements are likely in the squad of 15.Leg-spinner Piyush Chawla , who played against New Zealand, is still to finish his rehab but will be replaced only if selectors insist on a third full-time spinner. However, Harbhajan Singh and Amit Mishra's lack of form could pose a worry for the wise men.Pacer Ishant Sharma, who has been blowing hot and cold in the domestic circuit, may make way for Ashok Dinda who has been in excellent form, if the selectors opt for a fresh change.THE SURETIESBatsmen: Virender Sehwag, Gautam Gambhir, Sachin Tendulkar, Cheteshwar Pujara, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, Ajinkya Rahane.Wicket-keeper, captain: Mahendra Singh Dhoni .Bowlers: Zaheer Khan, Umesh Yadav , R Ashwin, Pragyan Ojha.IN CONTENTION...If selectors opt for third full-time spinner, Amit Mishra or Harbhajan may replace Piyush Chawla. Ishant Sharma has been in poor form. Will the selectors look at an in-form Ashok Dinda? S Badrinath, who replaced VVS Laxman when the latter retired, is likely to be dropped. Manoj Tiwary , Suresh Raina, Irfan Pathan are in contention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094532", "title": "North station to get new auto counter", "text": "KOCHI: Traffic police will set up a prepaid auto counter at the eastern entrance of the Ernakulam Town railway station to address the issue of excess fare charged by auto drivers.Police admitted that on an average, they received around 10 such complaints from passengers every month. The average daily passenger movement at the station is 10,000.Police have already approached railways seeking permission to demarcate land for setting up the counter.\"We have decided to set up the prepaid counter at the eastern entrance following repeated complaints from passengers. We have identified the area,\" said assistant commissioner (Traffic East) K S Baby Vinod.Area manager of Southern Railway (Ernakulam) P L Ashok Kumar said that engineers are preparing a sketch for the counter that would be submitted within three days.\"The sketch would be sent to divisional office for approval,\" he said.Only 15 autos can park at the eastern entrance though around 50 autos operate from the stand. All Kerala Railway Passengers Association said that passengers also face certain other problems.\"Apart from overcharging, auto drivers are reluctant to accept short trips,\" said general secretary of the association Mathew Paul adding that it would bring a huge relief to passengers as traffic is regulated through the North railway over-bridge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098237", "title": "Party in Halloween style", "text": "PYTs trooped into a five-star property to have a good Saturday night, Halloween style. The dress code for the night was black and white, which most of the guests adhered to.Dub step music and tracks like Gangnam style and Don't stop the party ensured there wasn't a dull moment on the dance floor. \"I am loving the party. Kolkata is finally waking up to Halloween,\" said Ronak Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093069", "title": "Nitin Gadkari compares IQ of Swami Vivekananda with Dawood Ibrahim", "text": "BHOPAL: In the midst of a controversy for his business connections, BJP national leader Nitin Gadkari on Sunday evening courted fresh dispute after he compared the intelligent quotients (IQ) of Swami Vivekananda with that of underworld don Dawood Ibrahim.Speaking at the Ojaswini felicitation programme here to honour leading women from various fields, Gadkari said, \"The IQ of both Swami Vivekananda and Dawood Ibrahim would be similar, but their direction in life is so different. One used his intelligence for destructive purpose, to damage society and humanity with the spread of crime and terror while there was the other used his intelligence for the benefit of society. His thoughts remain an inspiration for the nation.''At the function which was targeted at paying tributes to women, the BJP president also hinted that he was not one of those politicians who advocated reservations for the fairer sex. He gave a scintillating speech to argue that women had the intelligence and power to get to the top of every job.\"Whenever people ask me about reservation for women, I tell them that Indira Gandhi and Mayawati did not benefit from reservations,\" he said. Mentioning the names of several women leaders he explained: There are two ways of getting ahead in life. Take two parallel lines - you can make one longer by deleting the other or you can make the effort and stretch your line much ahead of the parallel.''Gadkari admitted that opportunities should be given to prove ones talent. He also acknowledged that women have been discriminated against in the Indian society for centuries and that there was no connection between caste, creed religion and gender'' and aptitude and hard-work. He quipped that a gifted worker cannot be suppressed forever. He even quoted Greek physicist Archimedes' theory of displacement to prove that women had the ability to empower themselves without the support of reservations.Archimedes has said so. The heavier the object you throw, that much water will splash out as displacement. The harder you work, that much recognition will be yours and no one can stop it,'' Gadkari explained.In his long 40-minutes speech, Nitin Gadkari avoided any mention about the recent controversy surrounding him. The media attempted thrice in Bhopal to get him to speak on the issue, but he eluded the questions each time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093324", "title": "Forest dept team arrests poacher with a newborn panther cub", "text": "INDORE: A team of Madhya Pradesh Forest Department on Sunday arrested a 35-year-old alleged poacher identified as Ida from Tanda area of Dhar district. He was nabbed with a 10-day-old panther cub, which he had hid in his house and was trying to sell to a customer at near about Rs 45,000.Dr PC Dubey, chief conservator of forests, Indore circle, said that acting on a tip off, the forest team from Indore and Dhar conducted a raid in Tanda area and managed to arrest poacher after a brief encounter. \"The team got to know from an informer that one man is in possession with a 10-day-old panther cub and was trying to sell since a week. The accused has several other cases registered with the police and is involved in liquor business,\" said Dr Dubey.According to forest officials, the accused wanted to sell the cub at Rs 45,000 but he was not getting a deal more than Rs 35,000. In between the deal the information leaked on Sunday morning while forest team acting swiftly nabbed the accused in afternoon.\"We are interrogating the accused and primary investigations have revealed the name of the person who wanted to purchase the cub. It is suspected to have notorious gangs involved in poaching and trafficking but it will be clear when investigations get over,\" said Dr Dubey.Meanwhile, the cub has been brought to Indore Zoo where officials are taking care of him. The department is mulling to release the cub in Ralamandal forest area after he grows a little bit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "17094632", "title": "Shelter for flood-hit victims comes under flood water", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be an irony of sorts, an entire colony constructed to rehabilitate flood victims in the city has also come under flood waters. JNNURM housing colony near Jakkampudi was completely cut off from the city following huge flow of flood waters into the residential area. The prestigious project was taken up five years ago to provide shelter to about 8,000 families, who were evacuated from frequently flood-hit canal bunds in the city. The G+3 housing project was completed at a cost of Rs 250 crore under JNNURM programme by the Vijayawada Municipal Corporation (VMC).In fact, the project had never gone smooth ever since the identification of a location near Jakkampudi. After dilly-dallying with the works and creation of infrastructure, VMC officials completed the project only recently. \"We were shocked to see flood waters entering into the colony since late hours of Saturday as we came all the way from Singhnagar area to escape the floods,\" rued Lakshmikanthamma, wife of an auto driver. By the morning, the entire colony was marooned under flood waters snapping off transport connections with the city.Although there was no threat to lives as it was a three-storied complex, residents criticised the engineers and officials for not taking adequate care to prevent the floods before starting works.\"It is disappointing. We have already spent a huge amount. What is the purpose of having constructed a massive housing project without taking steps to arrest the entry of flood,\" asked legislator Malladi Vishnu. Along with district collector Budha Prakash M Jyothy, Vishnu visited the colony on Sunday and took the civic officials to task.Officials explained that a rain of 15 cm in 24 hours in the city and about 20-25 cm rainfall in the rural area was unexpected and hence the trouble. \"No one is addressing our grievances except for frequent visits,\" fumed a resident Mallayya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095570", "title": "Operations launched to curb rebel activities in BTC", "text": "GUWAHATI: Security forces have stepped up vigilance on activities of militant outfits in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) even as rehabilitation of people displaced in the recent ethnic strife is on. With extortion by cadres of militant outfits still on in the BTAD, the army and police have launched operations to stop such activities.Recently, the army and police apprehended cadres of the Ranjan Daimari faction of the National Democratic Front of Bodoland (NDFB) while they were extorting money from businessmen in Kokrajhar town of BTAD. The Daimari faction is in a ceasefire with the Centre. Along with the duo, a surrendered NDFB cadre and two linkmen of the outfit were also nabbed.\"In two separate incidents, the police and the Red Horns Division of the army in Kokrajhar launched operations in the heart of Kokrajhar market where militants of NDFB (R) were apprehended red-handed while extorting money from local businessmen,\" an army official said.An automatic pistol, two rifles, ammunition, demand notices, a car, mobile phones and approximately Rs 10,000 in cash were recovered from the group.The activities of the Rabha Viper Army (RVA), another militant outfit, also came to light after army apprehended two militants of the outfit from Jiaguri village in Gossaigaon area of Kokrajhar district.The two militants were identified Oliver Koch and Biswajeet Rabha. Army personnel also recovered 3.5kg RDX, one 7.65mm pistol, one US-made magazine, one motorbike and two cell phones from the militants' possession.\"The operations against militants have been increased with a view to prevent deterioration of the fragile situation in Kokrajhar and other parts of BTAD,\" an army official said. He added that in the aftermath of violence, the army and the police have jointly been able to pre-empt militants from worsening the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093361", "title": "CM assures investigation about cops misbehaviour", "text": "INDORE: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan assured an inquiry into the allegations of misbehaviour by cops who dragged a 48-year-old woman to the police station. A delegation of family members of the victim, who later suffered a heart attack, called on the chief minister at the airport here on Sunday and demanded action against the policemen.Ramdayal Mourya, the husband of the victim led the members who met the chief minister.Meanwhile, SWC Kavita Patidar also went to meet the victim. Talking to ToI, she said that SWC will investigate the case now.Patidar termed the case as the misuse of Khaki in which cops went completely brutal and violated all the law. \"The incident began with the scuffle of two children and then senior members involved. As one of the family head is home guard, he went to police station and sent few cops. They came and dragged the woman. Even they did not allow woman to drink water, despite of continuous request of family members. There was no woman cop with the team which is must when police are going to arrest a woman,\" she said.On Saturday, three cops including sub-inspector JP Trivedi, ASI Bhupendra Singh and head constable Kailash Jat were line attached from immediate effect. They were removed from police station so that they could not affect the investigation against them.The issue began with normal fighting between children. Subsequently, a 48-year-old woman Meerabai Mourya was allegedly dragged by a few policemen in full public view on Thursday morning in Hira Nagar, following which she reportedly suffered an attack and had to be admitted to the ICU of a private hospital. She was released from the hospital here on Sunday only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094240", "title": "Homemade sweets add taste to Diwali platter", "text": "RANCHI: Sweets are an inseparable part of Diwali. It is during the festival of lights that the sweets available in the market are most adulterated and leads to stomach ailments. To protect the students from falling ill, a school in the city has started teaching its students the art of making sweets at home.Principal of DAV Public School, Bariatu, Divya Singh, came up with the idea of providing a sweet making crash course to her students. Singh said, \"Almost all the sweets available during Diwali are adulterated as the demand is much more than the supply. In such a situation, if students eat adulterated sweets they might fall sick.\" She also said, \"In an attempt to teach something fun and protect children from falling sick we decided to teach the students of Class IV to VI, how to make sweets without using fire.\"At the special cooking class, children were taught to make coconut laddoos using coconut powder and milkmaid. One of the teachers, Renu Tiwari, said: \"Making these laddoos is easy. One just has to mix coconut powder and milkmaid in correct quantity. If a student wants more flavour he can add chocoloate powder, gems and put the laddoo in an ice-cream cone to make it look attractive.\"Students enjoyed the class and are hoping to make many sweets this festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "17094314", "title": "Two students arrested for teen's death", "text": "SAMBALPUR: Police arrested two college students and another person on Sunday for allegedly killing a 15-year-old boy in Sambalpur's Naktideul police station area.Sources said the two students, who are minors, along with the third accused, Sunil Mohanty, had dumped the body of their victim, Bandhuram Matiari, in a jungle near Charmal in order to destroy evidence.\"We have registered a case against the accused and forwarded Sunil to Redhakhol court. Since the other two are minors, we forwarded them to juvenile court,\" a police officer said.According to the police, the deceased was involved in ganja smuggling and the accused are also into the same business as a result their interests clashed. Police suspected this to be the reason behind the murder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093717", "title": "Chinks in armour: Cops fall prey to youth attack", "text": "LUCKNOW: Not just ordinary citizens, even the Lucknow police is under attack from rowdy elements who are on a law breaking spree in the Samajwadi Party rule. In past two weeks alone, four policemen have been assaulted by violent youths in the state capital.One can imagine the insecurity of citizens when the district police is unable to protect itself from hooligans. Though chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had assured that people of Uttar Pradesh will not witness goonda raj in his regime, the ground reality speaks otherwise and reminds people of earlier SP regime when crime rate had peaked.The cases of attacks on policemen in the capital are being noticed at a rate that was unheard of during the Mayawati's rule. While seasoned criminals have always been fiddling with the law, in the present times, even petty criminals and students are not hesitating to challenge khaki-clad. Two incidents of students beating up cops were reported in the city on Friday. And a day earlier, two rowdy youths had slapped a traffic constable when they were stopped by him during routine checking.In the most daring of attacks on cops in recent times, a group of fearless youths tried to mow down a constable (in plainclothes at the time of incident) on Lucknow University Road on October 22. The state of other districts is even worse. Criminals shot at policemen in Lakhimpur Kheri on October 28. The ambush occurred near a police outpost.A common link in these cases is the age factor. The offenders in the recent cases of physical assaults on cops are in the 20-30 year age group. Also the fact that students have roughed up policmen at prime stretches during peak hours depicts the deteriorating law and order situation. The top cops have said that steps will be taken to protect their personnel, but recent cases show that youths have no fear of law.The crime rate began to soar soon after Akhilesh took office, say retired police officials. Also, the law framed decades ago in this regard has become toothless in the present context of law and order enforcement, according to top cops.\"Earlier the public feared from misbehaving with government officials, particularly men in uniform. But these days, the colonial law is not enough to protect public servants or to deter public at large, from attacking policemen,\" said former state DGP IC Dwivedi.Dwivedi added, \"The blame lies on the current government and its intention to protect party workers, irrespective of their acts. Also, the government's move to revoke cases against tainted leaders is one of the key reasons for spurt in crime rate. Petty criminals and aggressive youths feel that they can go scotfree even after committing serious crimes nowadays.\"Dwivedi was referring to the SP government decision to withdraw criminal cases against Abhay Singh, Vijay Singh , Mehboob Ali, Manoj Kumar Paras, Munna Yadav, Brahma Shankar Tripathi, and several other tainted heavyweights as a 'goodwill gesture' for their support during elections. Of 224 elected SP MLAs, 111 have criminal cases, of which 56 are serious cases. In fact, musclemen such as Raja Bhaiyya, Durga Prasad Yadav and Mehbood Ali are in the ministry.\"Clearly, if the students or overnight offenders, remain untouched even after rouging up cops, god can only help the ordinary citizens of the city then,\" felt Prabhash Dwivedi whose car was bumped by a SUV ferrying SP workers near Bahukhandi Bhawan recently.DGP AC Sharma had recently emphasised the need to have stronger punishment than what has been mentioned in the existing rule book for certain crimes, including the one meant to protect on-duty government servant from anti-social elements.TIMES VIEWThe recent spurt in attacks on policemen is a worrying manifestation of deteriorating law and order condition in the state. The fact that it is happening on the streets of the state capital is even more worrisome. It not only spreads a general sense of insecurity among the people, but also adversely hits the morale of the police force which is responsible for maintaining law and order. Clearly, the fear of law seems to be evaporating fast. It happens when either the ruling dispensation is too weak, or those taking law into their hands are confident that nothing will happen to them if they attack cops or mediapersons whenever something doesn't go in their favour. The SP government which is already under attack for poor law and order condition in the state, must act with urgency to protect its police force by taking stern deterring action against rowdy elements. A police force which is low on morale can hardly be expected to get tough with law-breakers .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094818", "title": "Market associations hire private guards to manage lots", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the failure of municipal corporation to deploy adequate staff at paid parking lots, prominent market associations of the city have started employing private guards to manage these lots at their own expense.Market associations of sectors 19 C, 19 D, 35 and 22 have made their own arrangements to provide hassle-free parking to commuters in their respective markets areas. All these abovementioned markets are among the most crowded markets in the city and the situation worsens during the festival season.Jagdish Kapoor, president of market welfare association of Sector 19 D, said, \"Keeping in mind the rush during festive season, we have employed four private security guards for two parking lots in the sector. The guards will manage traffic and ensure hassle-free parking.\"Ramji Manchanda, president of Sector 19 C market association, said, \"In absence adequate staff employed by the MC, we had to employ private guards at our expense to manage the parking lots. Earlier, we had employed three guards, but due to Diwali rush we have hired two more. Besides this we have also marked the proper parking lines in the lots to avoid any confusion. Ideally, all this should have been done by the municipal corporation.\"Mahinder Singh Baretta, president of Sector 35, said, \"We are not only employing private security guards, but also managing many other things to maintain these lots. We have painted parking lines and marked signals of entry and exit too, which is the job of MC.\"Arvind Jain, president of Sector 22 market association, said, \"We have been managing our lots through private security guards for a very long time now, because MC failed to provide us manpower. I feel MC only concentrates only on earning rather than providing facilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17094335", "title": "Bursting the education bubble", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Schools can no longer charge money for glossy brochures and application forms, while they have to inform parents about annual school fees at least 60 days before the academic session begins. Once the proposed 'Prohibition of Unfair Practices in Schools 2012' bill mooted by the Centre comes into force, a set of regulations will be imposed on schools to curb unfair practices in educational institutions.The bill envisages that schools cannot charge any fee from parents during mid-session. Besides, teachers, who resort to corporal punishment on students or ask them to buy uniforms and books from particular shops, may land a three-year jail term, according to the bill.While the bill was naturally welcomed by parents, it drew mixed reactions from school authorities. Sujata, principal of DAV Public School, Unit-VIII, said, \"All these rules already exist. Though there will be some initial teething troubles in implementing the laws, but when the bill is passed we have to obey the rules.\"Bandana Mahapatra, headmistress of Capital High School in the city said, \"This is a very good step taken by the government. The bill will definitely prohibit public schools from harassing parents in the name of quality education and better facilities.\"\"We agree with the plight of parents but from where will we get the money to run the school? School fee is a major source of revenue as private schools don't get grant from the government. When you demand quality education you must be ready to pay for it,\" said the principal of another school, requesting anonymity.The government decided to contemplate such a law following largescale complaints from parents and guardians about the prevalence of unfair practices in schools. \"The bill will definitely streamline the education system. Schools are charging exorbitant fees from parents and we have been fighting against this in the court of law for the last four years. Once the bill is implemented, parents will get relief from such imposition by schools,\" said Sunil Prusty, who has been spearheading a parents' protest against 'excessive fee hike' by a city school since 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17094674", "title": "Bus bays: Collector to make sure that drivers fall in line", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: From now on, it will be strictly mandatory for the buses plying in the city to make use of bus bays. In response to TOI's campaign to ensure that the buses stop only at the designated bus bays in the city, district collector K N Satheesh said that the police will be roped in to make sure that the drivers, especially those of KSRTC buses, follow the rules.\"We will convene a meeting of the officials of the police department, TRIDA, corporation and road fund board to discuss the need to make sure that the bus bays are used. The officials concerned will be directed to monitor the bus bays and ensure that the drivers fall in line. Whoever found not using the bays will be issued strict warning,\" said the collector.On Friday, TOI had carried out a field audit at important bus bays in the city to see how many buses comply with the norms regarding the use of the bays.TOI found out that the drivers paid scant regard to bays and passengers were forced to run behind the buses at busy junctions to board them.A week ago, the busy Statue junction witnessed an accident when a KSRTC bus knocked down two elderly men riding a two-wheeler. Though they escaped with minor injuries, eyewitnesses said the accident could have been averted if there had been a bus bay. It was with the intention of easing up traffic at busy junctions, about 94 bus bays were incorporated in the city road improvement project. Though they were constructed promptly, the negligence on the part of the drivers has been leading to accidents and traffic congestion at several junctions despite the presence of bus bays.\"I have already received a proposal from TRDCL regarding how the buses are not making use of the bays. All the buses, including KSRTC and private ones, will be strictly directed to halt at bus bays only so that traffic snarls and chances of accidents are reduced to a great extent,\" added Satheesh.The TRDCL had forwarded a letter to the district collector requesting him to make it compulsory for all buses to use the bays. The letter was sent with supporting photographs showing of how bus drivers are reluctant to use the bays in many places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093636", "title": "Insured can't lose out, if company hid facts", "text": "Shauheen Daya and his wife Muneera had a mediclaim policy issued by United India Insurance Co Ltd. The policy was first taken in 1998 and renewed without break.When the policy was renewed for the period September 19, 2007 to September 17, 2008, the terms and conditions were unilaterally changed by the insurance company. According to the revised conditions, instead of being eligible to a claim up to the sum insured, a ceiling was put to limit the claim up to a maximum amount of Rs.2 lakh for treatment of cardiac and pacemaker surgeries, cancer, brain tumor, hip and knee replacements.In October 2008, Daya was admitted to Breach Candy Hospital for surgery, during which a pacemaker was inserted. The expenses incurred were Rs 3,54,400, for which he lodged a claim. Rakhsha TPA, which processed the claim on behalf of the United India Insurance, sanctioned the claim restricting the amount to Rs 2 lakh. The cheque was encashed by Daya. Later, Daya learnt a circular dated February 26, 2009 stipulated that such restriction was not applicable to 'platinum', 'gold' policies and senior citizens. The circular stated that the Insurance Regulatory Development Authority had prescribed that a policyholder has to be informed about the change in policy terms, after which the insured would have the option to continue under the original terms or accept the revised terms.Since the insurance company had failed to disclose the change and provide an option to choose between the original and revised terms, Daya alleged deficiency in service. He demanded that the insurance company pay the entire claim amount instead of restricting it to Rs 2 lakh.Ultimately, Daya approached the South Mumbai District Consumer Forum. Since the policy's terms had been revised in 2007, but the complaint disputing the applicability of those conditions had been filed on August 25, 2011, there was a delay of 707 days in lodging the complaint. Daya applied to the forum to condone the delay. The insurance company argued that if the insured had accepted the settlement of Rs 2 lakh without dispute. Even thereafter, no legal proceedings were initiated within 12 months, as stipulated under the policy, so the insured had waived and lost his right to challenge the settlement. The insurance company also claimed that the circular dated February 26, 2009 was made applicable for subsequent renewals, whereas Daya's claim was for hospitalization prior to the issuance of the circular. In view of this, the company claimed that the complaint was time barred and not maintainable. Advocate Anita Marathe arguing for the complaint, contended that Daya had been misled by the insurance company into believing that he was legally entitled to only Rs 2 lakh and he accepted the amount under such misconception. She also argued that the revised terms had been unilaterally foisted on the insured without his knowledge or consent. The sum insured as the original policy was Rs 5 lakh, without imposition of any limits or restrictions, and the insured would definitely not have agreed to the revised terms had such consent been sought.She argued that insurance is a contract of utmost good faith, which is applicable both to the insured and the insurance company. Yet, in breach of such good faith, the insurance company had suppressed the revised terms and failed to obtain consent of the insured. She said Daya got to know of the circular much later and so the limitation would begin to run from the date when he came to know about the February 2009 circular's existence. Hence, she contended that there was no delay in filing the complaint, if limitation is reckoned from the date of knowledge of the circular. If the delay is computed from the date of claim settlement, then the delay of 707 days must be condoned since it was caused due to suppression of facts by the insurance company.SS Patil, delivering the order on behalf of the bench along with president SB Dhumal, accepted Marathe's argument that limitation would run from the date when Daya came to know about the circular and as such the complaint had been filed in time.The insurance company was not permitted to benefit from suppression of facts. The complaint was not thrown out on the grounds of limitation and will now be heard on merits.(The author is a consumer activist and has won the Govt of India's National Youth Award for Consumer Protection. His email is jehangir_gai@indiatimes.com)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093643", "title": "Parents' statement evidence in dowry case", "text": "MUMBAI: The parents of Heena Shaikh (22), who battled for life at Bhagwati Hospital for two days before succumbing to 100% burn injuries on Saturday, have told cops that their daughter was set ablaze by her in-laws for not fulfilling their dowry demands. Shaikh's husband and in-laws have been arrested in the case. Cops said Heena told her parents about the sequence of events when they met her at the hospital. Their statements are evidence in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093125", "title": "Special status Bihar's birthright, Nitish roars at rally", "text": "PATNA: Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar's Adhikar Rally on Sunday turned out to be sort of mother of all rallies ever held at the historic Gandhi Maidan in Patna insofar as the turnout is concerned, and it sent out a strong message to Delhi which Kumar articulated thus: It is the rally of 'aam awam', or common people, of Bihar who think that the special state status is their birthright; if the Centre doesn't give them this right, the struggle will spill over to Delhi where a massive rally will be organized in March.It was the first major political rally organized by Kumar since he came to power in November 2005, and by all accounts it was an unprecedented gathering, much bigger than the Indian People's Front's anti-Bihar Press Bill rally in October 1982 or CPM's Halla Bol Rally in October 2003 or, for that matter, RJD chief Lalu Prasad's Garib Rally and Lathi Rally in March 1996 and April 2003 respectively - at the sprawling ground. Even the then Samata Party's rally organized by Kumar in October 1994 was smaller.Old-timers who attended the Kumar's Sunday show as well as Loknayak JP's public meeting at the same venue on January 30, 1977 after emergency was lifted described the two rallies as cousins. JP had fought for Sampoorna Kranti, Nitish is fighting for special state status to Bihar. \"I will take rest only after Bihar gets the special tag,\" thundered Kumar as deafening roars of support for the CM and the cause espoused by him rent the air.He said Bihar MPs would play a decisive role in the formation of next government at the Centre after the 2014 parliamentary election and \"our main poll plank will be the special state status\". He appealed to the Prime Minister to constitute a committee to change the formula under which the special state status is granted to states. He, however, regretted the PM had not given an appointment to him to discuss the issue since 2006.Kumar also listed the achievements of his government during the last seven years and claimed the state had taken huge strides on health, road construction, electricity, governance and law and order fronts.While JD-U president Sharad Yadav, state party president Bashishtha Narain Singh, ministers, MPs and MLAs also addressed the gathering, the hero of the day was CM Kumar who was, interestingly, described as 'mahilaon ke dil ki dhadkan', or women's heartthrob, by his industries minister Renu Kushwaha and 'Bharat ka vavishya', or the future of India, by his rural works minister Bhim Singh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17093429", "title": "Ready for probe, why not Rahul Gandhi, asks Nitin Gadkari?", "text": "UJJAIN: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) national president Nitin Gadkari in Ujjain on Sunday said scam-hit Congress has been making false allegations against BJP leaders, including him to divert people's attention.If I am ready to face any inquiry, why not Rahul Gandhi , he asked. Gadkari was addressing party workers' meet after inaugurating the renovated party divisional office. He said the state government was going in right direction. The state's agriculture growth and industrialization would remove a backward state tag. I was a common party worker with no great family background, but reached the highest post as the BJP is truly a party of workers, Gadkari expressed.Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan and state president Prabhat Jha also addressed the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093404", "title": "Staff assault couple after diner throws up in toilet", "text": "MUMBAI: A dinner outing for a Mira Road couple on Saturday night turned ugly when the hotel's staffers assaulted and abused them after the woman threw up in the toilet.The hotel management allegedly demanded money to clean up. The accused were arrested and released on bail and the couple sustained severe head injuries. Granvel Paes (31) his wife, Jennifer (24), residents of Poonam Complex, Mira Road, were assaulted by the employees of Jughead's, an eatery in a mall on the Mumbai-Ahmedabad highway in Kashimira.They were accompanied by another couple, Carl and Lisa. Jennifer vomited all over the toilet's washbasin and paid Rs 200 as \"cleaning charges\". The hotel manager, Brian Sen, and waiters allegedly demanded more money and abused the couple. Granvel who got into an argument with the waiters and called up his brother, Clifton, and father, Johan, for help.The waiters allegedly assaulted the couple with empty bottles. While Jennifer and Johan were discharged on Sunday, Granvel is receiving treatment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093096", "title": "Many miss Staff Selection Commission exam", "text": "PATNA: Candidates appearing at the Central Staff Selection Commission examination for recruitment of lower division clerks (LDCs) on Sunday had a hard time in reaching their examination centres due to milling crowd of rallyists on the city roads.The examination was held in two sittings. The first sitting started from 10am, just before the scheduled time for the rally (11am) at Gandhi Maidan. Almost all the students whose centre was around Gandhi Maidan or in the area that had diversions and barricading, had a tough time in reaching the centre. There were also many who missed their examination.Shruti Kumari, whose centre was at BN College said, \"I am coming from Mainpura with my brother. Usually, it is just 10-minute ride from my home, but today it took me over two hours to reach the centre. We were diverted at so many points that at one moment I felt I won't be able to make it to the examination.\"Archana Kumari, another examinee whose centre was at BN College said, \"I left my home at 8am to reach the centre on time but barely made it on time. Only after much request I was allowed to take the examination as I was five minutes late. I took an auto from Raja Bazaar for the examination centre but was not allowed to move further from IT-roundabout, so from there I had to walk to the centre.There were also some students who are upset with the rally since they missed their examination. Nishant Singh from Danapur, whose examination centre was at Science College, said, \"I left home at 7.30am but couldn't make it to the examination centre. I was diverted at many points and all the requests to cops fell on deaf ears. I even had to leave my bike on roadside to walk from the I-T roundabout to reach the centre, but in the end I was half-an-hour late for the examination. The rally deprived me of a chance of getting a job. What's the use of such a rally?\"To avoid last-minute rush in trains, many students from other cities arrived here on Saturday itself and started moving towards their respective examination centres since 5am itself. \"I reached Patna on Saturday by Hatia-Patna train. But since all the hotels were booked, I had to spend the night on railway platform. To avoid heavy traffic, I reached my centre at Patna Collegiate at 7am,\" said Khushboo, from Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094363", "title": "Railways not crackers about fireworks", "text": "CHENNAI: Its safety record singed by a fire that left 32 passengers dead on the Delhi-Chennai Tamil Nadu Express on July 30, a blaze that investigators said was sparked by an explosion of firecrackers, the railways will step up checks to prevent passengers from carrying fireworks and other inflammable material on trains ahead of Diwali.Southern Railway officials said the checks will be stringent ahead of Diwali as several people ignore the rules and carry fireworks as gifts for friends and relatives when they travel home for the holiday.\"We hold safety campaigns and conduct additional checks when the festival comes around every year,\" a senior railway official said. \"But the inspections will be more rigorous this year because firecrackers were found to have caused the fire on a sleeper coach of Tamil Nadu Express.\" The S11 coach was gutted in the fire, which broke out when the train was near Nellore in Andhra Pradesh.\"Railways officials have started displaying messages at major railway stations including Chennai Central and Egmore, warning people not to carry fireworks on trains. Southern Railway is also taking out advertisements in newspapers to spread awareness and caution people against packing firecrackers in their baggage.Security personnel have started scanning bags with X-ray machines and will seize any firecrackers or other prohibited materials they find. \"We are installing more baggage scanners,\" the official said. \"Carrying fireworks is a punishable offence.\"Government Railway Police (GRP) and Railway Protection Force (RPF) personnel have been directed to intensify inspection of baggage on trains in the days before and after November 13, the date of the festival. More security personnel will also be posted at stations to monitor passengers on these days.\"It is very difficult to monitor all passengers. We are asking people not to carry firecrackers and to inform us if they spot other passengers carrying fireworks,\" an RPF official said. \"People carry firecrackers on trains from the city to the southern districts as hundreds of people from Nagercoil, Tirunelveli and Madurai work in Chennai.\"Southern Railway chief public relations officer V J Accamma said officials are carrying out awareness campaigns against transporting fireworks in passenger coaches.However, the RPF is likely to only conduct random checks because passengers will be delayed if all bags are checked. The force seized fireworks from several passengers during the festival season last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095248", "title": "Hescom ropes in National Government Electric Factory to repair faulty transformers", "text": "HUBLI: There is some respite for farmers of the north-Karnataka region who are suffering from power outages due to faulty transformers.The farmers' might has forced the Hubli Electricity Supply Company Limited (Hescom) to mend its ways and take an initiative to set right the faulty transformers. The farmers had recently laid siege to the Hescom office after the officials failed to respond to the power woes.Hescom has decided to seek the help of the National Government Electric Factory (NGEF), Hubli, for the speedy repair of all faulty transformers. It will help farmers run their irrigation pumpsets regularly.Many villagers complain that the failure of the authorities to repair or replace the faulty transformers on time is resulting in disrupted power supply.According to sources, Hescom is currently depending on 17 private parties for repairing the faulty transformers in its jurisdiction. On an average, every month, around 1,000 to 1,200 transformers get damaged. During 2011-12, around 15,000 transformers of 25KV, 63KV and 100KV capacity developed problems. The agreement between the Hescom and private parties states that the faulty transformers should be repaired within 15 days and delivered. But, most of the private parties failed to adhere to the condition, making the farmers vent their ire against Hescom officials on many occasions.\"To ensure quality service, we have planned to start a master transformer repairing centre at the central office. We have completed the preliminary formalities with the NGEF and are waiting for the approval from the finance department. By the end of November, the repairing centre should start functioning,'' Hescom managing director Rajendra Cholan said.According to him, Hescom has plans to invest Rs 10 crore for the repairing centre. For this, 30 employees of NGEF have already obtained training in transformer repairing from the Karnataka Vidyut Karakhane (KAVIKA) in Bangalore, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095612", "title": "Star value", "text": "It seems Nigel Akara, the reformed criminal who turned into a star overnight after the release of Muktodhara, has had a memorable Puja this year. With a single film in his kitty, the Valmiki of the stage was one of the most sought-after stars from the silver screen among puja organizers. Riding on the popularity wave, the real-life Ratnakar charged Rs 40,000 for three hours to inaugurate Pujas. However, when an organizer approached him for judging city pujas, which demanded more time from the star, Nigel obliged him without charging extra appearance fee. After all, money is not everything. Isn't it, Nigel?The image of a reformed criminal will be reinforced in Asoka, Aloknanda Roy's next dance drama with the inmates of Alipore Correctional Home.Sunil for kidsThe legendary author who was adored by children will now feature in the school syllabus. Never mind the not-so-cordial relationship between Sunil Gangopadhyay and Mamata Banerjee as the Trinamool government has decided to include Megh Chor (the cloud thief) in the secondary school syllabus. The syllabus committee has decided that the story will be part of the seventh grade syllabus. It will be included in Sahitya Mela, a book on science and culture. Leela Majumdar's Maku will also make it to the syllabus.'Kanchenjunga' at 50In 1962, Ray penned his first original screenplay and made his first colour venture. The script was written to suit the impulsive Darjeeling weather. It's the story of an upper-class Bengali family spending an afternoon in the Queen of Hills where everyone is trying to engage the youngest daughter to a successful engineer from London. The film was conceived to take place in a large mansion, but Ray later decided to shoot it in Darjeeling. He used the different shades of light and mist to reflect the tension and drama. The film didn't appeal and Ray observed that it was 10 years ahead of its time. Fifty years after its release, Kanchenjungha is perhaps one of the best viewed Ray films. The film with its subtitles has been published in Nandan's recent bulletin. The writer? Sandip Ray.Portrait overburdenMamata Banerjee's fetish of commemorating birth or death anniversaries of famous Bengalis has posed a slight problem for the information and culture and PWD departments. They are now looking for a bigger room to store the portraits. The caretakers of PWD which is in charge of Writers' Buildings have been asked to look for a gallery-like room so that the portraits can be safely stored for next year, and the next and the next. One of the caretakers sighed, \"During the Left tenure, there was no issue because the government only commemorated birth anniversaries of Netaji and B C Ray. Now, there are loads of portraits because a new name is added to the list every day.\"Quizzing in stylePresidency College had start quizzing in Kolkata way back in 1838. Tarachand Chakravarti, a Young Bengal member, had set up the Presidency College Society for the Acqusition of General Knowledge in the hallowed portals of Hindu College and thus it was one of the oldest quiz clubs of India. This society was recently re-established to promote quizzing. It recently conducted an inter-college quiz for undergraduate and postgraduate students at Presdiency Univesrity which was won by IIM Calcutta. The society in its new avatar has already become a hot favourite of the quiz lovers of Kolkata.Art of healingHe is not just any artist. Hiranmay Sarkar, a cancer survivor, paints and sketches to support the community of cancer patients through the proceeds of his paintings.Sarkar culls subjects of his paintings from his childhood imaginations developed during the joyous days in rural Bengal: Deep blue sky, sparkling stars, full moon, rising sun, reflections in the clear lakes, lush greens, flowers, animals and colourful birds. His paintings express this metamorphosed passion for the fathomless sky and the nature and lives underneath it. Sarkar will exhibit his latest paintings at Chemould Art Gallery for five days beginning November 6.Star valueIt seems Nigel Akara, the reformed criminal who turned into a star overnight after the release of Muktodhara, has had a memorable Puja this year. With a single film in his kitty, the Valmiki of the stage was one of the most sought-after stars from the silver screen among puja organizers. Riding on the popularity wave, the real-life Ratnakar charged Rs 40,000 for three hours to inaugurate Pujas. However, when an organizer approached him for judging city pujas, which demanded more time from the star, Nigel obliged him without charging extra appearance fee. After all, money is not everything. Isn't it, Nigel?Sunil in school", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095005", "title": "A sky-high resolve to defeat cancer", "text": "BANGALORE: Scores of pink flying lanterns lit the skies over Ulsoor Lake on Sunday evening. Hundreds of people forged a human chain around the water body and chanted: \"We can defeat cancer.\"A few cancer survivors formed a few links in the chain which was organized to spread awareness about breast cancer. Cheered by onlookers and passersby, the event was kick-started by S Appaswamy, a 99-year-old lung cancer survivor, by lighting a lamp.Showing to the world a cancer diagnosis need not be a death sentence, Vandana Ramnane, a 58-year-old cancer survivor, said the aim of her life is to squash the crab. A member of Pink Hope Support Group, a breast cancer support organization , Vandana said the only way to defeat the disease is through spreading awareness about it. \"I suffered a lot after I was diagnosed with breast cancer about fourand-a-half years back. There are instances when people get to know that the disease is in them only very late. It's only by awareness can this be changed. And if detected early, cancer can be beaten,\" she said.This was echoed by many. Their message: Early detection is a must. Don't let the diagnosis consume you. Stay positive. You can beat it.\"A disease like cancer can affect anybody, regardless of age and gender . It's only through awareness that we can spread hope,\" said Don Bosco, a nursing student, who participated at the event. \"Women need to take care of their health and be aware of breast cancer not only for their sake but also for their family\" said Dr Sudha Umesh of Healthcare Global Enterprise , which organized the event.\"We can't stop the disease but we can at least create awareness,\" said Pramila P, a youngster who attended the drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17095200", "title": "Osama film may not leave a mark at polls", "text": "WASHINGTON: Pocketbook issues have trumped foreign policy and security matters by a long shot in the 2012 election campaign. In the final hours of campaigning, there is hardly a mention of the war in Afghanistan (other than to say it is over) and the hunting down of Osama bin Laden , a signal achievement of the president.But many Americans will be reminded of it on Sunday night, just 36 hours before polling begins, when National Geographic will air 'Seal Team Six' , a film on bin Laden's killing that Republican experts and partisans say is aimed at glorifying the president. The bad news for Democrats is that the channel has limited viewership and the made-for-TV movie has already been panned by critics.Produced among others by Hollywood mogul Harry Weinstein, a prominent fund-raiser for President Barack Obama , the film is said to use real audio and video footage of Obama interspersed with a cheesy and overwrought account of the attack on Abbottabad that killed the world's most wanted terrorist. But many disposed off bin Laden from their memory banks long before he died, perhaps within couple of years after 9/11, which is why former President George Bush never put hunting him down on the top of his agenda. The filmic account of the hunt doesn't seem to have impressed critics either, not even in relation to the Tuesday's poll. \"Anyone with any actual intelligence won't be letting this movie influence how they vote,\" said Salon's TV critic Willa Paskin.A more meaty and substantial bin Laden film from Hollywood for the big screen, 'Zero Dark Thirty' , is due for release in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094597", "title": "Ambulance for Yerran sent on time, says EMRI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two days after the road mishap at Srikakulam which resulted in Telugu Desam Party (TDP) MP K Yerrannaidu's death, officials of the GVK Emergency Management and Research Institute (EMRI) said at a news conference on Sunday that there had been no delay in their ambulance reaching the accident spot after the mishap. Institute officials added that the condition of the two victims shifted by them was currently stable.Officials said that the injured leader was not at the accident site when the EMRI ambulance reached the spot. The team then shifted the two other victims who were still at the accident spot, lecturer Seetharam Naidu and driver Sridhar, to KIMS hospital in Srikakulam. Officials stated that the 108 emergency response centre had received the call for an ambulance at 2.17am on Friday from the MP's gunman, following which an ambulance stationed at Ranasthalam was assigned at 2.20am. The officials added that the assigned ambulance reached the scene at 2.26am, that is, within eight minutes from the time the emergency was sounded.The MP though was reportedly transported in an NHAI ambulance. However, earlier, reports had mentioned that the NHAI ambulance had reached the spot only around 25 minutes after the accident with locals trying to locate an ambulance in the meantime as the MP struggled for breath.Siddhartha Bhattacharya, chief operating officer, GVK EMRI, said, \"I would like to stress that the ambulance reached the accident spot well within the standard response time. In urban areas, the average response time is around 15 minutes while in rural and tribal areas it is 25 to 30 minutes. The benchmark has clearly been met in this case\".Speaking about the extent of injuries sustained by the two victims who were shifted by the ambulance, an official said, \"Seetharam Naidu's vitals were normal. The team suspected a fracture of the lower limb below the right knee and immobilised the leg. The second victim, Sridhar, too, had similar injuries with a suspected fracture of lower limb. \"The 55-year-old MP was in the front seat of the vehicle and reportedly not wearing a seat belt when his car hit an oil-tanker in the wee hours of Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "17094189", "title": "Bicholim locals demand change in power transformer", "text": "BICHOLIM: Residents of Bordem, Bicholim, in a memorandum submitted to the assistant engineer of the electricity department, Bicholim, have requested him to replace the existing low intensity transformer with a high intensity one to do away with the frequent power cuts which occur in this area for the last five years.The memorandum, which has been signed by villagers from Bordem and surrounding areas, was submitted by a delegation led by Gokuldas Harmalkar, Anand Parmekar, Uday Pal, Ratnakar Pal, Santosh Gad, Bhimakar Malgaonkar, Subhash Usapkar and Bhagwan Harmalkar.Members of the delegation have informed that the assistant engineer has promised them to commence the said work as early as possible.The delegation brought to the notice of the assistant engineer that frequent power cuts have inconvenienced all the residents and small businessmen for the last five years.As such they have demanded that the transformer which exists at the main road at Bordem, opposite Siya complex, be replaced with the high intensity transformer at the earliest.\"We have been consistently demanding with the electricity department, public representatives and other authorities to get this problem solved to end our woes,\"stated a resident Bhimakar Malgaonkar from Bordem Bicholim. Similarly villagers from Naikkagar, Sharadanagar, Shantaramnagar and surrounding areas are also affected due to a problem of frequent power cuts. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093677", "title": "53 district magistrate in Uttar Pradesh say no dry toilets, Census exposes tall claims", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 53 district magistrates have reportedly submitted an affidavit to the state government stating that there are no dry toilets in their districts. The said documents were to be presented to the apex court in March 2012. However, reality of these 'claims' was exposed soon after the release of the Census report in April 2012, which revealed that UP was home to more then 1.06 lakh dry toilets - the highest in the country.This prompted the state urban development department to physically verify if there are dry toilets in the state or not. As a result, the state government is now forced to believe that the district magistrates submitted a fake document. NGO activists believe that the DMs have not been serious towards the cause.The matter came into prominence, when urban development minister Mohd Azam Khan went on a surprise inspection of Rampur, his native place. He found that many dry latrines were present in the rural and urban areas of the place, much in contrast to claims made by the local administration. So he got the matter examined.Departmental inquiry reports on missing toilets in districts of Meerut and Bareilly were also taken on a test basis, the report of which was submitted in the first week of October.Both the reports suggested that funds meant for construction of toilets under the total sanitation campaign were misused by the officials, who were supposed to ensure effective implement the national programme.Taking a strong note of the same, minister for urban development, Mohd Azam Khan directed registering an FIR against the errant officers.In Sardhana nagar panchyat of Meerut, it was found that construction of 1,166 toilets was shown in the records. A physical verification showed that only 873 toilets existed, while the remaining 293 were found to be missing. It was also found that payments were made for 293 missing toilets. The cumulative financial losses on account of the gaps amounted to around Rs 27.90 lakh. Records also indicated that 177 beneficiaries were selected without proper permissions and relevant paper work.They also showed that names of 32 persons were mentioned twice in the list of beneficiaries and they took the assistance amount two times. Not only this, the government officials made payment to these 'double' beneficiaries without checking that the toilets were actually constructed or not. Despite all the gaps, local officials found the work satisfactory. The inquiry, which has spread to the entire state, is still underway.It may be noted that finding the presence of dry toilets as a hindrance on the way of efforts to end practice of manual scavenging, the government of India banned the two things through a legislation in 1993. Thereafter, state governments were given 12 years to end the social evil. But the deadline of 2005 AD passed without much achievement, inviting the attention of the Supreme Court as well.Hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) to this effect the apex court gave states a second chance in the form of a new deadline - December 2011. The court however said that the DMs would certify that there were no dry toilets and that the problem of manual scavenging did not exist in their districts. The deadline to submit these affidavits was extended to march 2012.Officials in the state urban development authority revealed that to achieve the aim of eliminating dry toilets in UP, the state government first got a survey done. Findings of the survey revealed that there were 2,38,253 dry toilets in the state. With the assistance of the Centre, UP government launched the integrated low cost sanitation project to demolish dry toilets and construct proper ones. An expenditure of Rs 10,000 per unit was to be spent for the purpose. Of the total amount, union government gave Rs 7,500, while the state spent Rs 1,500. The remaining Rs 1,000 was to be borne by the beneficiary. \"The affidavit was to be submitted on completion of the district-wise target allotted under the said scheme,\" said a senior officer.However the state government officials continue to save their colleagues. \"I think there is a gap somewhere. There are chances that the census enumerators could have missed counting the toilets that were being constructed or came up later on,\" said Shiv Shankar Singh, director, state urban development authority.\"However, stances of Meerut, Rampur and Bareilly give us a reason to suspect the authenticity of the documents furnished by district officials,\" he quickly added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095754", "title": "Business and finance studies", "text": "If you have always dreamt of becoming an entrepreneur, setting up your own company or becoming a management consultant, a UK business course could be just for you. The country has a long tradition as a trading, financial and business centre, and it is also a member of the G20 group of world's leading economies.The UK has universities and colleges specialising in business and finance. However, decide on a few things before investing in a programme : Are you keen on a careerbased vocational course that will allow you to progress to a higher level, or perhaps return home better prepared for the world of managerial work? Do you need an access course that will serve as a foundation for more advanced study, or permit you to increase your language proficiency so that you can gain from further study? Do you want a three or four-year BA or BSc course, or a two-year foundation degree, to gain both academic and practical skills? Do you need a postgraduate Masters programme (MA; MSc) that will serve as a foundation either for doctoral study or prepare you for enhanced work in a functional area of management?As to UG degree courses, there are four types of courses available , including one-year access courses; Higher National Diplomas (HND) in business studies (two years), which can lead on to the final year of an honours degree ; foundation degrees, normally lasting two years, in subjects including business, e-business , marketing, business IT and retail management; foundation degrees are qualifications in their own right; graduates can progress into employment or into the final year of an honours degree course; a Bachelor of arts (BA) or sometimes a Bachelor of science (BSc) degree at honours level; these degrees usually require three years of full-time study.Subjects that can be studied at the undergraduate level include business management (and international business management), financial services management, business administration, accounting and finance, business IT. Students can do a one-year taught Master's (MA; MSc; MBA) or a two-year research degree (MPhil). There are also postgraduate certificates and diplomas in fields such as business management, total quality and innovation management , international business, human resource management. As to PhD programmes, one will usually need to allow a minimum of three years. Professional doctorates are also becoming very popular such as the DBA (Doctor of business administration). All universities offer postgraduate courses and many also offer research opportunities to students. For more information on immigration requirements, visit www.ukcisa.org.uk.For details on student visas, log on to www.ukba.homeoffice. gov.uk/visas.The British Council organises various events, which include weekly briefings, counselling events, etc. The Education UK exhibition , one of the largest events organised by the British Council, will be held on November 24 and 25, 2012 (1.00-6 .00 pm) at the British Council Delhi. For details, log on to www.educationuk-in .org", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093641", "title": "Sena leader detained for Rs 5cr extortion demand", "text": "The Thane anti-extortion cell has detained vice-president of Shiv Sena in Ambivli, Ankush Jogdand, for allegedly demanding Rs 5 crore as extortion from a builder in Ambivli. Cops are also searching for prime accused Shaukat Shaikh, who allegedly made calls for extortion demand. According to sources, Kalyan-based builder Anand Dube had recently undertaken major construction work in Ambivli. On Jogdand's instructions, Shaikh asked Dubey to pay Rs 5 crore or face consequences. Dube complained to the anti-extortion cell on Sunday and cops picked up Jogadand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17093248", "title": "Madurai petrol bomb victims die", "text": "MADURAI: Three people, including a 19-year-old college student, who suffered burn injuries in a petrol bomb attack on October 30 died at a private hospital here.While one succumbed to the injuries on Saturday night, two others died on Sunday triggering a backlash in the southern districts. The police personnel, who were heaving a sigh of relief that tension was dying down, were once again on their toes as security was tightened in southern districts. Window panes of five buses were damaged in stone pelting incidents that followed the news of three deaths.The three were identified as G Jayapandi, 19, S Sundarapandi, 20 and R Vetrivel, 18, all hailing from Puliangulam village. Twenty-one, people including the three visited Pasumpon in Ramanathapuram district on October 30 to participate in the Muthuramalinga Thevar Jayanthi celebrations and were returning to their village when a gang pelted petrol bombs on the vehicle they were travelling near Chintamani on the outskirts of Madurai. While all the passengers suffered burn injuries, four people suffered grievous injuries. They were rushed to the Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH), from where they were shifted to various private hospitals in the city. Jayapandi, who was being treated at a private hospital in K K Nagar died on Saturday night. A large number of his relatives and villagers thronged the hospital throughout the night. The body was sent to the government hospital in the morning for post-mortem. The news of the death of two others triggered further tension.The villagers refused to receive the bodies demanding arrest of the culprits. Senior revenue and police officials, including SP V Balakrishnan rushed to the GH as tension mounted and managed to keep the angry villagers under control. However, as they took the bodies to the villages, they threatened the shops and trade establishments in the way to shut down. Police said that one suspect in the petrol bomb attack has been detained.Meanwhile, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Sunday condoled the deaths of Jayapandi, Sundarapandi and Vetrivel and announced a solatium of Rs 5 lakh. In a statement, she said that the victims were injured when some anti-social elements hurled petrol-filled bottles at their van while they were returning after paying homage to Muthuramalinga Thevar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "17094331", "title": "Dengue stings two more medical students", "text": "CUTTACK: Two more medical students have tested positive for dengue and are undergoing treatment at the SCB Medical College and Hospital.Condition of the two medicos -- Dipti Nandan Pradhan, a student of private-run Hi-tech medical college, and Sashikant Panda, a student of state-run MKCG Medical College and Hospital -- was said to be stable, however.Pradhan is from Kendrapara district while Panda's hometown is Balasore . Doctors said both students had visited their respective native places where they fell ill.Prior to it, six medical students of MKCG and a doctor Malaya Pradhan, posted in Jajpur district, had also tested positive for dengue. One of the students died in a private hospital last month while others eventually recovered from the fever.SCB has received 534 dengue patients this season. At least 17 dengue patients were admitted to the hospital on Saturday and Sunday. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098190", "title": "Party people's creepy good time", "text": "Kolkata's hip and happening people had a creepy good time as they trooped to the most happening Halloween house party in town. The party was organized by three young American wives, Bridget Vaswani, Nicole Mitra and Laura Miller , who now call Kolkata their home.\"The three of us moved to Kolkata from the US five years ago, and since we were a little homesick, we decided to introduce to our new home a slice of the old country,\" said Bridget. Nicole added that compared to the US, Halloween parties here were better because people took effort in making their own costumes instead of purchasing them. In its fifth year, the party saw guests dressed as Sacha Baron Cohen's Dictator, Michael Jackson , Queen of Hearts, Mad Hatter, Sherlock Holmes , Bangali babu, Frida Kahlo , belly dancer, Angry Birds, and sailors, apart from the usual witches and demons. \"Almost everyone wears a costume, it makes for a great ambience,\" said one of the co-hosts, dressed as Sherlock Holmes. Ani and Bhavika got the best couple award for the second time in a row. While Joker was chosen the scariest, the Dictator was voted as the funniest. Amid Jacko'-lanterns and faux skeletons, the rocking party continued way past the witching hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17093262", "title": "Senior citizen dies of swine flu", "text": "PUNE: A 65-year-old man died of swine flu on Sunday, taking the city's H1N1 death toll since April to 29. The man had delayed seeking medical treatment for five days after develop-ing symptoms.Chandulal Jain, a resident of Bhawani Peth, developed mild fever with breathlessness on October 27 and severe breathlessness from November 1. He had a history of pulmonary tuberculosis. \"Jain did not seek any medical treatment between October 27 and October 31,\" said a civic health official.When his condition worsened, he approached the doctor who had earlier treated him for pulmonary TB. Jain required intensive care and was moved to Rao Nursing Home on November 2. But due to non-availability of an ICU bed there he was shifted to Adventist Hospital in Market Yard on the same day.His condition deteriorated further and he was put on ventilator support around 1.30 pm on Sunday. But his condition continued to worsen and he died at 2.55 pm.The first 48 hours of the illness are considered to be crucial to stop the virus from causing serious harm. Factors that warrant early medication include pregnancy, obesity , asthma and a weakened immune system. The World Health Organisation estimates that one in 25 people in the developing world falls in these risk groups.Currently, nine patients are being treated for the H1N1 influenza at different hospitals in the city. Of these, one person is in critical condition and has been put on ventilator support.One more case of swine flu was reported on Sunday. Since April, the virus has infected 478 people in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096707", "title": "Bollywood calling!", "text": "Even before Meera Kathiravan has started shooting for his second film, Vizhithiru, the director says he's been getting offers to remake the project in Hindi. Meera says, \"A top Bollywood production house has offered to fund the Hindi version, and I will start work on it from 2013.\"The film has Kreshna playing the lead, with Venkat Prabhu, Dhansika, Vitharth, Nadodigal Abhinaya, Deiva Thiirumagal Sarah, Thambi Ramiah, Erica Fernandez, Rahul Bhaskaran and Nagendra Babu (brother of Chiranjeevi) in important roles.The director, who debuted with Aval Peyar Thamizharasi , adds, \"The film is about how Kreshna's character meets the others and influences them in their life. Despite being an action thriller, set in the background of Chennai, the film will have equal dosage of emotions and comedy.\"While Vijay Milton will handle the cinematography, Praveen and Srikanth have been roped in as editors. We hear that talks are on Yuvan Shankar Raja to compose music.He adds, \"We uploaded the film's teaser online, and it has gone viral already. We will start filming from the first week of December.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17092743", "title": "Mulund suicide: husband arrested", "text": "Cops arrested the husband of beautician Naina Chowdhary, who committed suicide at her Mulund house on Saturday, in an abetment case. Naina had taken a loan for her business.The couple would fight over finances.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17096947", "title": "'Difficult to defend my recommendations': UP Lok Ayukta", "text": "LUCKNOW: Heading inquiries into various charges of corruption against ministers of the former regime in the state, Uttar Pradesh Lokayukta Justice N K Malhotra has said he finds it difficult, as an individual, to defend his recommendations made against ministers because his charges are being challenged through petitions before the High Court and the Supreme Court.Bringing out his predicament, Mehrotra said he hopes that the judiciary will to come to his rescue as those who had to demit their offices following his adverse recommendations on charges of corruption, arrayed him as respondent in their petitions.Saying that he has made recommended action against eight cabinet ministers from the previous government, led by Mayawati , forcing them to give up their post and three ministers in the present government, led by Akhilesh Yadav , Mehrotra said he is spending the bulk of his time in responding to a series of litigation against him and hopes that the judiciary will come to his rescue.Earlier, speaking to TOI, Mehtrotra had expressed his displeasure with the UP government for delaying the enquiry into the Noida farmhouse scam. Saying that the Noida authority had forced inordinate delays in producing all land allotment documents to help proceed with inquiry into the multi-crore farmhouse scam, Mehrotra also said the delay was a result of the numerous law suits filed against him. \"I have been attending to all the litigation in which I have been made respondent. Apart from the inquiries I have to conduct, a large amount of my time is also spent attending to these.\"Though the multi-crore-rupee Noida farmhouse scam inquiry was handed over to the Lok Ayukta in the first week of August, his office has been unable to make major inroads into the fund irregularities because of official red tape. In the past two months, Mehrotra has also given the Noida Authority three extensions in deadline for turning in the relevant documents. He also asked Noida CEO Sanjiv Saran to make personal appearance, but the officer has not complied with the order so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17094667", "title": "With 48 hours to go, US headed for a photo-finish", "text": "WASHINGTON: You know the campaign finale is close at hand when the voice of the principals has turned hoarse. Democrat incumbent Barack Obama and Republican challenger Mitt Romney entered the rough and raucous final 48 hours in the race to the White House locked at 48-48 in nationwide popular vote and eyeing a handful of states that could play the electoral vote tie-breaker.'Barnstorming' and 'whistlestop' are two of the more colourful words American elections have contributed to English lexicon. Both Obama and Romney are doing the 21st century equivalent of them, storming not barns but factory floors, and using not trains but airplanes that fly them in and out of half-dozen states in a single day.Their speeches are well-worn, repeating claims and pledges made over the past several months to loyal supporters. But in the final hours the aim is to ask them not to take anything for granted and get them to the polling stations on Tuesday.Both sides seem aware that a few hundred votes could make the difference in winning and losing a 'battleground' state and with it the whole election; which is why among their vapour trail visits just a few hours apart on Saturday was one to Dubuque, Iowa, a town that seems to come straight out of a limerick, and a state that has only six electoral votes.The Obama campaign also released an ad on Saturday evocatively titled '537 votes' \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the margin of a controversial Bush victory in Florida that tipped its 25 electoral votes, and with it the White House, in his favour in 2000. The message: every vote counts in toss-up states. The Romney campaign similarly is straining nerve and sinew to make sure its flock will vote on Tuesday. Turnout is the key.By the time Obama ended Saturday at a rally in a Jiffy Lube station in Virginia and returned to the White House it was close to midnight and his voice was cracking, but he was off again at the crack of dawn on Sunday for another four-state swing in the company of the party's explainer-in-chief, Bill Clinton , whose voice is equally shot.Romney meantime headed out on Sunday morning to Des Moines , another Iowa town that was uncharitably trashed by the writer Bill Bryson in the opening lines of a travelogue which read, \"I come from Des Moines; somebody had to\". Never before has the little guy in small-town USA mattered so much.All this when nearly a million New Yorkers and New Jersians are still without power and fuel a week after hurricane Sandy upturned their lives. In an ironic display of the meaning of 'toss-up', an expression much bandied about in this election, the local administration in the storm affected region decreed, in an effort to address fuel shortage, that vehicles with license plates ending with odd numbers would get gas on odd dates, and those with even numbers on even dates.There was just one problem. Many licence plates, including vanity plates, end in letters.Political experts are wondering if such a wrinkle is afoot in Tuesday's election; something obvious that no one had quite thought of.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17093379", "title": "'Science and law gap needs to be bridged'", "text": "VARANASI: A two-day seminar on 'Science, technology and law reform' organised at the Law School, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) concluded on Sunday. Addressing the valedictory function, Justice AP Shahi of Allahabad High Court said that success of law is not ensured by just making the laws. A law becomes successful only when it is implemented in an efficient manner and if it is useful for mankind. He said that law is a medium to regulate human life to ensure social justice.Dhananjay Pandey, director, IIT-BHU, said that development of modern technology is definitely benefiting human beings. As a result, the quality of life and sources of income have increased manifold. \"At the same time, we cannot overlook the ill-effects and problems caused by recent developments in science and technology. These ill-effects can be cured only by effective laws. The inter-relationship between science and technology and law reform in the modern technological era has become more relevant.AP Singh, former secretary, government of Assam, said that because of development and the upper hand of multinational companies, international non-governmental organisations and various international organizations, there is a need for law reform at international level so that these organisations can be used for human benefits.Addressing another technical session, SP Rathore of Gujarat Law University, spoke on 'Bio-technology, nano technology and Law'. DK Srivastava of the faculty of law, BHU, presented his research paper on 'Surrogate mother: An analysis of present and future law'. Because of modern scientific development, there is difference between the laws in relation to emergence of new situation in England and India. In India after the birth of the child, it's mandatory for the surrogate mother to hand over the child to the related person, however, such provision is not in England.It was decided that the proceedings of the seminar will be published and sent to various departments of governments, institutions of research in law and science and other agencies.Earlier, dean, BC Nirmal delivered the welcome address. He said that law and science both came into existence in the form of a product of civilization and knowledge in Europe. Law has been an integral part of growth of civilization as well as human life since ancient times, whereas the impact of science on human life is a recent phenomenon. Today human life and activities are deeply influenced by science, whereas the law is playing the role of regulator of human life and activities. \"In today's democratic era and in the interest of man and society, we must understand the inter-relationship between law and science. There has always been some distance between science and law. It is necessary to bridge the gap.JP Rai, organising secretary, said that more than 400 participants, including experts of science and technology and law from more than 18 states attended the seminar.Competition organised: A general knowledge competition was organised by Keshav Bal Pustakalya at as many as 13 examination centres in city on Sunday. As many as 8000 students from different schools participated in the competition.Demonstration: Local residents of Nathupur locality in Maduadih area staged demonstration for removal of mobile tower from the area on Sunday. Volleyball Tournament: The opening ceremony of the Inter Zonal Inter University Volleyball (Women) tournament organised by University Sports Board, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) will be held at Amphitheatre ground on Monday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17096996", "title": "Saying it with sand sculptures", "text": "Art students in Vizag have taken to creating beautiful sand sculptures on the beach road to celebrate everything from patriotism to their favourite pop iconIf you've spent some time at the beach in your childhood, chances are that you've playfully attempted making sand castles. However, art students at Andhra University have taken this beach pastime to a whole new artistic level with their beautiful sand sculptures. In fact, these artistes use their sand sculptures to commemorate important events. While some students made a huge sand sculpture of Michael Jackson on his birthday, they made one of the former AP CM, YSR Rajasekhara Reddy, on his death anniversary. Other popular works included a dedication to Bharat Mata.Speaking to us, Bobbadi Yernendra, a final year art student, says, \"This art form calls for team effort and at least six to seven students are involved in its making. It takes about two days to finish the sculpture. The whole process can be quite laborious.\" With students vying with each other to come up with novel themes, the beach art scene in Vizag is quite a vibrant one. \"Sand sculptures require a lot of concentration and creative thinking as we have to use only sand and water and cannot use other materials to enhance the look,\" explains Devendra, a first year student.While sand sculpture is a challenging art form, sand portraits in particular, require painstaking attention to detail. Rana Naresh, a student of Andhra University, says, \"The surface ground should be hard and we need to ensure that the sand is patted every two minutes till the finish. Our professor Ravi Shankar Patnaik is very helpful and he gives us the right advice to move forward.\"After hours of labour, the sand sculptures are beautiful to look at, but very fragile. Bobbadi Narendra, an artist says, \"It's extremely scary when it rains. Even though we take measures, it's really difficult to save the entire portrait. Sometimes, we have to start everything all over again.\" And the artists don't seem to mind doing it all, for it's after all a labour of love.Next on the pipeline is a tribute to the Father of the Nation. Bobbadi Yernendra, reveals, \"Before we complete our final year course, we are planning to make a huge sand sculpture of Mahatma Gandhi . It will be ready before January 26 to commemorate Republic Day.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093751", "title": "'Attacked' by hawkers, couple faces cop action", "text": "MUMBAI: The increasing belligerence among illegal hawkers and police apathy was evident again when a Goregaon couple was assaulted by vendors on Friday night. Ironically, the Goregaon police have decided to initiate chapter proceedings under the Criminal Procedure Code (CRPC)'s Section 107 against the hawkers as well as the couple, Kavita Thakker (44) and husband Sanjay (45).This is the second time in three months when the couple has been asked to sign a one-year bond of Rs 5,000 assuring the police that they will not disrupt peace in the area. The Thakkers have already moved the Bombay high court to quash the earlier showcause notice served on them on July 23.Chapter proceedings are usually initiated against repeat offenders who disturb peace in a neighbourhood through violent acts.Kavita told TOI, \"I was on my way home when a hawker's son passed lewd remarks at me. When I confronted him, he started abusing me. He was about to slap me, but I stopped him. My husband was waiting for me in our building compound and rushed to my rescue. Around 100 hawkers surrounded him. He was kicked in the stomach, slapped and beaten up. His cellphone was snatched from him.\"Before the Thakkers could lodge a complaint, a counter complaint was registered by the hawkers against the couple. Both parties were asked to visit the nearby Siddarth hospital for a check-up.\"My right hand is injured. The medical report says my husband was slapped and beaten on his stomach and hands. We lodged an NC and left around 1.30am for our home. Police officers say they will have to listen to the hawkers as they had complained first. The police have asked us to give our explanation in court and assured us that they will take action against these hawkers,\"said Kavita.A Goregaon police officer said, \"A cross NC has been registered against both the parties and proceedings will be initiated under Section 107. They have to sign a one-year bond, saying they won't quarrel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17094836", "title": "Experts told to look into health-care needs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: During the ongoing golden jubilee celebrations of the advanced pediatrics centre at PGI, a special session was addressed by Prof M K Bhan, secretary to the Government of India, department of biotechnology on Sunday.Prof Bhan spoke on the theme of \"Perspective and Horizon in Pediatrics\". Quoting Mahatma Gandhi, Bhan said science should be used to solve mankind's problems; and advocated giving science with a human face. Citing specific examples, Bhan further outlined his department's unique \"Design for Innovation\" scheme that connects health-care professionals with a multi-disciplinary team of experts, to devise solutions for practical health care needs in India.The special session was chaired by Prof O N Bhakoo, PGI's first pediatrics faculty, who later developed neonatology services and the DM training programme.Bhan also released the compendium of the pediatrics department; that includes all the research conducted in pediatrics at PGI over the last 50 years.Aspiring surgeons learn during meetAspiring surgeons learned practical tips and innovative methods involved in performing safe laparoscopic surgery from experts at the conference of Laparoscopic Surgeons of India held at PGI. The expert demonstrated a host of surgeries in general and GI surgery, urology and gynaecology. A live laparoscopic surgery of hernia and colon cancer was demonstrated on the concluding day of the conference.While Dr Goro Honda from Japan delivered a lecture on laparoscopic liver surgery, many young surgeons presented their scientific papers in various sessions.During the conference, the general body of Society of Endoscopic &amp; Laparoscopic Surgeons of India unanimously elected Prof G R Verma as its president. The objective of this association is to provide training to aspiring laparoscopic surgeons at a low cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094555", "title": "No move to cull chicken, says ADM", "text": "KOCHI: Additional district magistrate ( ADM) B Ramachandran has informed that there was no move to cull chicken raised in farms across the district.The clarification came after media reports that there were plans to cull poultry.In the wake of bird flu, the district administration has constituted a disaster respons force.Members of the force will inspect farms and submit a report.Ramachandran has also instructed life stock assistants to report cases exhibiting symptoms of bird flu or unnatural death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095095", "title": "Will young America vote?", "text": "The student population in the US generally avoids political engagement except in cases such as 2008 when Obama was elected. This time, there is no evidence to suggest any exceptional new voting patterns.Young people in America have a deplorable voting record. Although President Barack Obama got 66% of the youth vote in 2008, only 18% of electorate was young voters in the 18 to 29 yearold demographic, marking a 1% increase from the three previous elections.In the 2012 US presidential election, Obama is hoping to maintain his favoured status with the young masses. Polls show that Republican challenger Mitt Romney is trailing the president by 17% when it comes to the youth vote. But will they actually come out and perform their civic duty?In the last four years, there have been a number changes to the American political system that have had a profound impact on voters' perception of representative government in the US. The current presidential contest is the most expensive in American history, reaching the $6 billion mark. This feat in campaign spending was achieved with the help of the Supreme Court, which ruled that the government could not limit independent political expenditures by corporations, because doing so would be restricting a form of free speech. This ruling opened the way for the formation super political action committees (PAC), entities through which corporations can spend unlimited funds in support of or against a political candidate .However, from the sidelines of American politics, a figure has emerged, teaching the youth through humour about why their civic participation matters and how they can work a system eschewed toward moneyed corporation. AfterStephen Colbert , comedianhost of the farcical conservative news show The Colbert Report, garnered approval to start his own Super PAC last year, he held a press conference outside the FEC building in Washington, DC, and declared, \"I believe that anyone, no matter who they are, if they are determined and willing to work hard, they can grow up to create a legal entity, which could be used to influence our elections.\"Colbert also sold 1,000 'Do-It-Yourself' Super PAC kits across college campuses, which students used to form their own independent political expenditures committees. So, in this election, maybe we shouldn't decry the low turnout among young voters . As American democracy evolves, for better or worse, they too will find a way to match their voice to the tune of the times.- Turna Ray Alumnus, Boston UniversityIn solidarity with the famous Winston Churchill quote, \"If you're young and conservative you're heartless and if you're old and liberal you're stupid,\" young people in America traditionally vote for the Democratic party and its candidates . College students in particular and students at America's historically 'elite' colleges, traditionally vote Democratic. One often-heard idea is that 'as soon as they begin paying taxes on their earnings' the voting preferences of this population shift to the political centre or right.One interesting aspect of the conversation concerning the voting patterns of college students is the fact that college students attending school outside of their home state have the option to register to vote in either their home state or the state in which they are in school. Both voters and campaigns, which expend considerable energy in both time and money on identifying and targeting likely voters, can utilise this to their advantage . For instance, because of the way the presidential election process is set up under the US constitution, the president is not elected by a purely popular vote, but by a process known as the electoral college. Essentially the process favours several key states where the outcomes are uncertain.This explains why a student from Florida, but attending school in Michigan, will choose to vote by absentee ballot in Florida, because her vote in Florida will be much more potentially influential as Florida is a critical swing state in presidential elections. Besides a few active students, the overall student population generally avoids political engagement except in cases such as 2008 when Obama was able to motivate a large number of students. In this election however, with the possible exception of the young vicepresidential candidate Paul Ryan , there isn't any evidence to suggest any exceptional new voting patterns.- Benjamin Lamont Harvard College, Class of 2014", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17094898", "title": "Saru Sharma shines at art exhibition", "text": "LUDHIANA: A two-day exhibition-cum-workshop to encourage budding artists in the city concluded with a prize distribution function on Sidhwan canal road, near South City, on Sunday evening.The exhibition opened around 11am. The highlight of the day was a workshop that was supervised by artist Kalicharan Gupta, who shared his thoughts with the participants.Over 35 people from different walks of life took part in the workshop onthemes: ''Make up your mind'', ''Open living - everyone has a story'' and ''Art loves fashion''.The participants said they thoroughly enjoyed the event. Saru Sharma, a resident of Civil Lines, received the first prize, Shiv Shankar second and Karuna Madaan third. Urvashi Agarwal, a budding artist, got a consolation prize.\"It is good that such exhibitions and workshops are being organized in the city. There is a lot of talent here that needs to be groomed. Ludhiana is an industrial hub. It is time that all art lovers come forward to make it an art and cultural hotspot too,\" said Saru, who gave up teaching some years ago to devote all her time to painting which is her first love.The exhibition saw 30 budding artists from Ludhiana exhibiting their work. They were short-listed through a competition organized on a social-networking site. They were selected from over 400 entries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "17094280", "title": "January 31 deadline for Hazaribag-Koderma rail track", "text": "HAZARIBAG: The government on Thursday gave January 31 deadline to East Central Railway for completing the first phase of the Hazaribag-Koderma track as part of the Koderma-Hazaribag-Barkakana-Ranchi rail project, which has been delayed by two years.The decision was taken at a review meeting held here on Thursday between Hazaribag MP Yashwant Sinha , Deputy Commissioner Manish Ranjan and SP Manoj Kaushik on one side and project officials - chief administrative officer G S Tiwari, chief engineer J K Verma and deputy chief engineer (construction) of Hazribag-Koderma project Hazaribag-Koderma - on the other.East Central Railway has completed 90 per cent of earth work and railway lines. But work got delayed due to villagers' protest against construction of railway bridges at Katkumsandi PS and Manjhgawan under Padma police station.The Rs 900-crore Koderma-Hazaribag rail stretch will cover nine stations, out of which construction of three stations have been completed.Ranjan and Kaushik assured Sinha that local problems would be resolved within a fortnight such that the project meets deadline. The SP said he would deploy police force to areas where the railways is facing protests. After being assured by both MP and the administration the railway authorities promised to expedite the commissioning date of the railway line withen the given time.Tiwari and Verma said goods train between Koderma and Urwan Station, stretching over 14 km, have already started moving and will soon be extended once the construction of the major railway bridge over the Telaiya Dam reservoir is completed by the end of December. The speciality of this bridge is that trains will pass through tunnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095646", "title": "Govt takes annuity road to woo firms", "text": "KOLKATA: Stung by the lack of funds, the government is now trying to woo investors by treading the annuity path. The West Bengal Highway Development Corporation, which was set up by the government to improve road connectivity of the state, is all set to employ private players to widen and maintain state highways on an annuity basis.RITES, a railway organization that did a survey of five highways in the state on behalf of the corporation, proposed in its preliminary report that the government should opt for an annuity plan to rope in private operators. Under the scheme, the government will pay the operators from time to time over a specified period of time.The highways that were considered for the survey include Kolkata-Basanti (SH3), Bankura-Khatra-Baidyabati (SH2), Changrabandha-Mathabhanga-Hasimara (SH 12A), Mechogram-Goaltore-Jhalda (SH4) and Rupnarayanpur-Contai-Junput (SH5).Since the traffic flow on state highways is not very high, government officials believe the annuity scheme will help in attracting private operators. Often, private players refuse to participate in road construction since the toll tax they collect from these stretches does not meet their expectation. Under such circumstances, it is believed that the annuity scheme will encourage these private firms.\"If traffic flow on highways is low, private operators may not recover their invested amount through taxes within a specific period. So this annuity concept will encourage them. Under this scheme, the government, and not the private operator, will be responsible for collecting tolls from the vehicles. In fact, the government will pay the developer a sum annually,\" a government official said.RITES suggested for private-public partnership on the basis of design, build, finance, operate and transfer on annuity and toll-collection basis. The agency stated that the state government should approach for overseas loans from organizations like the Asian Development Bank and the Japan Bank for International Corporation for overhauling the state highways.\"In road projects, the developers are normally given the right to collect toll to compensate the cost of construction. But the survey conducted by the RITES has shown that the five highways, which are going to be rebuilt, do not have enough traffic flow at all points. So this annuity is going to be given to the private operators to encourage them,\" said Ajit Ranjan Bardhan, secretary, PWD.The basic objective of RITES during the survey was to find out the corridors that should be developed by private operators. \"The potential users of the corridors need to be identified and classified to assess viability of the corridors,\" the RITES report said. \"The main objective is to find out suitable stretches of the corridors and harness options like construction of roads.\"According to plans, the operators will build toll plazas, roadside amenities including bus stands and night shelters, for passengers. Around 60 spots had already been identified. Plans are on to improve the intersections and junctions of state highways, which lack proper standard. Moreover, the private operators will be entrusted to set up traffic signs, road markings, safety barriers, pedestrian railing other than landscaping and plantation along the roads.However, RITES has apprehension about the land acquisition problem and getting environment clearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094541", "title": "Rally showcases Rahul; Congress stands firms on FDI", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress on Sunday sent an emphatic signal of Rahul Gandhi's impending ascendancy by getting the Amethi MP to spearhead its retaliation against opposition's onslaught over corruption and FDI in multi-brand retail.Amid rising drum beats over his impending anointment to a hands-on role in organizational matters, Rahul opened the counter-offensive at a massive rally here, speaking ahead of Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and slamming opposition's claim that allowing global retailers to set up shop in India will put mom-and-pop stores out of business as \"mindless and thoughtless\".The Sunday power show at Ramlila Maidan was intended to deliver several messages: The rise of Rahul, a pep talk to the cadre in the wake of attacks by anti-graft crusaders and opposition, a counter-punch over corruption and support to the latest round of reforms initiated by the PM. These were all sent across in unambiguous language.There were clear, although familiar, signs to herald Rahul's formal designation as the No.2. Rallyists carried placards proclaiming him as prime minister-designate. In their warm up speeches, chief ministers of Rajasthan and Haryana -- Ashok Gehlot and B S Hooda -- said the formality of his anointment be completed without delay, and Congress general secretary Janardan Dwivedi declared him to be the country's future.The young leader tried to live up to the billing by accusing the opposition of being obstructionists without a positive agenda and by claiming that the PM and Sonia had \"shown the way\" on major economic and welfare issues. He took on rivals over corruption, holding up the Right To Information initiative as the \"most powerful tool to tackle corruption\". Opposition was slammed also for \"spreading falsehoods\" on reforms and corruption.Significantly, he used the rally organized in support of the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail to reassure the crowd that he has not forgotten Congress's pledge to work for the aam aadmi.It was an assertive Rahul who audaciously positioned himself as an agent of change, promising to usher in greater inclusiveness in the political system that has \"shut the door on the common man\". The pitch was a reassuring signal that he was ready for the 2014 battle.Sonia amplified Rahul's message further, launching a hard-hitting attack against the opposition for trying to tar the government with corruption charges despite being \"immersed in the muck of corruption\" itself - an indirect reference to controversies surrounding BJP chief Nitin Gadkari's business deals.The PM harped on fast growth to pull people out of poverty and rebutted criticism of FDI in retail, arguing that \"there is enough room for both small shops and retailers\". He sought to firm up support for reforms, saying, \"Some tough decisions have to be taken and we must embrace change bravely.\"Sonia's speech was significant for its assertive tone as the effort seemed to be to dispel any notion that she has lost the will to fight Congress's foes. Her remark that Congress cadre had nothing to feel apologetic was intended to fire party morale and show that she has not been shaken by a barrage of political and personal attacks.The PM highlighted the people-friendly aspects of reform like direct cash transfers that he said will put money in the bank accounts of beneficiaries while also promising inclusive growth for farmers and the under privileged. Rahul pointed to the rural guarantee scheme and the loan waiver of 2009.The roles of Rahul, the PM and Sonia in terms of their speeches seemed to have been identified before hand as Rahul said Singh would dwell on the economic situation at length. He firmly endorsed the PM's argument that growth was necessary to fund welfare schemes for farmers and poor. \"So we will move with both,\" he said.Although she backed reforms, Sonia made it clear that it was not the only arrow in the UPA quiver. \"We need new investment and FDI is one component of it. It will benefit not just farmers but also the common man and the youth,\" she said.Her jibe at BJP over the Gadkari affair that \"people who were lecturing us till yesterday have been found to be neck deep in the morass of corruption\" would have struck home as she further rubbed it in by mockingly observing, \"One who digs a ditch for others finds a well ready for him.\"Sonia painted BJP as a poor loser indulging in obstructionism in Parliament for being unable to \"digest the defeats of 2004 and 2009\". She said, \"They don't want to pass the laws for public welfare, don't want discussion on issues of national interest because they are themselves trapped in issues to be discussed and they would stand exposed.\"She admitted that graft was a cancer that hit the poor the hardest and argued that she was not just countering BJP charges. \"We will fight it with full force, will not spare anyone against whom corruption is proved,\" she said.Both Rahul and Sonia referred to the food security law that they said will soon be enacted so that no one goes hungry. She even asked critics like BJP to point out if anyone has run a government that has taken so many steps for socio-economic changes in urban and rural areas in so little time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17093965", "title": "My best drugs came from Goa, says Bob Geldof", "text": "PANAJI: The thousand-odd people came in for a night they'd never forget. It wasn't for the droning, monotonous electronic beats that render the Goan air every Saturday night. This time, it was music from a different era. Pure, unadulterated rock n' roll it was, and from one of punk's best-known, best-loved and most revered figures.When Sir Bob Geldof arrived on stage, he did it with a bang. You wouldn't say the rocker, peace activist and humanitarian was 62. Within a few minutes, with electric and highly-contagious energy, he dragged his audience\u00e2\u20ac\u201dmany of whom were formally-dressed and had sat through lectures all day\u00e2\u20ac\u201d right off their chairs and onto the floor.But even before he actually got rolling, he decided to flirt with controversy. \"I'm happy to be in Goa, from where I got my best drugs,\" he said. The brutal honesty came out of the blue, and was greeted with polite laughter, but also with gasps of astonishment from the few Goans in the audience, who regarded it a taunt and an affront on the state's identity.Throughout the concert, which was among Goa's best rock gigs in the last few years, the irrepressible Geldof peppered his set with snide remarks.\"I played in Bombay and Madras,\" he said, before adding, \"I know they've changed their names since. The next time I come, they'll probably f***ing change them again.\"Controversial as his comments may have been, back on stage, he could still put musicians half his age to shame\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhen he felt the audience got tired and unresponsive, he quipped, \"This feels like playing at a wedding!\"But by the end, it was Geldof who had the last laugh, since as his set neared its end, the wild crowd couldn't get enough, dancing and prancing, asking for one more, an encore, and then even more.The controversy regarding his Goa comment, though, didn't end with the concert. Speaking to TOI on Sunday on the sidelines of the ideas conclave where he performed, the former Boomtown Rats frontman was unapologetic. \"You want me to apologize?\" he asked. Then, clarifying his statement, he said, \"When I was a kid, all my best drugs came from Goa. Back then, in my head, I associated drugs with Goa. The two were one.\"Geldof, who was knighted at 34 and has been nominated for the Nobel peace prize, didn't stop there. Later, speaking to mediapersons, he commented on Goa the 1960s hippie haven. \"I'm Irish; back then, I was 14. Goa was this land with drugs, beaches and beautiful women who would s*** (engage in coitus with) you.\"Later, on being informed on the changes that have come about in Goa since the 60s, Geldof launched into a series of questions. His visible excitement to be in Goa stemmed from the fact that it was his first visit. Geldof, mildly surprised by the reaction to his comment, displayed a genuine interest in the state and its development since the 1960s.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093121", "title": "Fun time for the crowd", "text": "PATNA: It was a different green and so were the players at this rally. With bandana having arrow mark on their heads, it was a fun time for many of the participants who reached the Gandhi Maidan enjoying, dancing and playing colours to make the rally a historic one.Some of the groups had elephants and camels while others were dancing to the tune of popular Bhojpuri and Bollywood songs played by the accompanying bands. For some, it was like participating in a 'baraat'. Many JD-U supporters were seen wearing white T-shirts with Nitish's photo and shouting slogans. The crazy supporters had painted themselves in green with slogan - 'Vishesh rajya ka darja le kar rahenge.'A rally of 50 tricycles from Munger caught the attention of many as they staged a street play on 'Bihar ka hak'. Many of the participants were standing at the gates and even climbed on the trees and boundary wall of the venue to get a close glimpse of their favourite leaders.Since most of the people attending the rally were not even aware about the 'special status', it was a fun time for them as they spent the 'participation money' on buying items selling outside the maidan. \"I am buying T-shirts for my kids. They are so stylish and cheap,\" said Manku Prasad, from Munger. Children were seen enjoying at various food stalls while women were hopping from one stall to another for buying accessories.A good number of people were sleeping on the ground, waiting for the CM' speech. \"I am at the maidan since Friday evening and haven't slept at night,\" said Bhanu Jha, a farmer from Nawada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "motihari", "code": "17093186", "title": "Gandhi's statue vandalized", "text": "MOTIHARI: Anti-social elements twisted and broke Mahatma Gandhi's walking stick alongside Bapu's life size statue located on platform no 2 of Bapudham-Motihari railway station on Saturday night. The statue was installed by the railway ministry and was unveiled by the then railway minister Lalu Prasad on October 4, 2006.Station superintendent of Bapudham-Motihari Rakesh Kumar Tripathi said he has informed higher officials about the vandalisation and government railway police (GRP) and railway protection force (RPF) are investigating the case. The statue will be repaired soon, he added. This statue is located in front of RPF police station. Locals feel the damage occurred to the apparent negligence of RPF. Mahatma Gandhi had reached Motihari for the first time by train on April 15, 1917, to launch the Champaran Satyagraha. The railway had installed the statue here to commemorate the historic event.Bombs recovered: The police recovered three live bombs from the dicky of an unclaimed motorcycle parked near Gandak canal adjacent to Mathiya village on Kesariya-Chakiya road on Saturday evening and the bomb disposal squad of Muzaffarpur has been requisitioned to defuse it .The police suspect Maoists were carrying these bombs in a motorcycle to nearby Darmaha village but they escaped fearing police patrol, leaving the motorcycle behind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098878", "title": "Ganesh, the new prince on the block", "text": "Ganesh Venkatraman is pretty excited that his upcoming film Chandra has turned out well. \"This is the first time I got to play a prince, and my role has shaped up well, something on the lines of a Mills and Boons character. We just wrapped up yet another schedule in the Bangalore Place,\" says the actor.He adds, \"This is also the first time that I got to do comedy in a film, that too with veteran comedian Vivekh. I play Shriya Saran's love interest in the film, who is a princess. The entire film has developed like a fairy tale, which young girls can quickly relate to. It's a slice of life. Director Roopa Iyer has done her best for the film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17095171", "title": "China party meet says bye to Mao mantra, expels Bo", "text": "BEIJING: The political bureau of the Communist Party of China quietly brushed aside a 60-year-old mantra called 'The Mao Dezong Thought' in the official communique issued on Sunday after a four-day conclave. It also approved the earlier decision of the top leadership to expel disgraced politician Bo Xilai from the party's membership.The latest move strengthens speculation that the party's new leaders will clearly distance themselves from the Mao legacy, which is seen as a hurdle in the process of economic liberalization and gradual political relaxation. However, the bureau confirmed it was being guided by the thoughts of post-reform leaders: Deng Xiaoping , Jiang Zeming and President Hu Jintao .The conclave is part of the planned leadership transition scheduled for November 8. China's Vice President Xi Jinping , who is expected to replace Hu as the country's President, discussed the planned amendments to the party's constitution during the secret conclave. The nature of amendments has not been disclosed.The 365-member bureau announced the appointment of two vice-chairmen of the Central Military Commission while reasserting the party's control of the military . The new vice-chairmen are former air force commander Xu Qiliang and Fan Changlong, head of Jinan military region.The conclave identified official corruption as an important reason for dissatisfaction among the people, and decided to strengthen its drive to hunt down corrupt officials. Communist Party's critics say it has often used anti-corruption drive to weed out dissenting officials . There are signs the party is now ready to slap criminal charges on former Chongqing leader Bo Xilai and former railway minister Liu Zhijun .In the communique , the bureau said that in the past five years the party has \"withstood the trials of numerous difficulties and risks\" . But it has managed to maintain stable and relatively-fast economic growth and rising living standards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093101", "title": "Till October, NHAI had met 6% of road contracts target for year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Prime Minister Manmohan Singh said on Sunday that the government would target construction of 17,000km of roads over the next two years, a goal that looks ambitious given the current pace.Against the target of awarding contracts for construction of 9,500km during the current financial year, the National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) has managed to bid out only 600km during April-October \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which is a shade over 6% of the annual target fixed by Singh himself.In terms of actual construction, between April and October, NHAI had built around 1,170 km, against its annual target of 3,000km. The progress in case of other agencies engaged by the highways ministry could not be accessed, though sources said its not more than 200km.NHAI and other agencies will need to step up the pace of road construction to over 23km a day to build 17,000 km over the next two years as envisaged by the PM. Despite promising to pick up the pace of construction to 20 km a day, the government has so far managed to build 11-12km a day. Sunday's statement by the PM is being seen as a fresh move to get road construction agencies to accelerate the pace by 2014, when general elections are due.Highways minister C P Joshi appeared confident of NHAI and his ministry meeting the target although officials in the highway authority admit that it would be able to close the year with contracts for around 6,000km. \"Last year, we awarded contracts for 8,500km and this year we will meet the target of 9,500km. Next year too, we are hoping to touch 8,500km. You wait for five months and you will see it for yourself,\" the minister told TOI over phone.NHAI officials said adverse economic conditions and a heavy workload on the handful of large contractors such as L&T;, Reliance and GMR had resulted in several road stretches seeing few or even no bids. There are nearly two dozen highway projects where developers are still hunting for funds. In the absence of interest from private players, the government is now looking to take up more road stretches on its own.\"We expect the awarding to catch up in the next couple of months. The target of awarding 4,000km on 100% government funding will be met and we will have substantial achievement in other sectors such as Left Wing Extremist areas and highways\" a ministry official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093911", "title": "Let red tape not drown the plan", "text": "The idea to have an independent body to address the city's water woes and crumbling sewerage system is appreciable. But it should not turn out to be another government institution that gets caught in red tape. The new model should work towards arresting the 30% water loss in distribution and curb pilferage in the supply lines. It should also address the issue of contamination. Similarly, the sewerage lines require urgent replacement. The idea should not be shot down for lack of political will. An effective system should be established so that it is financially independent and not debt-ridden like the BEST.Related Story  :  US firm backs new entity plan for water &amp; sewerage depts", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097612", "title": "Gargi on a roll", "text": "Last seen in a blink-and-miss role in Srijit Mukherji's 'Hemlock Society', Gargi Banerjee is now going places. The model-turned actor is getting good offers and has her hands full at the moment. We hear Gargi is all set to play the role of a journalist in director Ritobroto Bhattacharya's 'Basanta Utsav'. When quizzed, the actress said, \"I play Subhashree, a student of journalism from Shantiniketan. The film focuses on her relationship with Ritoda's (Ritobroto) character. He plays a reporter in the film, who comes to Shantiniketan to cover Basanta Utsav.\"  So, is he only Subhashree's mentor or something more than that? \"I can only reveal this much about my character,\" smiled Gargi adding, \"This year, I am lucky to play Holi twice. The colours of abir are making each frame of the film look so vibrant.\" Interestingly, Gargi is also part of Rajeev Gupta's new film Singur \u00e2\u20ac\u201d A Rescue Operation . For Rajeev, who has edited films like Kuch Naa Kaho , Shortkut \u00e2\u20ac\u201d The Con Is On, Dil Ka Doctor, Zakhmi Aurat and serials like Kismat, Crime Time, this would be his second directorial after Molly. Gargi plays the lead in this bilingual film which also stars Mainak Banerjee, Anushree Basu, Pritha Sur and others. \"Yes, I am part of the film,\" confirmed Gargi. The shooting for the film starts from November 18, in and around Singur. But the director who has penned the story seemed tight-lipped about the project. When CT asked him if it is a political film dealing with Singur issue, all he said was, \"This is not the right time to talk. All I can share at the moment is that my film is based on a rescue operation. Mainak plays the hero while Gargi essays the role of a commando officer. And as I am shooting the film here, I thought of casting actors from Tollywood.\" Gargi is also part of Utsav Mukherjee's comedy film Half Serious .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095666", "title": "Enforcement Directorate's case against Amar to fall through", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Enforcement Directorate's (ED) money laundering case against former Samajwadi Party (SP) leader Amar Singh looks set to fall through with the Uttar Pradesh Police filing a closure report deciding to withdraw economic offence charges against him.Sources in ED said UP Police's closure report will - if accepted by the court - knock the bottom out of ED's proceedings against the expelled SP leader. The Prevention of Money Laundering Act (PMLA) cannot be invoked against persons if they are not being prosecuted for illegalities under other laws - from Indian Penal Code to Prevention of Corruption Act to anti-narcotic NDPS Act. UP Police's Economic Offence Wing's (EOW) proceedings against Singh fulfilled the criterion - defined as predicate offence - and enabled the ED to start PMLA proceedings against him and his associates.This will cease to exist if the closure report passes muster with the court.\"If there is no predicate offence, and if court accepts the closure report of EOW, ED as per the PMLA provisions has no case against Singh,\" sources said. Since there was no foreign transaction involved, the former SP leader has no case against him or his associates under the Foreign Exchange Management Act either, taking him completely off the ED's hook. The ED started a probe against Singh in May, 2011, under PMLA based on an FIR registered by the UP Police, and after the Allahabad High Court asked for a central agency to investigate the charges of money laundering allegedly worth more than Rs 400 crore.The ED had on the basis of FIR made preliminary investigation. However, with police acknowledging that it has failed to establish any quid pro quo or any offence against him, the ED's case may not have the legal leg to stand on. Nothing had come of the income tax investigation against Singh either.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093159", "title": "Two duped of Rs 14 lakh after promising a job in Australia", "text": "JAIPUR: Two men including an MBA degree holder have lodged an FIR with Jhotwara police alleging that they were duped of Rs 14 lakh by a man who promised them a job in Australia. The complainants said that the man was neither returning the money, nor did he get them the job.According to the police, the FIR has been registered by Sarvar Khan and Salim Parvej Khan, residents of Raghunathpuri near Kalwar Road. \"One Danveer Singh had promised Sarvar Khan and Salim Khan a job in Australia. Singh claimed that he would get Sarvar and Salim good salary. However, they would have to shell out Rs 7 lakh each,\" said assistant sub inspector Jay Singh who is investigating the case.The officer said that Singh came to their house in May and got their passports. He then came back in June and took the money. \"Singh kept them in dark saying that their job applications were under process. However, Sarvar and Salim soon released that they had been duped. They tried to get his money back from Singh on his own. However, when Singh refused and started ignoring Sarvar and Salim's calls, they became suspicious and lodged a complaint,\" said the officer.The officer added that an investigation has been launched into the allegations. \"We have registered the FIR under Sections 420 and 406 of IPC,\" said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17095401", "title": "Against UP, Delhi are up against it", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Uttar Pradesh tightened the screws on Delhi on the third day of their Ranji Trophy Group B match at the Nehru stadium.They first stretched their overnight lead to substantial proportions and then picked up four top wickets to keep hopes of a memorable win alive going into the final day.But for that, they will have to get past Virender Sehwag , who was batting on a confident-looking 21 at stumps.After taking a lead of 168, thanks largely to the final two wickets adding 80 runs, UP picked up the four wickets before Delhi had covered the deficit. The home team were, however, hampered by the poor light at the fag end as they could not use their pace bowlers to get at Sehwag, who batted at number six due to a finger injury.For the second time in the game, the big names in the Delhi batting line-up failed to make an impression. Gautam Gambhir and Virat Kohli got into the 40s but they needed to play longer innings to bail Delhi out. Gambir fell trying to cut left-arm spinner Ali Murtaza while Kohli was snapped up behind the stumps off Bhuvneshwar Kumar.Delhi had made a disastrous start to their second innings when young Unmukt Chand, opening in place of Sehwag, was trapped leg before by Bhuvneshwar. It was then that Gambhir and Kohli got the innings going and added 70 for the second wicket before Gambhir's dismissal three balls after having hit Murtaza for a six.Kohli too looked impressive as he drove elegantly and was on the verge of a half-century when he was caught behind driving at an outgoing ball. Delhi for once lost their perennial saviour Punit Bisht early as the wicketkeeper batsman drove at a wide delivery from Imtiaz Ahmed.That brought Sehwag into the middle, much to the delight of the crowd. He was more bothered by the failing light than the bowling and made the most of the spin bowling employed by UP. He collected 21 in that time and was at the crease with Mithun Manhas on 63 when finally umpires called it a day.At this stage, though UP look to be in control, but with Sehwag still at the crease it would be foolhardy to predict the outcome.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "17095554", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh CM asks Manmohan Singh to help secure international funds for projects", "text": "ITANAGAR: Arunachal Pradesh chief minister Nabam Tuki has sought the intervention of Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to facilitate externally-aided funding for development projects in the land-locked border state from organizations like Asian Development Bank (ADB) and World Bank .Tuki called on the PM in New Delhi on Saturday to discuss various developmental issues of the state, especially the implementation of the PM's package, which the latter had announced on January 31, 2008, sources said on Sunday.He informed the Prime Minister that Arunachal Pradesh had applied for funds from ADB for certain infrastructure development projects, but the funds for the projects could not be processed due to some hurdles. He appealed to the PM to intervene into the matter and clear the hurdles so that the state can benefit from international funding agencies.Appraising the PM of the various stages of implementation of the projects, Tuki assured that the generous PM package is being implemented in letter and spirit. He said funds provided under the package are being utilized judiciously, which is being ensured by third-party monitoring system adopted by the state government.The CM also urged the Prime Minister to consider the reconstruction of the historic Stilwell Road to foster bilateral trade with south east Asian countries. He also discussed strategic infrastructure projects like the Lumla-Tashigaon Road and the tunnel from Sange to Jang, which is being surveyed by the NHPC .\"The Lumla-Tashigaon Road in Bhutan will touch Rangiya in Assam and shorten the distance between Tawang and Assam, boost border trade as well as tourism,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kamarpukur (hooghly)", "code": "17095669", "title": "Plays to promote peace on 'Gadai's stage'", "text": "KAMARPUKUR (HOOGHLY): Though Sri Ramakrishna Paramahansa is usually reckoned as a spiritual guru, few know that there was an artist in him.Ramakrishna - who often used to say that theatre was the medium of mass education - had once played the role of Lord Shiva on a stage at Pyne Bari in his native village Kamarpukur in Howrah. Later, Ramakrishna had also visited Star Theatre to see Girish Ghosh's play Notee Binodini.Some 166 years after his maiden appearance on the stage in the Pyne Bari courtyard, descendants of the family who were the local zamindar at that time, have built a permanent stage at the spot to showcase episodes from Ramakrishna's life through drama. According to the Pynes, the aim is to promote peace and universal brotherhood through Ramakrishna's messages that are equally relevant today as they were a century and a half ago.Quite popular in his locality, Ramakrishna was known as 'Gadadhar' in his childhood, but neighbours lovingly called him 'Gadai'. On February 24, 1846, on the evening of Shiva Ratri, local zamindar Sitanath Pyne had arranged for the staging of the drama 'Shiva Mahima' in the courtyard of his house. But the actor playing the role of Shiva fell ill a day before the final staging of the drama. Sitanath Pyne then got Gadai, then an 11-year-old wiry boy, to take up the role. Ramakrishna gladly agreed, even getting lost in ecstasy while playing the part.Ashish Kumar Dey, a descendant of Sitanath Pyne, said the stage was later built once again to help preserve and perpetuate the Jatra and Natak movement, popular folk medium of Bengal that are gradually getting lost.\"Kamarpukur is a popular tourist place and attracts both Indian and international tourists. It is therefore, the apt platform to popularize and revive folk theatre, showcasing Indian heritage and Ramakrishna's messages.However, funds are proving to be a challenge. \"Some people helped us clear the courtyard that was riddled with overgrowth. A very old heritage Vishnu temple structure at the site had collapsed and the stage was constructed there. We spend a lot, but a steady stream of funds is required to continue the initiative,\" Dey added.A tourist from Andhra Pradesh has donated generously to build the stage. But eminent actors from the state, particularly those in the theatre industry, are yet to step forward and help, not just financially but through collaborations to stage plays as well.\"Small stories that were told by Lord Ramakrishna himself contain core of the spiritual realizations and drama form of those stories as well as the stories of Ramayana, Mahabharata, Purana and Upanishad can be staged here and be part of the spiritual experience that devotees seek during the trip to Kamarpukur and Joyrambati,\" said actor Jagabandhu Ghosh.Dey is also keen to organize the jatra 'Chaitanya Lila'on the day of Shiva Ratri next year. \"On September 21, 1884, Ramakrishna went to watch Chaitanya Lila at Star Theatre. But since he himself had acted on this stage, we want to enact it,\" said Dey, adding that the courtyard has always been popular among devotees of Ramakrishna who stop by to see where he had acted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093802", "title": "Rally did not hurt business", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sunday's rally might have caused traffic chaos but the smooth proceedings at the venue itself provide an indication that the capital may be finally getting used to frequent mobilisations that are a far cry from the disruption wreaked by Dilli chalo campaigns of the late 80's.The more or less orderly dispersal of the rallyists are in sharp contrast with the mobilizations of leaders like Devi Lal and farm leader Mahender Singh Tikait that drove the city indoors and kept vendors off the street for fear of looting.In contrast to the Janata Dal rallies, vendors were in full evidence on Sunday confidently selling their wares and buyers waiting their turn patiently. Some instances of misbehaviour could not be ruled out but were not representative of the overall mood.Frequent rallies have made Delhites wiser while descending on the capital is not such a unique venture for rallyists with Anna Hazare and Baba Ramdev holding their protests since last year.This time, two lakh supporters, 1,500 buses, a gallery full of cabinet ministers, chief ministers and the presence of Congress party's top leaders including PM Manmohan Singh, Sonia Gandhi and Rahul Gandhi made up for one of the largest rally Delhi has witnessed recently.Yet business went as usual in most parts and without any untoward incident. Now rallies have become a thriving business center. Virender Sharma usually sells sprouts in Connaught Place but on Sunday he had put up his stall outside the Ramlila Maidan. \"I have already refilled my cart thrice after stocks started to run low. The sale on these occassions is good. People are hungry and thirsty they don't mind paying Rs 5 extra,\" he said.The same can be said for Raju, the papad vendor. Raju is usually parked at India Gate but today he docked himself at Ramlila Maidan. The sale of national flag, tricolor bands, pins, badges and the Gandhi topis has also picked up.\"During Anna Hazare and Arvind Kejriwal's protests, the supporters wore \"Main hoon Anna\" and \"Main hoon Kejriwal,\" topis whereas Baba Ramdev supporters wore saffron- coloured topis embossed with \"Kala Dhan Vapas Lao\". The latest to do the rounds is Gandhi caps with \"Main hoon Rahul' embossed on them,\" said Ram Kumar, a local.Political watchers say in better crowd management, policing rules and the presence of media had a major role to play in this change. With the Team Anna protests, the Gandhi topis and national flags have bounced back too.\"Supporters from Haryana and UP mostly came in buses. The locals walked down to the Ramlila Maidan. The respective leaders from the states, from the MPs and MLAs to party workers, were assigned with controlling select groups and to make arrangements for their movement and food. There was no chaos,\" said a senior Congress leader. He said the party is strict about the discipline and presence of TV channels in and around the city means that nobody would break the rules or will get caught.Jai Prakash Agarwal, president of Delhi Pradesh Congress Committee, added, \"We chose Sunday for rally so that there is least inconvenience to the common public and traffic movement in the city.\" Another political leader, who did not want to be quoted, added, \"In the past, there was a passion among people about political rallies. They thronged the protest venues from far-off places. But now the rallies have mostly become a party-affair.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "17095320", "title": "Vedas teach to lead a simple life, says seer", "text": "DHARWAD: A life of extreme simplicity alone can bring contentment and happiness to people, said seer of Kanchi Kamakoti Peetham Jagadguru Jayendra Saraswati Swamiji on Sunday.Presiding over the Veda Dharma Paripalana Sabha, organized at Shrimajjagadguru Shankaracharya Sanskrit Pathashala in Dharwad, he said Vedic religion commands the allegiance of millions of people in spite of the absence of propaganda. It is the example of the great men who lived that religion that sustains the faith of the people. Good men, who had attained a high level of jnana, won universal respect, irrespective of the caste in which they were born.Godliness and love for all are the qualities by which the greatness of a person is judged. So long as such great men continue to illumine the dark corners of human heart, the Vedic religion will wield its influence, not only in this country, but outside it also, he said. Seer of Pejawar Mutt Vishweshateertha Swamiji inaugurated the sabha.Scholars Venkatesh Shastri Veenakar,Janardan Joshi, Vidyanath Shastri Joshi and Narasimha Murthy delivered special lectures. Earlier, the devotees organized a shobha yatra wherein seer Jayendra Saraswati Swamiji was taken in a procession from Pathashala to Ram Mandir at Line Bazar. On the occasion, Haishankar Jois and Vanita Bhat presented a feature play on Adi Shankaracharya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17095194", "title": "Your friend circle must be a band of 6", "text": "MELBOURNE: Just like a band or gang of superheroes needs members who have different talents and powers, your circle of friends should have exactly the same thing, experts claim.A friend who is cooler than you, a daring bud, a friend you aspire to be, a companion who doesn't know any of your other friends, a painfully honest mate and the buddy you have known longer than yourself complete the six types of friends you should hang out with, experts say.\"It's important to have diversity and to be able to look for support from a variety of sources,\" said clinical and coaching psychologist and founder of the The Positivity Institute, Dr Suzy Green. \"They also help us to keep broader perspective on life,\" Green said. Domonique Bertolucci , life coach and author of The Happiness Code, agrees. \"You need different types of friends in the same way that you need food from different food groups. Different types of friends serve different purposes and nourish and enrich our lives in different ways,\" Bertolucci said. According to experts, among the must-have friends you need a friend who is cooler than you. \"These people enrich your life by exposing you to things that may have otherwise have passed you by,\" said Bertolucci.It is also essential to have a friend who is up for anything. Everyone needs a friend who you can call at the drop of a hat, experts say. \"This friend is the flexible , no frills friend who makes your life a breeze. Nothing is ever too hard and they're open to doing new things &amp; changing plans at short notice,\" said Green.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093941", "title": "Doctors throw light on chemotherapy", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Allahabad Medical Association organised a continued medical education (CME) on 'Advantages of port for long term chemotherapy and video presentation of Hickman chemo port insertion' on Sunday at the AMA Hall. The programme was inaugurated by President of the association Dr A P Singh.Cancer being a major health problem, chemotherapy is an integral part of its treatment. Long term chemotherapy needs venous accesses which will remain for the entire duration of chemotherapy.Chemo port is the answer to this venous access. At the CME, Dr Anshuman Kumar, M Ch, (Surgical Oncology) MRCS (Chief Consultant Cancer Surgeon and Oncologist from New Delhi presented lecture on advantages of port for long term chemotherapy. He said all patients in need of chemotherapy should be put on chemo port to reduce complications associated with routine procedures for venous accesses. He said it could be performed easily by experts as day care procedure.Dr Sapan Srivastava, M Ch, (Surgical Oncology), Consultant Cancer Surgeon and Oncologist from Kamla Nehru Hospital and Regional Cancer Centre,Allahabad presented a video presentation of chemo port insertion in a patient. He showed details of this day care procedure carried out under local anesthesia. He explained the minute details of the chemo port insertion comprehensively. He said the procedure could be performed at all operation theatres with C-arm facility.The patient can be discharged after the procedure and required follow up care to maintain the potency of the chemo port. Dr Sapan informed the procedure was being performed regularly in the city and patients on chemotherapy had benefited highly by chemo port insertion.The meeting was conducted by Dr Kachnar Verma and presided by Dr A.P.Singh President AMA. Dr B K Mishra secretary AMA proposed the vote of thanks. The members of AMA actively participated in the CME discussion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17092589", "title": "Teenage girl raped in Haryana", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A teenage girl from Karnal, about 130 km from here, was allegedly raped by over ten men and later dumped at a railway station, a GRP officer said.The victim, aged around 16 years, was rescued by Government Railway Police personnel at the railway station near Karnal.\"The girl, a resident of Tarwari area, has claimed that she was raped by 10-11 people. She was lured by a man who had promised to marry her. Our men rescued her from the railway station,\" the officer said.The victim has undergone a medical examination, he said, adding that the result of which is awaited.In the last few months, Haryana has seen spurt in cases of violence against women.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094525", "title": "Speaker Meira Kumar meets Pak leaders, stresses on good ties", "text": "NEW DELHI: India reiterated its commitment to better relations and cooperation with Pakistan in the sixth Conference of the Association of Saarc Speakers and Parliamentarians in Islamabad on Sunday. It also stressed on greater parliamentary interaction among various Saarc countries to promote democratic values in the region.Speaker Meira Kumar, who was part of the Indian delegation, met Pakistani President Asif Ali Zardari at Aiwan-e-Sadr and expressed India's continued desire to build a relationship of good neighbourliness and all-round cooperation with Pakistan.According to a statement issued by her office, the Speaker also expressed satisfaction at the positive developments in bilateral relations, including in the areas of trade and economy, and people-to-people interaction.Coming close on the heels of several confidence-building measures such as the recent visa agreement, the meet saw the two leaders emphasize the role of parliamentary interaction in promoting democratic values and strengthening democratic institutions in the region through exchange of ideas. Both agreed that such interactions also contributed to improving the relationship between the two countries.Kumar used to opportunity to express eagerness to welcome the chairman of Senate of Pakistan and his delegation to India in the coming weeks.Earlier in the day, during the inaugural ceremony of the conference, Kumar urged the Saarc parliamentarians to work proactively to meet the aspirations of the people and asked them to positively channelize the democratic upsurge in the region which would only uphold and strengthen democratic institutions.During the day, Kumar also attended the Speakers' Council in Pakistan's National Assembly and handed over the reins of Chairman of the Speaker's Council to Fehmida Mirza, Speaker of the National Assembly of Pakistan. Kumar held the post earlier.Other members in the delegation included Rajya Sabha deputy chairperson P J Kurien and MPs Sukhdev Singh Dhindsa, Narender Singh Tomar, Paramjit Kaur Gulshan , Mehboob Beg and Kumari Meenakshi Natrajan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17099029", "title": "Justin Bieber's movie star dreams", "text": "Justin Bieber dreams of becoming a movie star, although he insists he is not planning to give up his successful music career.The 18-year-old singer, who recently revealed how he has been in discussions with 'Boogie Nights' star Mark Wahlberg about a new movie role, has said that he is interested in trying his hand at action and comedy, and is even looking at some scripts.\"I have a few offers after my tour is done. I'm pretty excited, I want to do comedy stuff and some action but I don't know what exactly. I am a jokestar and I am good at it,\" Contactmusic quoted Bieber as telling America's Star magazine.The teen heartthrob is also ambitious on the musical front.\"I won't stop making music. I would love to do a song with Stevie Wonder and a duet with Quincy Jones would be crazy,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17093381", "title": "Chinese lights flood markets ahead of Diwali", "text": "VARANASI: With the festival of lights less than a fortnight away, a number of residential and commercial establishments in city are already decked up with the festive glow of electric lighting.Notably, a large variety of attractive yet guarantee-less electric lights are flooding the city markets in view of the forthcoming festival of Diwali. The lights in the form of coils, ropes, chandeliers, balls, garden lights, artificial diyas and even in the shape of frames made of small Chinese electric bulbs are available this Diwali.Apart from the lights, idols of Ganesha, Laxmi and artificial candles are other items selling like hot cakes in the market. The glitter is attracting not just buyers from ,Varanasi but also from adjacent areas like Jaunpur, Ghazipur, Mughalsarai, and Chandauli. \"The cost of these articles ranges from Rs 40 to Rs 1500. They are made to fit every budget. These products are more lustrous and attractive as compared to local articles,\" said Sunil Prajapati, a trader of electric lights and bulbs in Haraha Sarai market.According to Sanjay Vishwakarma, a shopkeeper at Badi Piyari area, Chinese lights have double filament bulbs and if one bulb gets fused, the other still works.Moreover, there is a wide range of such decorative lights available. The cost of these attractive lights starts from Rs 150 while the local lights starts from Rs 450.People prefer to purchase the cheap and attractive ones because they only have to use them occasionally, he said.In the list of decorative articles, the Chinese ready-to-stick rangoli is out of stock at many shops as its demand is high. \"Many people white wash, clean and restructure some parts of the home and paste these water proof Rangolis once the work is finished. The Rangolis are purchased from Delhi, Kolkata, Lucknow and Kanpur.They started selling a month before the festival. We have reordered some more pieces to keep the stock full till Diwali,\" informed Sunil.Advance orders have also been placed at flower mandis in the city. \"Some customers especially shopkeepers and big showroom owners have been purchasing bundles of flowers from Dussehra onwards to decorate their shops till Diwali. We are expecting good business this time, as flowers have grown in good quantity as compared to last year. Orders are also coming from nearby districts and villages,\" shared Pramod Dubey, caretaker of the flower mandi near Maldahiya crossing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094398", "title": "No let-up in rain fury in Andhra Pradesh", "text": "HYDERABAD: The steel-framed railway bridge over Tandava river near Tuni town in East Godavari on Sunday morning was anything but a bridge as the entire track standing on the bridge was completely littered with garbage , tree stems and debris of all kinds as the rain water overran the bridge with great force. It was 'tandavam' (dance) of flood water which deluged eight districts of AP, claiming 22 lives, inundating hundreds of villages, paralyzing road and rail traffic and damaging crops in lakhs of hectares.The rains triggered by the northeast monsoon and cyclone Nilam killed 22 people, said T Radha, commissioner, disaster management. The rainfall was massive in Konaseema region which experienced the heaviest rains in the last 40 years. Narsapur in West Godavari was wobbling with a record 31 cm of rainfall followed by Allavaram at 29 cm and Amalapuram at 27 cm. About 60,000 people from the flood-affected areas were shifted to 86 relief camps. In Visakhapatnam, normal life came to a grinding halt due to incessant rains for the fourth day. Main roads in the city have turned into cesspools. Residents of the port city described the rains as the worst in nearly two decades. In Visakhapatnam district, passengers of two Volvo buses were stranded in flash floods from a stream near Yalamanchili. The authorities sought help from the Navy to rescue the passengers. Some 4,000 people have shifted to 19 relief camps in Visakhapatnam district.The rampaging waters destroyed 480 houses completely and 766 houses partially. Standing crops, including paddy, were affected in 2,43,634 hectares.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095543", "title": "'Talk to Bangladesh about taking back migrants'", "text": "GUWAHATI: Samajwadi Party (SP) has asked the Centre to initiate dialogue with Bangladesh for accepting the Bangladeshi illegal immigrants who entered the state after the cut-off date of March 25, 1971.The SP, which is trying to strengthen its base in the state, said that unless there is an agreement with Bangladesh on taking back the immigrants, the entire exercise of deportation would be meaningless.\"Samajwadi Party respects the broad understanding reached regarding the cut-off date for the detection and deportation of illegal migrants, but even for those people who have to be deported, the human values (rights) must be respected as India is a signatory to the International Covenant on international human rights,\" the party said.On Saturday, the party held a meeting here in which it chalked out a roadmap to strengthen its base in the state. The meeting appointed new office-bearers for the state unit of the SP, with former All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) working president Hafiz Rashid Ahmed Choudhury as its president. SP's national general secretary Kiranmoy Nanda and national secretary Kamal Faruqui were present at the meeting. The meeting also took up some of the major issues of Assam as its agenda at the state and national level. Infiltration and the violence in the Bodoland Territorial Area Districts (BTAD) were two such issues discussed in the meeting.\"It is unfortunate that the present government has not opened the channel of negotiations between various communities, tribes and, more particularly, between Bodos and Muslims. The only solution to the ongoing crisis is dialogue between these two sections of society so they can reach an understanding taking into consideration the interests and apprehensions of non-Bodos irrespective of caste, creed and religion,\" SP said in context of the violence in the BTAD.The party said it is firmly against communalization of politics. It alleged that the recent escalated violence in the BTAD was a result of \"inept\" handling of the clash outbreak by the ruling Congress party.It said the occurrence of ethnic conflict frequently has already disturbed the communal harmony of the state and alleged that both the Congress and the BJP are responsible for the violence in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17093044", "title": "'Type 1 diabetes cases have doubled in city'", "text": "BHOPAL: Aiming to spread awareness about type 1 diabetes, an awareness camp was held here on Sunday. Type 1 diabetes is becoming increasingly common in children with little or no ability to produce insulin. They are entirely dependent on injections of insulin for survival.\"Prevalence of type 1 diabetes has more than doubled in the city in the last decade. It is a chronic condition which can be life-threatening,\" said Dr Shachin Gupta. A recent World Health Organization report has revealed how the ailment is increasingly afflicting the youth nowadays, he added.\"Estimates of children suffering from type 1 diabetes is not available but estimates peg the number of affected between 500 to 10,000,\" he added.Increased thirst and frequent urination, extreme hunger, weight loss , blurred vision, or fatigue are symptoms of type 1 diabetes said experts. November 14 is World diabetes day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095069", "title": "Climate expert predicts more cyclones", "text": "BANGALORE: Wondering why there is untimely rain and unpredictable weather? Global warming is resulting in increase of temperature over land and sea. As temperature goes up, pressure goes down and a pressure gradient develops between the ocean and the land mass. The net result is that the number of cyclones will go up. Cyclone intensity may vary but the count will be more. Climate change specialist and a consultant for the World Bank , Prof MB Rajegowda at the University of Agricultural Sciences, explains the changing monsoon pattern vis-a-vis global warming.What's the likely impact of global warming on cyclones?With global warming, the number of cyclones is likely to be more. Whatever the nature of the cyclone, the probability of their occurrence goes up with climate change.What's the process of cyclone formation with regard to the phenomenon of global warming?Temperature over land and sea is constantly increasing across the globe. This is causing the pressure quotient to come down. As a result , a pressure gradient develops between ocean (water bodies) and continent (land surface ) and whirling winds (cyclones) are generated in the ocean. These winds later move towards land in the form of cyclones.How is cyclone movement different over the ocean and land?Wind speed keeps on increasing as long as it's over the ocean and till it touches the land. Once winds enter the continent, there is friction and their velocity starts declining. The cyclone intensity decreases too.When do these cyclones usually generate?In the northern hemisphere between October and January. This phenomenon is most visible when the season changes from winter and moves towards summer.What are the general climate patterns in Karnataka in the context of global warming ?There is an overall increase of 1% in precipitation for the entire state since the 1980s. There has been a decline in south-west monsoon rain on an average (from 825-875 mm to 765-825 mm) and this drop is being compensated by the north-east monsoon and premonsoon , which have gained in their share by 3%-4 %. Coastal and hilly zones are also steadily losing out on annual precipitation while interior parts of the state are gaining.What are the solutions to keep pace with climate change?Mitigation strategies need to be adopted. Climate change has a tremendous impact on agriculture and we have drawn up an exhaustive action plan to ensure losses are minimal. There is an imminent need to adjust cropping pattern, low-water requirement, and shortterm crops need to be planted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093117", "title": "Women, youth support Nitish's mission", "text": "PATNA: The enthusiasm of some of the women and youngsters attending the Adhikar Rally was too obvious to be missed.Rajni Mahato, a housewife from Darbhanga, had hired a vehicle to reach Patna for the rally. She said Bihar should get the special status to accelerate the pace of development in the state. \"It would invite the big industrial houses to invest in the state and provide employment to its youth,\" she said, adding that nobody can dare humiliate the Biharis.Wearing T-shirt and jeans, Shambhu Kumar had nothing to do with the Adhikar Rally. \"Mantriji ne kaha to chale aye. Patna ghumne aye hain aur chale jayenge (Mantriji told us to come to Patna, so I came. I will go back after visiting different places in the state capital).\"Rajni, who is also the president of Darbhanga district JD-U Women's Cell, said she was ready to go to New Delhi if the CM gave a call for attending a rally there. Her 10-year-daughter Manshi Bhushan, who had come with her mother, was very vocal on the issue. She said if Bihar gets the special state status, its people would get a job in the state. \"We would get quality education in the state,\" she said.Chitrakala Devi (45), a native of Harlakhi (Madhubani), said she had come to Patna to support Nitish's demand. The special status would benefit the people as it would generate employment in the state.Musmatara Devi, a native of West Champaran, had come to participate at the Rally with 11 other women. She said Bihar would develop more if the Centre provided special status to the state. \"Everybody would get a job as per his status and the youth would not have to migrate to other states in search of job,\" she said.Rajkumari Devi of Muzaffarpur, popularly known as Kisan Chachi, said she has come to Patna as she feels the demand for special status to Bihar is justified. She hired a vehicle to reach Patna and spent her own money on her meal.Saurabh Kumar (18) of Mokama said people of the state had become aware of their rights. Staying at Patna and preparing for IIT-JEE, he said if the state got the special status, it would also result in capital investment in the state and quality education.Arun Kumar (19) of Bhagalpur said the special status would herald a new era of development in the state. Wearing T-shirt and blue jeans, he was busy snapping photographs of the JD-U leaders sitting on the stage.Mantoo Kumar Sinha (21), a native of Nabinagar in Aurangabad district, said he had come on his own from his village to support the demand for special status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093757", "title": "Three killed in separate accidents", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three persons were killed in separate road accidents in the city on Sunday. more people lost their lives to road accidents in the city. On Saturday in a major road accident, two kids and a rickshaw puller died after they were dragged several metres by a truck driver in Aishbagh.A motorcycle was hit by a state transport bus in Hasanganj area, while in Mohanlalganj and Gosainganj, two more persons succumbed to road accidents.A man and his son from Baroliya area in Hasanganj were on their way to their shop located in Parorganj, when they were hit by a bus near Tonga Stand in Daliganj on Sunday morning. In the accident 18-year-old Akash lost his life while his father Brijnarayan was rushed to a hospital in a serious condition. The bus driver fled the scene.In Gosainganj, Prakash Yadav, 33, was on his way to Lucknow from Gosainganj when a truck hit his Tata Indica head-on at Ahimamau area. Prakash, a resident of Ahiran Dkhawa village, died on the spot. The third accident took place in Imaliyakheda village of Mohanlalganj. Two bikers hit each other at high speed in which Tinna, 36, a resident of Banthara died. The other biker and a pillion rider were also injured.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17094185", "title": "Waste issue rocks Benaulim meet", "text": "MARGAO: The issue of garbage disposal dominated the proceedings of the Benaulim gram sabha on Sunday with villagers expressing their disapproval over environmental degradation caused by haphazard dumping of garbage.Pointing out to media reports that garbage from Benaulim was found disposed at Verna recently, a gram sabha member Rudolf Barreto, demanded an explanation from the panchayat over the matter. Sarpanch Royala Fernandes assured to look into the matter and take appropriate action.Gram sabha members demanded that the panchayat withdraw the permission given by it to a beach resort for repairs as, they alleged, the resort had undertaken re-construction activities in violation of the rules and had thus misrepresented facts. They demanded that the resort not be allowed to carry out any re-construction activities as it was located under the CRZ limits.Members pointed out that no revision of house tax was effected for the last 20 years and demanded that the house tax of hotels and commercial units be hiked, as it would generate considerable revenue for the panchayat.As a lot of time is consumed for confirmation of the minutes of the last meetings at the gram sabha, it was decided that a copy of the minutes be circulated to the panchayat members and to certain gram sabha members who had proposed resolutions, so that necessary corrections could be effected before the final copy is placed before the gram sabha for confirmation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "gumla", "code": "17094264", "title": "AITDC to initiate skill development program", "text": "GUMLA: The All India Tribal Development Council (AITDC) will soon initiate skill development and educational programmes in different districts of the state. The decade-old social organization has been revamped in the state, recently.\"AITDC has decided to execute skill development projects so that poor dropouts and other youths can be placed in different industries across the country,\" Gitashree Oraon, Congress MLA and AITDC state head said. tnnShe added that in Jamshedpur, a skill development project, through which unemployed youths are getting training in various trades is underway in collaboration with Tata Steel . In other districts too, such programmes will be initiated. That apart, tribal as well as non-tribals will also be benefited by these programmes.In the education sector, schools which started years ago are being given a facelift and more educational institutions will be established in remote areas for the local youths.Soon district presidents and other active functionaries will be asked to discuss training modules for their respective districts while industries will be approached for placements, said the Congress MLA. This body was set up by the tribal leader and former Union minister Kartik Oraon in 1967.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17095096", "title": "Mine of opportunities", "text": "Besides coal mining, underground and deep sea mining are emerging areas where job opportunities are likely to grow in the future. Aaditi Isaac reports.The history of mineral extraction in India dates back to the days of the Harappan civilisation. India is the largest producer of sheet mica, the third largest producer of iron ore and the fifth largest producer of bauxite in the world. According to the ministry of mines, since independence, there has been a pronounced growth in mineral production both in terms of quantity and value. India produces about 87 minerals.&gt;&gt; Industry insightIn the next 10 years, the combined GDP of China and India is expected to grow from around US$ 7.5 trillion to roughly US$ 25 trillion. The resultant explosive growth in per capita income in the emerging markets will add almost two billion people to the consuming or middle-class , thereby leading to an unprecedented increase in global consumption. Nominal private consumption in Asia alone is expected to triple from approximately US$ 7 trillion in 2010 to more than US$ 21 trillion by 2020. \"Freshers in this area have to understand that the cost of production has to come down. When one upgrades a technology, it costs a lot and one has to look for ways to minimise the cost. So students, today, will be challenged to find sustainable options. With technology, this is likely to be possible, which means students will have to aim for zero waste,\" says Sharma.There is a need to do considerable research to come up with sustainable solutions. The industry, therefore, demands excellence from freshers who are getting into this sector to do a lot more, which wasn't possible earlier due to unavailability of the right kind of technology. It is expected from students who are getting into this industry to think in a multidimensional manner.BK Mishra, director, CSIRInstitute of Minerals and Materials Technology, Bhubaneswar, points out that after coal mining, underground and deep sea mining are emerging areas where job opportunities will grow besides the traditional areas in mining.&gt;&gt; Career pathsAfter completing +2, students can either pursue an undergraduate degree or can take a basic engineering degree and be trained under CSIR or can opt for research.Sharma says that freshers need to have a basic degree of mineral processing to start with. \"They should understand that once they are in the process, they will face several challenges. Freshers must know the basics, innovate and find sustainable solutions,\" he explains.Mishra, on the other hand, says that mining is a multi-disciplinary field and so students from any engineering background can be trained and can enter the mining industry. \"Any student with a background in engineering can be trained under CSIR for a period of one year before entering the industry. CSIR trains students in their labs to make them industry-ready .\"&gt;&gt; Challenges ahead\"The mining industry has evolved over the years. Today, the main issues are sustainability and a clean environment, which are posing challenges for aspiring engineers. You cannot conduct mineral processing the way it was done 20-30 years ago. Fifty years ago, India's population was lesser and land mass available was ample. Such is no longer the case. So how do you meet the demand without damaging the ecology?\" asks Mayank Sharma, manager, marketing and communications, Metso Minerals (India) Private Limited. According to a FICCI report, the mining industry in India currently contributes only 1.2% to the GDP (excluding oil), which is low as compared to 5-6 % share of mining in major mining economies. However, it is possible to unlock the potential of the Indian mining sector in India and add around $210 billion to $250 billion to the GDP by 2025, provided an appropriate framework is in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097858", "title": "Nithya Menen joins the sets of GJG", "text": "Nithya Menen joins the team of Gunde Jaari Gallanthayindhe (GJG), starring Nithiin. The Malayalam beauty has the sets of the film couple of days back and is teaming up with Nithiin for the second time after hit film Ishq. Gunde Jaari Gallanthayindhe started its formal shooting in October by filming a few scenes on Nithiin and other support cast.Isha Talwar, who made her debut with Malayalam film Thattathin Marayathu, will be seen in the second lead role. Vijay Kumar Konda is directing this film, which is produced by Nikitha Reddy under Sresth Movies while Vikram Goud presents it. Anup Rubens is providing the soundtrack and Andrew is handling the cinematography.Gunde Jari Gallanthayyindhe is a line taken from a super hit number from Pawan Kalyan's blockbuster film Gabbar Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "17093448", "title": "Police crackdown on cannabis cultivation", "text": "MHOW: Khargone police in a fresh drive against illegal cannabis cultivation recovered 2000 marijuana plants from a village between Dhamnod and Manpur on Agra-Bombay Road on Saturday evening.Some farmers of Maksi village were cultivating these plants in their farmlands along with other crops. Police got a tip off about the illegal cultivation and a team led by sub-divisional officer (police) Jitendra Pawar raided the farms and confiscated the crops scattered in the farms of four villagers.Pawar, talking to TOI said that he received information from a source in the village, on which the team, comprising about 18 policemen raided the farms in the afternoon. He added that nobody could be arrested as the accused fled while the farms were being raided. Investigations are on and the police teams are trying to nab the accused.He said that the crops seized were worth Rs 5 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094691", "title": "Burglars decamp with 15 tolas of gold", "text": "HYDERABAD: Burglars gained entry into four houses in Golconda and escaped with 15 tolas of gold on Sunday.According to Golconda SI Naresh Kumar, burglars broke into four locked houses at Vinayaka Nagar near Sheikpet and escaped with 15 tolas of gold in the wee hours of Sunday,. Most of the property was stolen from RTC mechanic Balakrishna's house. Burglars stole 12 tolas of gold from Balakrishna's house and three tolas from his neighbour's house, the SI said. Police said the miscreants did not find any valuables at two houses. When the incident happened all the victims were out of their houses on personal work. Based on the complaint lodged by the victims, police booked a burglary case under section 457/380 of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098622", "title": "Lakshmi geared up for release", "text": "Shivaraj Kumar and Priyamani starrer 'Lakshmi' directed by Raghava Loki is now getting ready for release. The producers and director Loki have planned a big promotional drive for the film before its release. The audio which should have been released on November 1 is now geared up for release on November 9. Guru Kiran is the music composer of the film. Producer Aadhi said, \"The music company Saregama who have taken the marketing rights of the audio want a proper audio release for the film as they have very much liked the quality of songs and its picturisation. The company is known for its methodical audio release which ensures maximum publicity for the film too, \" says Aadhi. Aadhi also said that they are planning to release the film on November 30. An item song featuring either Mumaith Khan or famous artist is being planned to be shot from November 14 to 16 in a special set erected for picturisation.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17094560", "title": "Gujarati handicraft expo draws weekend crowd", "text": "KOCHI: Myriad hues of silks and cotton, ornate wooden collectibles and sparkling precious and semi-precious stones herald visitors to the Gujarat handicraft exhibition. In celebration of the cultural milieu of the country, the showcase at the Women's Association Hall hosts a bevy of artefacts including toys, leather goods, jewellery, handloom clothing and footwear.Handwoven saris and dress materials adorn walls as artisans present their fare of kantha, chandheri and ikat weaves. Dyed in vegetable colours and adorned with lustrous borders, Bengal cotton, handloom and chicken-worked saris vie for attention.Priced between Rs 50 and Rs 1,200, handloom cotton saris are a comfortable buy while chikan-worked saris cost between Rs 800 and Rs 1,800.With artisans selling their own products, the expo affords customers a chance to listen to the many intricacies involved in the making of the proverbial six yards. Cotton kurtas and handloom are also on sale as the 'pathani' trend in kurtas continues to rule the roost.Bathik skirts and bandhani dupattas on offer promise to add an extra dash of colour this season. Apart from sofa and pillow covers, crochet lends itself to children's wear at the exhibition. A two-piece crocheted set is being sold between Rs 220 and Rs 320.The exhibition, organized by the Gujarat Emporium, seeks to support artisans by creating an open market and sustain interest in dying art forms.M Balakrishnan, an embroidery worker from Kanyakumari said, \"Marthandam and surrounding areas in Kanyakumari were once famous for cutwork and cross-stitch. Now, women are not interested in preserving this craft.\"Among other products, handmade jewellery, crafted by adivasis in Orissa, is popular among visitors.In bright metallic shades of blue, pink, green and purple, the washable ornaments are a mixture of clay and powdered stone and start at Rs 250 for a pair of earrings and go up to Rs 2,500 for a set.The trove of wooden products features the famed Chennapatna toys and Assam teak wood baubles from Saharanpur in Uttar Pradesh. While wooden jewellery boxes, bangle stands, keychain hangers, trays, spoons and candle stands abound, rocking chair shaped coaster holders and buggy model wine bottle holders are a novelty.The health conscious can also make best use of handy wooden acupressure items available.Exquisite electric lanterns, priced between Rs 450 and Rs 3,000, are bound to add a cozy glow to home interiors.Though product category may appear the same at this annual affair, Gujarat Emporium manager Arunachalam K said artefacts warrant a closer look since changes are made periodically in design, and products are customized for different cities.The exhibition is open on all days till 8pm and will be on till November 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093035", "title": "Find technical solutions for Indian problems: Madhavan", "text": "JAIPUR: Rajasthan's potential for tapping solar energy is being altered by high cost of solar cells, relatively low efficiency cells and shortage of batteries. These areas have vast potential for research and technology for engineering students, said president of International Academy of Astronautics and former chairman of Indian Space Research Organization, Madhavan Nair. He was here as the chief guest of 7th convocation ceremony of Malaviya National institute of Technology (MNIT) on Sunday.He stressed on the need for engineering students to take up the responsibility for developing affordable technology for issues like food security and energy security. \"You have to find technical solutions to the problems facing modern India. The solutions should be designed keeping in mind the Indian conditions and making them cost effective so that they are within the reach of rural India and urban poor,\" said Nair.He asked engineering students to volunteer to take up such challenges rather than be lured into routine IT jobs. \"You have to bring out the innovator in you to solve the problems of developing India. Once your bright idea converts it can be commercially exploited on 'high quality at low cost' and you can capture not only the Indian market but also meet the global needs,\" said Nair.He also told the graduating students to realize that the society has invested in them by providing impressive infrastructure and training and now it is their responsibility to return it. \"While you are building your career and improving you must not forget to return some part of your knowledge wealth to people who are needy,\" said Nair, whose speech received applause from all the students, parents and the faculty. He concluded his speech by saying that India's all round development is not possible without the development of six lakh villages. \"The engineering community has to play a major role in this regard,\" said Nair.EomJaipur: Rajasthan's potential for tapping solar energy is being altered by high cost of solar cells, relatively low efficiency cells and shortage of batteries. These areas have vast potential for research and technology for engineering students, said president of International Academy of Astronautics and former chairman of Indian Space Research Organisation Madhavan Nair. He was here as chief guest of 7th convocation ceremony of Malaviya National institute of Technology (MNIT) on Sunday.He stressed on the need of engineering students to take up the responsibility for developing affordable technology for issues like food security and energy security. \"You have to find technical solutions to the problems facing modern India. The solutions should be designed keeping in mind the Indian conditions and making them cost effective so that they come in reach of rural India and urban poor,\" said Nair.He asked engineering students to volunteer to take up such challengers rather than lured into routine IT jobs. \"You have to bring out innovator in you to solve the problems of developing India. Once your bright idea convert can be commercially exploited on 'High quality at Low cost' you can capture not only the Indian market but also meet the global needs,\" said Nair.He realised graduating students that society has invested in them by providing impressive infrastructure and training and encouraged them that it's their responsibility to return it. \"While you are building up career and improving you must not forget to return some part of your knowledge wealth to people who are needy,\" said Nair, whose speech draws thunderous applause from students, parents and faculty.He concluded his speech by saying that India's all round development is not possible development 6 LAKH villages. \"The engineering community has to play a major role in this regard,\" said Nair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094405", "title": "Chennai: Music event for disabled", "text": "CHENNAI: Spastics Society of Tamil Nadu will organise a fund raising music event featuring Usha Uthup , for the disabled on November 10. The funds collected will be used for a disabled-friendly multi-purpose auditorium. The auditorium will have space for training workshops, performing arts, yoga practice and indoor recreations for children with cerebral palsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098109", "title": "Do you also suffer from unconscious bias?", "text": "As human beings we are all prone to be biased in some way or other. We like certain films because it stars Katrina Kaif or Aamir Khan. Whether or not the film has any other element to hook our interest becomes immaterial for our liking. No matter how well a man cooks, we believe that it's a woman's job to cook at home because traditionally that has been a social paradigm. Whether or not the woman in our house likes to cook or is a good cook or even knows how to cook holds no relevance.We all suffer from strange case of unconscious or hidden bias within our hearts and minds, although in different degrees. Every time we meet, see, read or hear someone/something we are involving ourselves in a pre-judgment cycle and our opinions are almost formed within the first few seconds of our interactions, sometimes even before the interaction begins. Although judgements are an integral part of our sense and sensibility, we often let these overpower the reality.In India, we perhaps indulge into it on a daily basis. It's a notion that every person from Gujarat loves to eat sweets and cannot handle chilly and spicy food. Just like we also believe that every person from Punjab or Delhi loves to gulp down alcohol and dig on butter chicken and maa-ki-daal. We may say that there is a higher likelihood of such situations but to believe it to be true for all is the case of bias, the unconscious one, of course.Such biases are the cause for generating the so-called stereotypes in our lives, be it in India or abroad. One cannot deny its existence in foreign countries too, although the nature of bias maybe different there. A lot of NRIs, who live in English speaking countries, are often asked during their conversations: \"You are an Indian but you speak very good English. How long have you been living here?\" A polite way of saying how do you speak such good English despite being an Indian. Like in Australia, people also assume that if you are a cab driver, you must be an Indian and that Indians eat curries day in and day out. Ouch!Not that as NRIs we are far behind when it comes to being biased. Our hidden biases come out in various situations. Many NRIs believe that women, who join workforce immediately after having babies, might not be attached to their newborns like Indian mothers just because they give priority to their work as well. And, of course, this does not fit our notion of new mothers. Some of us also suddenly become polite and take a softer stand whenever we face a fair skinned colleague, leave alone our bosses. Our ji-huzoori comes out in full display because deep within our hearts many of us still believe that all foreigners (gore) are superiors to us.Do we deliberately practice such behaviours and thoughts? Most of our biases originate from the age old beliefs, customs and situations which probably were justified then. With time, the entire ball game in our professional and personal lives has changed, so any application of thoughts from the archaic times leads to stereotypes and biases. For instance, the new age women are competitive and ready to take challenging and leadership roles in the corporate world, although most of the corporate honchos still assume that women are less efficient due to their domestic priorities. Similarly with the current exposure and educational structure, many Indians, Germans and French have mastered the English language and are as glib as the native English speakers, even though the world outside prefers to conjure the ancient image of us.These are definite cases of unconscious bias but remember in order to overcome these, we need to make conscious effort from our end. Practicing and believing in what was once considered safe, best and cultural norm might result in perpetuation of inequalities. We all need to upgrade our systems of thought process to the latest versions of the modern times and act in accordance to it. Being ignorant or nonchalant about these things often hamper growth and development opportunities for the society. We need to recognise and acknowledge that these biases exist in our life and then make endeavours to allow each person or situation to culminate its own reality before we shackle it in our hidden prejudices.So yes, a person from Gujarat need not have a sweet tooth and can dig on spicy dishes just like a receptionist at any office need not be a woman. A man can also welcome and greet with equal warmth and sincerity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17094248", "title": "Arjun Munda's road tour begins amid Red threat", "text": "RANCHI: The second phase chief minister Arjun Munda's Johar Yatra began on Sunday amid tight security in the wake of opposition by Maoists who described the road tour as political stunt and announced to disrupt it.During the four-day tour, the chief minister will visit the districts in South Chotanagpur division. In the first phase he had visited places in Kolhand division.Police sources said security had been increased particularly in Simdega district as Maoists have put posters opposing the tour.However, ignoring the Maoist threats, the chief minister decided to continue with the road tour to meet people in remote areas of the state. \"I want to meet people of Jharkhand and none can stop me from this,\" said Munda.Officials in the chief minister's secretariat said Munda would cover Simdega, Gumla and Lohardaga districts. All the districts are known for presence of Maoists. \"The tour was actually planned to start at 9.30am but since the chief minister went to Patna to take part in the cremation of BJP leader Kailashpati Misrha, it got delayed by around six hours. The tour started in the afternoon as the chief minister was not in a mood to change the plan and wait till tomorrow morning to avoid Maoist fear,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093484", "title": "Traffic cop takes judges to court", "text": "NEW DELHI: A head constable of traffic police has filed a complaint in Tis Hazari courts seeking criminal proceedings against an additional sessions judge and a metropolitan magistrate after the duo allegedly harassed him and made him work as a peon in a district court - all for allegedly issuing a challan against the judge's brother. The matter will be heard on Monday afternoon.Senior traffic officials had written to the registrar general of Delhi high court in July this year to take action on the matter, but there had been no response, said traffic cops.The head constable, identified as Mahee Lal, has sought criminal proceedings against the two judicial officers under several sections of the Indian Penal Code - for being public servants who disobeyed law with intent to cause injury, for disobeying the direction of law to save a person from punishment and for corruptly making report in judicial proceeding. Lal has also accused them of obstructing a public servant in discharge of public functions, defamation, criminal intimidation, wrongful confinement to extort confession or compel restoration of property, and criminal conspiracy.\"It is the first time in legal history that a police officer of the rank of head constable has filed criminal proceedings against a sitting judge. I really appreciate him (Lal) for taking a step against judicial officers who tried to threaten, humiliate and deter him from doing his legal work. He has dared to file a complaint against two sitting judicial officers for getting justice for himself and other police officers who are used to being humiliated at the hands of other judicial officers daily but don't have the courage to complain for many reasons,\" said Lal's counsel, Satya Prakash Sharma.TOI had reported on July 28 that a written complaint had been made by Lal to his senior officers regarding the issue, after which deputy commissioner of police (traffic headquarters) R K Pandey had forwarded the matter to high court.Lal had alleged that an additional sessions judge of a Tis Hazari court first tried to stop him from issuing a challan against a traffic offender and then summoned him to his court when the challan was issued despite his request. Lal had alleged that he had to suffer the judge's ire as he had issued a challan against the judge's brother for not driving his two-wheeler with a helmet.He had claimed that he was abused by the judge and made to return the challan amount to the traffic offender along with his driver's license. The judge allegedly threatened Lal that he would 'fix' him while boasting that he had 'fixed' other traffic officials before him.Lal was then allegedly humiliated by being made to irregularly perform the role of a peon for a few days at a traffic court and harassed by the metropolitan magistrate of the traffic court, who Lal claimed to be in collusion with the ASJ.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "17095673", "title": "Motor mechanic hits jackpot", "text": "BURDWAN: October 31 will always be etched in Seikh Mastan's memory as the day that changed his fate. The motor mechanic, who hardly earns Rs 3,000 a month, had never thought he would win a Rs 1-crore lottery. \"I never buy lottery tickets. But that day while passing by the shop, I suddenly bought a Durga Puja bumper ticket of West Bengal State Lottery for Rs 20,\" said Mastan, a resident of Kamalsayar in Burdwan town. When Mastan went to the shop on October 31, the draw date, he could not believe his eyes. \"I have to run a family of four with my meagre income and cannot arrange for four square meals a day. And here I had won Rs 1.01 crore ,\" Mastan added.He has decided to handover the money to his children so that they can start a business. tnn31 st October, the death anniversary of former prime minister Late Indira Gandhi has become a red letter day in the life of little known 57 year old Seikh Mastan, a poor motor mechanic by profession. Mastan stays with his family at athatched house at Kamalsayar area of ward number 26 of Burdwan town.\" I never buy lottery tickets. But I don't know why I purchased a Durga Puja bumper ticket at cost of Rs.20 of West Bengal State Lottery just while passing through a shop in Burdwan town before the pujas. The draw date was on 31 October. And the poor mechanic, who finds hard to have a full square meal for the family of four every day earns about Rs.2000 to Rs.3000 per month has bagged the first prize worth rupees one crore and one lanks. The same date he went to the shop and after seeing the numbers are of his ticket he can't believe in his eyes.Neighbours rushed in hearing the news and the lottery agency was organised a rally with horse cart the very next day.Yesterday, hesubmitted the lottery ticket in the Bank of India branch near his house. He stays at the thatched house at kamalsayar along with his wife, Farsila Begum and two sons. Elder son Hannan is a hawker and younger son Rabiul is a small time carpenter. He has already got his two daughters married.\" I have studied tioll seventh standard and joined a local garage and became a motor mechanic. Never the earning is fixed and varies every month. For the last seventeen years I have been working in garage near Kesabganj chati and repair trucks, dumpers, buses etc,\"he added. He said that he has lost the prime time of his life running the big family.\" I will hand over the enter money to my children and let them have a much better life. Even due to financial crunh my children did not have education. Now let them have a smooth last life and hope that they will start a business with the money,\"he added with tears of joy flowing from his both eyes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17095608", "title": "Cop foils jailbreak attempt", "text": "LUDHIANA: In a bid to escape, eight inmates of Borstal Jail, Tajpur Road beat up a head constable on duty at the main gate.The constable fought on despite being injured and outnumbered, enabling authorities to nab the accused.According to head constable Balwinder Singh, a team of jail officials were on routine check at 8:30am when one of the 13 inmates who had planned the escape knocked the door. When the constable opened the door, he threw chilly powder in his eyes.Thereafter, the accused tried to snatch the key of the main gate from Balwinder who resisted despite being beaten up by eight inmates. He raised an alarm, at which a policeman on the tower called for backup. At the intervention of other police personnel, the accused were nabbed.Balwinder is being treated at the civil hospital. In a bid to escape, eight inmates of Borstal Jail, Tajpur road beat up a head constable on duty at the main gate. The constable fought on despite being injured and outnumbered, enabling authorities to nab the accused.Jail authorities are registering a case. Borstal jail Superintendent Manjeet Singh said, \"We have informed higher authorities and are in the process of getting a case registered against the accused. I appreciate the brave fight put up by Balwinder as well as the help we received from some of the inmates in nabbing the accused.\"Sources said inmates who tried to escape included an accused in the case of murder of Deputy Superintendent of Police Balraj Gill. Another inmate from Khanna had tried to escape earlier by throwing chilly powder in the eyes of police personnel. The inmates who planned and executed the escape bid are juveniles. There are 450 inmates in the Bortsal Jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093936", "title": "Allahabad University to restart teachers recruitment from Nov 8", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After a gap of over a month, the Allahabad University will restart the process for recruiting teachers. The selection committees, which will resume from November 8, will be held till November 25-26, barring a few days Dewali break.To clear the backlog in teaching posts and maintain an ideal teacher-taught ratio (TTR), AU had advertised over 500 teaching posts in February this year. Divided into planned (i.e. which were sanctioned to AU during 11th Five Year Plan) and non-plan (i.e. which were sanctioned earlier but were lying vacant), chunk of these posts are for assistant professors. A total of 318 positions are for assistant professors, 203 under plan while rest being under non-plan.AU needs 119 associate professors wherein 31 posts are under planned posts while 88 are for non-planned posts. Similarly, for the post of professors, AU has invited applications for 67 posts, 17 professors under plann posts while the rest 50 under non-plan.Starting with the process, AU had held selection committee in September last week wherein selection committee for the department of Food and Technology of Institute of Professional Studies (IPS), department of Bioinformatics, department of Biochemistry and department of Education were held. After that, no selection committee was held in October.The departments where interviews, for recruiting fresh teachers, would be done include department of mathematics, statistics, music and psychology.The departments, interviews for which could be held include CBCS, anthropology, commerce etc.Sources said that after holding selection committees, AU could hold the meeting of its executive council (EC) and open the envelopes of the selection committee after which the names of those selected could be made public and the same can join.A senior teacher of AU, associated with recruitment process, said, \"Teachers and officials at AU are putting hours of labour to see that AU gets fresh teachers at the campus as soon as possible so that the students, which are already suffering because of the shortage of teachers at all the departments, will get teachers and AU would improve in terms of TTR\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095050", "title": "Gandhis back PM, PC on reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress chief Sonia Gandhi and heir apparent Rahul Gandhi delivered a ringing endorsement of the government's economic policies on Sunday, providing Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and finance minister P Chidambaram the political backing to pursue reforms energetically.In his speech, Rahul hit out at the BJP and the Left for criticizing FDI in retail, saying the claim that it would drive small stores out of business was false. \"The truth is that food processing will help farmers,\" he said.The Congress general secretary lashed out at the opposition for criticizing the FDI proposal in a \"mindless and thoughtless\" manner. His support for the PM's argument that reforms generate revenues for welfare programmes will be music to Singh's ears as he navigates the last leg of a troubled second term.Rahul's words are all the more significant as he is seen to be days away from accepting a more direct responsibility in party affairs, even though he took care to emphasize Congress's commitment to legislating food security and land acquisition laws.With Sonia also voicing support, Congress may have fully shed its squeamishness over unabashedly pursuing the growth mantra. The success of the reforms path recently outlined by the PM and the finance minister is by no means dependent solely on the Congress leadership's backing, with gathering enough numbers in Parliament another concern.There is an urgent need to follow up fuel price hikes and the FDI in retail therapy with a roadmap on passing the goods and services tax and direct tax code bills, increasing railway fares, moving forward on insurance and pension reform and ensuring passage of an improved company law.However, it will be heartening for the PM to see the Rahul-Sonia message being beamed at the rally. Nonetheless, the message that Congress's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and Rahul's \u00e2\u20ac\u201d prospects for 2014 will dwindle rapidly unless the economy begins to tick has percolated far and deep. The party brass sees the merit of the argument that voter anger over job losses, eroded savings and inflation will be unsparing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17095165", "title": "Vocational training planned in Red states", "text": "NEW DELHI: Aiming to keep youngsters away from Maoist ideology, the Centre will launch a special skill development programme to facilitate employment of youth belonging to Naxal-affected states in the corporate sector. The Home Ministry has roped in the National Skill Development Corporation to impart training to youths from the Naxal-affected states in vocational courses like computer and mobile phone repairing, car repairing , catering, hospitality, carpentry, nursing and driving, among others.A total of 1,500 youths will be enrolled in the three-month training course beginning next month, while 2,000 more will be trained in the next fiscal, official sources said. The ministry will bear the expenses up to Rs 30,000 for each youth and the NSDC will ensure their placement in corporate sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094558", "title": "Private builders not keen on LIG housing projects", "text": "HYDERABAD: Residential projects proposed for Lower Income Groups (LIGs) by the Andhra Pradesh Housing Board (APHB) as part of joint venture projects with private developers have not been completed even four years after their commencement.People have been waiting for LIG projects as they were proposed in upmarket areas like Gachibowli and Kukataplly in the city and Visakhapatnam. Officials said while LIG housing scheme was supposed to begin at eight projects, but works began at only three sites -- two at Gachibowli and one at Kukatpally -- and no project was completed till now.In an attempt to provide affordable housing to lower income groups, APHB had made it mandatory for joint venture projects to reserve 5% of total land for LIG a few years ago. The project developers who were allotted land in joint venture projects were asked to take up LIG housing units in 5% of the total allotted land for the project. For flats (houses) that come up in about 460 square feet (sft) to 500 sft built up area, APHB would pay Rs 450 per sft to the developers towards construction cost. Once construction is completed, the developers have to hand over the flats to the housing board, which would auction the flaats for general public.LIG housing was proposed in Cyberabad Hi-Tech Integrated Development Corporation Pvt Ltd (CHTIDCP) in Kukatpally, Vasantha Projects Ltd, Ramky Towers Ltd in Gachibowli, Indu Eastern Province in Bandlaguda, Ramky Infrastructure Pvt Ltd in Warangal, Suprabhat Infrast and projects in Khammam and Saavithrimaata Realtors and NCC Urban Infrastructure Ltd in Visakhaptnam. Officials said 310 flats were supposed to be constructed by CHTIDCP in their 65-acre project in Kukatpally, but till now only 155 flats were completed. Another developer, Vasanatha Projects Ltd had proposed 35 flats for LIG groups in their Gachibowli project, but they are now in slab stage. Ramky Towers Ltd has completed only 40 flats against 100 flats in 15-acre land in Gachibowli. Projects in Vizag were not commenced due to land and other problems.\"The main reason for delay of LIG housing schemes is project developers are concerned only about their own projects taken up in 95% of land allotted to them as they are commercially viable. They see LIG housing as unviable and have been doing mandatory work entrusted by the state government,\" an official of the APHB said.When contacted, APHB project coordinator V Nagarjuna said LIG houses in some projects were under progress and some were yet to begin due to various reasons. He hoped they would be completed by next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094506", "title": "BJP, Left oppose Cong\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s push for FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weeks before Parliament opens for the winter session, the war over FDI in multi-brand retail is intensifying with Congress pushing it with all its might and opposition BJP, Left and other parties like Trinamool Congress and Samajwadi Party among others opposing it tooth and nail.This was evident from political reactions from across the spectrum to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi, Rahul Gandhi and Prime Minister Manmohan Singh pitching for it at the Ramlila grounds on Sunday.Leader of opposition in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley put across the main opposition party's response on the FDI in retail issue by saying, \"The government has no answer to the manufacturing jobs falling due to FDI in multi-brand retail and to the displacement of retail jobs. It says middlemen will be eliminated but this will only benefit the retailers and not the farmer. In the US and Europe, a subsidy of $1 billion per day is given to farmers due to this reason.\"CPM general secretary Prakash Karat reacted to Congress's advocacy for FDI in multi-brand retail by saying, \"They are helping Walmart.\" He also said the government should pass the \"democratic test\" on FDI by putting the decision to vote in Parliament.Last month, Karat had said in an interview, \"It is not a question of whether this government can pass a no-confidence test or not. We want them to pass this test \u00e2\u20ac\u201d whether Parliament can have a say in the economic policy measure which affects a vast majority of the people.\"Jaitley took a dig at Congress also for the aggressive rhetoric of its leaders at the rally. He said the speakers had dodged the scandals in allocation of 2G spectrum and coal blocks and corruption by party leaders and relatives. \"This was a rally intended to create a false bravado when they have failed on the financial front and in giving a clean government. It has no idea on how to control prices and has rationalized diesel and LPG price hike. The Congress is rejoicing in the misery of the common man,\" he said.Senior BJP leader Murli Manohar Joshi also hit out at the Congress and the government, accusing it of being insensitive and enjoying at the expense of the poor. \"Like the buffalo enjoys her fodder, they (UPA) are enjoying their fodder of FDI, insensitive to the needs of the poor and are sensitive only to the needs of foreign and multinational companies,\" Joshi told reporters. He said Congress was oblivious to the widespread opposition to FDI in retail and was trying to mislead the people on the issue.Political parties, traders and farmers' organizations were all united in opposing this proposal, Joshi said, adding that this was seen in the two Bharat Bandhs called by the opposition. \"They brought this FDI in retail under foreign pressure,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "17094252", "title": "Thieves destroy two ATMs, fail to loot cash", "text": "BOKARO: Five masked criminals damaged two ATM machines of State Bank of India (SBI) at BIADA building in Balidih early on Sunday. The thieves broke CCTV camera while entering the kiosk.This is the second similar incident in the past 48 hours. On Friday night, the criminals damaged the ATM machine of ICICI Bank at Telgadia Moad in Chas Muffasil police station here. However, in both the incidents the miscreants unable to loot cash from the machine as they failed to open it.Ramnath Ram, the guard at SBI ATM, said the incident occurred around 1am. \"The shutter was half down and I was inside. Sensing that someone had scaled the boundary wall of the building campus, I came out of the counter to watch, when five criminals overpowered me. They all were wearing masks. Two of them took me at the back of the ATM counter while three entered inside and damaged the ATM. They broke the CCTV camera that was installed in the counter,\" said guard who informed police later.During investigation, police found the thieves damaged the ATM machine by hitting it with iron rods but failed to take out cash. A forensic team visited the spot and collected samples.Officer in-charge of Balidih police station Bir Kumar said investigation was on to identify the criminals. Police found the ATM machines damaged when they reached the spot. An FIR has been lodged in this connection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093185", "title": "176 dengue cases detected in less than a month in Jaiipur", "text": "JAIPUR: Dengue cases in Jaipur have shot up dramatically in less than a month with the report of 176 such cases in the city.However, the medical health and family welfare department downplayed the situation claiming that in comparison to the corresponding period last year, the number of dengue cases this year are quite less.It was only in October the fever started victimizing people. The figure of dengue cases from January 1 to October 22 was just 28. But from October 7 to October 22, as many as 51 new cases of dengue fever were reported. Moreover, from October 22 to November 4, the new dengue cases found in the city were 125.As part of its drive against vector-borne diseases, the department is conducting anti-larvae activities in the city and a fogging machine has been deployed to kill mosquitoes, an official said.Currently, private and government hospitals have witnessed an increased number of patients suffering from vector-borne diseases. The demand of platelets has also increased in the city with the rise in dengue cases.A city's blood banks official said they have witnessed increased arrival of people to collect platelets. \"The demand of platelets has increased in our blood bank in the past one month. Attendants of patients suffering from dengue come to take at least six units of platelets per person. So, it is difficult for blood banks to meet the increased demand. But, we have stepped up efforts to ensure that every patient's attendant gets the platelets. Earlier in normal days, the demand of platelets was 30 units but it has increased to around 150 units.\"He said the shelf life of platelets is also very less and it is not possible to stock platelets which become useless after a maximum five days.An SMS hospital administration official said cases of malaria and dengue are reported daily. In early October, the cases were high but now it has started decreasing, the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17095674", "title": "Denied entry, Sunil fans pay tribute with slogans", "text": "KOLKATA: A tribute to author Sunil Gangopadhyay at Rabindra Sadan on Sunday evening turned into chaos with thousands of his admirers jostling with police at the auditorium gates to gain entry. Director Goutam Ghose and author Atin Bandopadhyay were among some of the luminaries who were denied entry initially.Even as authors, poets and artists fondly recalled their association with Gangopadhyay and his literature, his legion of fans shouted slogans in disapproval and held aloft posters with the poet's picture and verses. The tribute was organized by Krittibas, the little magazine launched by Gangopadhyay in 1953.A tribute to author Sunil Gangopadhyay degenerated into a chaos at the Rabindra Sadan on Sunday evening with thousands of his admirers waiting at the auditorium gates in vain to witness the homage. Soon after the gates were shut with more than an hour remainning for the programme to begin, the crowd started jostling with the police for entry. The latter pushed away the crowd leading to protests. Even as authors, poets and artists fondly recalled their association with Gangopadhyay and his literature, his legion of admirers shouted slogans in disapproval and held aloft posters with the poet's picture and verses. The tribute was organized by Krittibas, the little magazine launched by Gangopadhyay in 1953.The homage opened on a sombre note with the Tagore song - Jagate ananda jagge. The audience was, however, asked to refrain from clapping. As the audience clapped mildly, they were asked to refrain from it.\"Please don't clap for this is a condolence meeting. But then we are not treating this as one, for Sunil Gangopadhyay lives on in every one of us,\" declared poet Srijato, who conducted the programme.Poet Nirendranath Chakrabarty warmly reminisced his long association with the departed author. \"Sunil's death is a personal loss for me. He was like a brother. I had first read his poetry when he was a 16-year-old boy. He had sent it to a magazine for which I was working.His verses were brilliant, different from what we had read till then. His language was bold, subjects daring. I not only got his poem printed, I even wrote to him praising it. He was moved by my letter and later told me that he felt too shy to send me a reply,\" said Chakrabarty.Describing Gangopadhyay as a \"towering tree\" in the world of contemporary Bengali literature, Chakrabarty said he was fortunate to witness Gangopadhyay's steady growth as a writer through the decades. \"He started off as a small plant and developed into a huge tree. I consider myself fortunate to have witnessed this transformation. Even though Sunil was an atheist, he did reach out to god in his own way. There are two ways you can look at religion and god. The first is through conventional religious belief and the second is through good deeds. Sunil chose the latter path which did make him a believer in his own way,\" said Chakrabarty.Author Sirshendu Mukhopadhyay praised Gangopadhyay as a colleague. said it was a pleasure to work alongside him in the same office.\"We had once been on a trip to Shillong , and Sunil, after a bout of drinking, fell down from his bed. I looked around for help but there was none. Since I could not lift him alone, I placed a pillow under his head. Next morning, he was quite upset with me for not having helped him back to his bed. But he was extremely generous. Often, he would improve the lines penned by young poets and end up re-writing the entire poem. But he never sought credit,\" he said.While director Mrinal Sen recounted how the author moulded young poets, director Goutam Ghose would rush to him whenever he needed consultation. \"It's unbelievable how he helped and moulded so many young poets and made them flower,\" Sen said. Director Goutam Ghose said he had never seen an author who loved cinema like he did. \"Sunilda not only loved good cinema, he was quite an expert on films and script-writing,\" he said.Besides Gangopadhyay's admirers, several luminaries including Ghose and author Atin Bandopadhyay were initially denied entry. Painter Jogen Chaudhuri had to be taken inside through a rear gate.Miffed for being denied entry into the venue, While the guests were whisked away into the auditorium.Even as writers paid their triibutes, thousands Sunil Gangopadhyay fans descended on the Rabindra Sadan lawns to pay tribute to Gangopadhyay in their own way - shouting slogans and holding up posters. They stared at a giant screen without audio that was put up near the main gate. \"Sunil Gangopadhyay amar rahe\", shouted a few enthusiasts. Others went around the auditorium silently, holding his posters.\"It's unfair to keep us out. But as Sunil's fans, we couldn't care less. We shall pay our own respect by reciting his verses,\" said Amar Ray, a Baguihati resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17093313", "title": "Drug and rob offenders nabbed", "text": "KANPUR: Government Railway Police (GRP) personnel late Saturday night arrested two drug-and-rob gangsters from platform number two of Kanpur Central railway station as they were about to strike.The two were identified by GRP as Ravi and Awdesh, residents of Hanspuram in Naubasta. The police recovered three stolen mobile phones and 500 gms of sedative powder from their possession. The GRP officials informed that both had been on the run for a longtime. Several cases of loot were lodged against Awdesh with Babupurwa police station, informed a GRP official. When asked about their modus operandi, the official said the two used to travel with passengers in general coaches of the train.Thereafter, they used to offer eatables laced with sedatives and loot the passengers when the latter pass out. \"We were on the lookout for these criminals and now they have been arrested and sent to jail,\" said the official. The GRP cops posted at Govindpuri police station also arrested a miscreant identified as Rahul Rathore, a resident of Moti Mohal locality in the city for the same offence. The GRP registered a case against Rathore and sent him to jail.Woman allegedly burnt for dowry: A newly married woman was allegedly burnt alive by her husband and in-laws in Kanpur Dehat. Ruby's family members blamed that she was burnt alive by her husband Sonu, mother-in-law Phoolan, brothers-in-law Lakhan and Pappu and sisters-in-law on Saturday night.Ruby, who was rushed to the district hospital with almost 90 per cent burn injuries, was referred to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where she died.Derapur police have registered a case against the accused. No arrests have been made. The incident occurred at Dudauli village.Ruby, resident of Makrandpur Niwada village got married to Sonu in February. Soon after marriage, her husband started asking her to buy him a plot in Kanpur. She told her parents about the demands made by Sonu. Her family was not in a financial position to help her. \"Sonu and his family members had threatened Ruby several times. She was feeling disturbed,\" her father Prahlad Singh said.SHO, Derapur Rajesh Kumar Dwivedi said that the accused would be nabbed soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095497", "title": "Want prabhag-wise trash collection: Sena", "text": "NASHIK: The opposition party leader Sudhakar Badgujar from Shiv Sena in NMC sought prabhag wise system to collect garbage within NMC's limits.The contract of the existing garbage collection contractor, which had come to an end on August 22, 2012, had been extended by the standing committee of NMC.Badgujar said, \"NMC will have to pay Rs 11 crore for lifting garbage if it is done through a contractor. NMC has 125 garbage collecting vehicles of its own operational in all 62 prabhags across six divisions of NMC, which are provided to the contractor. The NMC also spends on the diesel and maintenance of vehicles. The garbage is to be collected by 370 workers and their salary will be not more than Rs 2.67 crore a year. Hence, if NMC brings into effect the prabhag wise system on its own to lift the garbage, it will not cost NMC more than Rs 4 crore and it will save around Rs 7 crore.\"After heated discussions on clearance of garbage by ghanta gadi, operated by a contractor, city mayor Yatin Wagh had asked municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare to make the list of prabhag wise ghantagadi and submit it at the next meeting.The proposal to float a fresh tender to collect garbage by ghanta gadis, amounting to Rs 11 crore, was adjourned at the meeting on Oct 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093752", "title": "CM greenlights action against Shiv Sena MLA", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has instructed Thane civic chief R A Rajeev to initiate appropriate action against Shiv Sena MLA Pratap Sarnaik and his associates for allegedly flouting construction rules. \"The file pertaining to violation of FSI norms by the Shiv Sena MLA has been cleared by CM Prithviraj Chavan. The CM has instructed Rajeev to take appropriate action against the erring MLA and his associates,\" said a senior official attached to the CM's office.In December 2012, Rajeev had sent a report to Chavan, indicting Sarnaik and his associates for violating construction rules. In his report, the civic chief claimed that Sarnaik and his associates violated FSI norms and constructed 13-storey buildings instead of the permitted ground-plus-nine.An inquiry was conducted by the Thane civic body against the Sena MLA and others following instructions by the CM's office to probe allegations made by the then leader of the Opposition in the Thane corporation.Last month TOI had reported that eight months after receiving a report from the Thane civic chief against Sarnaik and others, the CM was still to initiate action against the alleged accused. After the TOI report, the CM's office last week instructed Rajeev to initiate action against those indulged in violation of rules.Rajeev said, \"The CM's office has asked me to go ahead with legal action. Accordingly, the Thane civic body will proceed with action against those who have violated civic norms.\"Sarnaik told TOI that Rajeev's action against him was vindictive. \"If other builders can get their constructions regularized after paying a fine, then why is the same rule not applicable to my firm? The state administration has issued orders without giving me a chance to plead my case. I will fight the corporation and the state administration in court,\" Sarnaik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094417", "title": "Congress rally shows party's resolve to stand up and fight", "text": "NEW DELHI: After having been at the receiving end of attacks from political rivals and free agents like India Against Corruption leader Arvind Kejriwal , Congress may well have thought it wise to keep a low profile to try and not present itself as a target.But in a move that signals a resolve to stand its ground and tell opponents that it has far from given up the fight, Congress's \"pro-FDI\" rally on Sunday was in equal measure a bold move and an act of self-preservation on the part of a party running out of options.Faced with a pincer attack from civil society groups and the main opposition BJP, Congress had to announce that it remains a going concern and its top leadership is not only in command but prepared to rally troops for fresh combat.The rally is part of a flurry of action in government and party in recent weeks. The government has tried to break out of a policy stupor by pushing welfare and infrastructure programmes that have been languishing. The party organization is readying for the formal anointment of Rahul Gandhi as heir apparent.There is a shade of irony in the party's reliance on regional strongmen with Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda being the mainstay of Sunday's mobilization although this is now seen to be par for the course in both Congress and BJP.How successful the bid to shift the momentum away from the opposition will be is not clear but the ruling party managed to dominate the airwaves with its agenda creating an impression of activity that will be more closely tested when Parliament meets for its winter session later this month.Aware that optics matter, Congress managers ensured a packed house at Ramlila Maidan that provided the perfect setting for party president Sonia Gandhi to counter punch the opposition while reiterating UPA's commitment to pro-poor measures seen to be voter getting devices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "17095453", "title": "Punjab's Jiwanjot joins elite double ton club", "text": "MOHALI: It was a copybook cover drive and the ball went like a bullet, crossing the boundary in a fraction of a second. Elated Jiwanjot Singh raised his bat and acknowledged the crowd's applause that reverberated through the PCA stadium, Mohali.Playing his first Ranji Trophy match, the Punjab batsman went on to score a brilliant 213 against Hyderabad on Sunday. Jiwanjot was on cloud nine but he was totally unaware of the fact that he had become the fifth Indian to score a double century on first-class debut.He joined the likes of Gundappa Vishwanath (230), Amol Muzumdar (260), Manprit Juneja (201) and Anshuman Pandey (209) who had scored a double ton in their maiden first-class match.Speaking to TOI after Day 3, Jiwanjot said that he was oblivious of such a record. \"While batting, I never knew that I'd be joining such an elite club.Scoring a double hundred on my Ranji debut definitely gives me satisfaction but my team is in a match-winning position and that's more important. I am happy that I could contribute to my team's score,\" said the young stroke player.Giving credit to Punjab captain Harbhajan Singh , the lad expressed gratitude towards his skipper for giving him a chance to play in the starting XI.\"Bhajji paa gave me a chance to play in the starting XI and I thank him for this. Even before the match, he boosted Mandeep, Amitoze and me. I am happy that all of us could live up to the faith that he has reposed on us,\" said a beaming Jiwanjot.Jiwanjot strode to the crease on Day 2 of the match with the pitch still offering movement to the seamers. Anwar Khan and Mohammed Khader started proceedings for Hyderabad under overcast conditions. The young batsmen negotiated the opening burst and then dominated the post-lunch session. Jiwanjot was particularly severe on left-arm spinner Pragyan Ojha , hitting him for four boundaries in one of his spells. Jiwanjot duly completed his half-century.With the new ball wearing off and the pitch flattening out, Jiwanjot enjoyed the good batting conditions in the post-tea session. The 21-year-old batsman brought up a strokeful maiden century and remained unbeaten on 116, at stumps on Day 2.He began Day 3 on an aggressive note and quickly reached the 150-run-mark. Thereafter, he scored his maiden double-century managing 213 off 368 balls, with 33 hits to the fence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17098995", "title": "Sonia Gandhi to visit her constituency Rae Bareli for two days", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress president Sonia Gandhi will pay a two-day visit to her constituency Rae Bareli from November 7 to flag off the first batch of coaches at the Rail coach factory in Lalganj.According to the detailed programme released here by the Congress office, Gandhi would flag off the new coaches made at the Rail Coach Factory Lalganj on the first day of her visit and lay the foundation stone of Rae Bareli-Utratiya rail line and multi-purpose complex at the railway station.She will also be presenting the appointment letters, as promised, to those who had given their land for setting up the coach factory.Earlier on her arrival, she will visit FDDI, Fursatganj and lay the foundation Stone of low-cost housing units at Barvaripur and later in the afternoon take part in the convocation of NIFT and lay the foundation stone of its new building.On the second day, she will attend the meeting of vigilance and monitoring committee and meet people of her constituency before leaving for New Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17095416", "title": "Gorilla Polo recovers from gastritis", "text": "MYSORE: The Mysore Zoo's efforts in maintaining the health of the nation's only gorilla in captivity have paid off as Polo, who had severe gastritis, has recovered now.The 39-year-old Polo was diagnosed with the stomach disorder some three weeks back. The zoo authorities were anxious about his health. He has now fully recovered, Zoo executive director BP Ravi said.The zoo consulted Dr Sunder Raj, the consultant for apes. The vets and staff treated Polo round-the-clock. The gorilla is now taking normal diet and active, Ravi said. Polo had experienced the same problem about eight years ago.Polo had to be treated based on observation of symptoms without resorting to tranquilization and without administering intravenous fluids and drugs within the cage. However, doctors managed to administer the drugs orally with the help of its keeper Pandian. Drugs mixed in fruits or milk or tea or stuffed in eggs were given to him, which helped him recover quickly, he stated. Gorillas in the wild normally live up to the age of 35 years and it is reported that out of some 360 gorillas in North American zoos, only four are older than 50 years. At present, a female gorilla, Colo, housed at Columbus Zoo in Ohio, USA, is the oldest living gorilla in captivity. She is 56 years. The zoo has five chimpanzees with 52-years-old Wali being the oldest. He also often suffers from the same problem. The zoo said the Central Zoo Authority has agreed to the inclusion of both species in the proposed Animal Collection Plan, which will help it to acquire young animals on exchange basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17094579", "title": "Missing degree student\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s body found floating in Gandipet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The body of a degree second year student, who went missing after he left home earlier this week, was found in Gandipet on Sunday.The victim was identified as G Sravan Kumar, 20, of Virat Nagar Colony in Tolichowki. He was studying B Com II year at a private college in Koti. He left his home on November 1 evening to drop his mother at Mehdipatnam bus stop. However, after dropping his mother at the bus stop, Sravan Kumar did not return home.As they were unable to trace him throughout the night, Sravan's father G Krishna lodged a complaint with the Golconda police. On Sunday morning, locals found Sravan's body floating in Gandipet and alerted police.The information was passed on to Sravan's family members and they identified the body. Police suspect that love failure could be the reason for the extreme step.A case was booked under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and the body has been shifted to Osmania Hospital for a post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093132", "title": "Elderly people root for CM Nitish", "text": "PATNA: Majority of the senior citizens participating in the Adhikar Rally had come from far-flung areas of the state to support CM Nitish Kumar.Jaikaran Mandal (70), a resident of Supaul district said, \"After the division of Bihar, we are left with sand and water only. Jharkhand is enriched with minerals. So, Bihar needs industries for the future generation. This CM is, at least, trying to improve the condition of the state. So, full support to him.\"Karim Chand (66) from Siwan is a happy man in Nitish 'raj'. \"If there is peace and development in the districts like Siwan, East Champaran, West Champaran and Gopalganj, credit goes to CM Nitish. In the 1980s and 90s, these places were safe hideouts for bandits and goons. Complaints of kidnapping were an everyday affair. People complain that Nitish's government has failed to complete ambitious development plans. But he has the ambition, at least.\"Suresh Paswan (80), a teacher from Sitamarhi said it was his moral duty to support Nitish for the cause of Bihar. \"If he is asking for our support, it is our moral duty to show solidarity with him. When Nitish became CM, he first improved law and order and ensured speedy trials of criminals,\" he said.\"People now go out without fear even during night. The state's economic growth has reached double-digit since Nitish became the CM. He provided cycles to the young girls to encourage them to go to schools,\" said Meena Devi, a teacher from Bhagalpur.Prabha Devi (52) of Nalanda said, \"Earlier, it was an era of 'patnivadi rajneeti' (wife-centric politics) and now it is 'vikasvadi rajneeti' (development-oriented politics). During the previous regime, women used to feel unsafe while the improved law and order has helped them move out and live without fear.\"Yogeshwar Mahto, a zila parishad member from Nalanda feels that the special category status to Bihar would create job opportunities for the youth. \"We cannot claim that we are living in heaven. Incidents of crime are still there. Migration to other states would come down and old parents won't be left alone at their ancestral houses after the special category status to Bihar,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097447", "title": "Shah Rukh gets special gift by a fan", "text": "There is no limit to the extent to which fans go to express their love for their stars. On November 2, Shah Rukh Khan's birthday, a fan, Anupam, presented the Bollywood superstar with a special gift -- a poster of RA.One carved on a slab of marble weighing about 60 kgs.An eye-witness said, \"The gift took Shah Rukh by surprise. He was touched by the sheer effort put in to make the carving come out so alive. The precision and the perfection of the work impressed Khan. In fact Shah Rukh Khan made it a point to meet the fan separately and posed with him too.\"It costs a whopping amount to make inlay carving like the one given to Shah Rukh. \"Marbles are expensive stone and to carve and colour the carving costs a bomb. Shah Rukh appreciated that and humbly expressed his gratitude to the fan,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098136", "title": "No animosity with Farah Khan: Sonakshi Sinha", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha has denied that film 'Joker' has led to any animosity between her and producer-director Farah Khan.Gossip mills were abuzz that all was not well between Farah Khan-Shirish Kunder and Akshay Kumar-Sonakshi Sinha, the lead actors of 'Joker'.Though Sonakshi had promoted the film, Akshay was conspicuously absent from the promotions of 'Joker'.Recently, Farah had said that a star should stand by the film come what may and that she will work with those who stand by the movie.\"I was part of promotions. It is wrong to point fingers that I have not promoted the film. I know things are being written about me as well. I don't think the result of the box office changes the equation between two people. Farah is very cordial to me, she is very nice to me there is no animosity with her,\" Sonakshi told .\"I have known Farah from before I interacted with Shirish when I signed the film. The working experience with Shirish was good. With Farah it is like an elder sister, it was wonderful to work with her when she was choreographing. She is jovial, full of life,\" she said.Directed and co-produced by Kunder, 'Joker', a fantasy film, released on August 31 and received a poor opening.Prior to that Sonakshi had two back-to-back successes - 'Dabangg' and 'Rowdy Rathore' . However, the failure of 'Joker' has not changed her way of approaching work.\"I think success and failure are part of every profession, everyone goes through it. 'Joker' was a risk that everyone took. It did not do well, audience did not accept it, it is ok. It happens,\" Sonakshi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093126", "title": "Cops keep strict vigil", "text": "PATNA: The Sunday's 'Adhikar Rally' here was fully under electronic surveillance. Though metal detector door frames could not be installed at the maidan's entry gates, cops checked the rallyists at the entry points.Among the five entry gates, the gates opposite SBI and Biscomaun Bhavan were used for the entry of the CM and VIPs including ministers, MPs and legislators. The other three gates near police control room, Udyog Bhavan and RBI were used by the rally participants. Barricading starting from every entry gate led the rallyists towards the four sectors of the ground.Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"Metal detector door frames could not be installed at the entry gates because of heavy footfalls. It would have taken hours to allow entrants one by one through metal detector door frames. Instead of such gates, cops checked the rallyists at the entry points of various sectors of the ground.\" Besides, policemen randomly checked any person with suspicious activity and drunken men. About 1,000 policemen were deployed in and around the Gandhi Maidan to manage the crowd.The SSP added, \"CCTVs were installed at the SBI building, Biscomaun Bhavan, Twin Tower and other high-rise buildings around the Gandhi Maidan. Armed policemen were also deployed at the high-rise buildings with binoculars to monitor the crowd.\"Four watch towers were installed in the ground to keep a close vigil on the crowd. Two Bihar Military Police jawans were deployed at each of the watch towers with binoculars. Quick reaction teams were also deployed at the venue for any emergency.There were two crane cameras too, which were recording the speeches of JD-U leaders, including the CM, and view of the crowd to webcast it live.About 40 ambulances and doctors were deputed near Gandhi Maidan and one each at the police stations. Officials at the police control room said that no major incident occurred during the rally, except for one person fainting near Collectorate Ghat who was taken to PMCH and a bike accident near Gandhi Maidan where the injured was taken to Gandhi Maidan PS.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17093219", "title": "Self-projection show? Not really", "text": "PATNA: From the unanimous all-party resolution passed by Bihar legislature to the JD-U's solo show on Sunday, the agenda of special state status to the state seems to have been virtually hijacked by chief minister Nitish Kumar.Though the demand is originally claimed to have been made by the then chief minister Rabri Devi before the then Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee in 2002, it took a strong shape when CM Kumar sort of herded the state MLAs to unanimously pass a resolution making the demand from the Centre on April 4, 2006. As if to prove he meant business, Kumar during his second term as CM got a similar resolution passed afresh by the two Houses of state legislature in March 2010.Kumar kept all parties in the loop on the needs of backward Bihar till April 6, 2012 when he led an all-party delegation from the state to PM Manmohan Singh and demanded 50% of the power generated at NTPC's upcoming plants at Barh and Kahalgaon. It, therefore, came as a bolt from the blue for other political parties when Kumar's JD-U on June 19, 2012 announced its decision to organize its first ever rally since it came to power in 2005 to press for the tag of special state. It did not join hands even with ally BJP for the event, aptly named Adhikar Rally.Though it was a gala show at the Gandhi Maidan on Sunday, there were many who felt it would have impacted the Centre more effectively had the rally involved all the political parties. \"Certainly it would have been healthier for the state had the CM invited all parties. But there's no harm if other parties hold separate rallies,\" BJP's state president C P Thakur said and added his party was already making preparations for a Hoonkar Rally in Patna in April on the issue.CPM's state secretary Vijaykant Thakur thinks the demand is not practical. \"We would have stayed away even if we had been invited to join the rally,\" Thakur told TOI and added the rally was originally conceived to serve twin purposes of projecting Nitish as a prime ministerial candidate and dumping ally BJP in the 2014 election. India Against Corruption's Ratnesh Chaudhary also felt the rally was aimed more at assessing the popularity of Nitish than creating a big buzz for special status to the state.Bihar watcher and economist Shaibal Gupta, however, disagreed. \"The rally's avowed aim was special state status,\" he said and added the CM decided to go solo on the demand possibly because he wanted to build JD-U on the Bihar-centric economic and development agenda. \"Kumar and his party should be given the due credit for pursuing a strong economic agenda while other national parties, especially BJP, are saddled with multiple agenda,\" he said and added there was in any case no embargo for other parties on taking up the agenda of special state status to Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17093295", "title": "Protests against power tariff hike continue", "text": "KANPUR: City-based industrialists continued to mark their protest against the hike in power tariff for industrial units over the weekend. The revised tariff had come into effect on October 1.On Saturday, the industrialists took out a march from Dada Nagar industrial area to protest against the government's decision and demanded a rollback.The industrialists vowed they would not pay according to the increased rates no matter what and have decided to meet chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in this regard.A number of noted industrialists participated in the protest march taken out on the call given by Indian Industries Association. They later handed over a memorandum to a senior Kesco official posted at Dada Nagar Kesco sub-station.IIA president Naveen Khanna said the government cannot increase the power tariff by 40-50% in one go. Another other agitating industrialist said the line-loss in Dada Nagar industrial area is just 5%, considerably less than other parts of the city. With such low line-loss percentage, it did not seem just that the tariff for industries had been hiked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17093703", "title": "11-year-old Son of minister's domestic help goes missing", "text": "LUCKNOW: An 11-year-old was reported missing from Gautampalli area on Sunday. Parents of Deepak Joshi - the boy who went missing on Sunday from his maternal grandparents' home - work as domestic helps for state panchayti raj minister Kamal Akhtar, who stays in the high-profile area.Deepak is a student of class 4 in Bluestar Montessori School, located close to GPO, Hazratganj. According to Suresh Chand Omhare, SO Gautampalli, Deepak was pulled up regularly by his teachers and parents for not concentrating on studies. He left home 10 days back and was staying at his maternal grandmother's house located near Purana Qila area of Hussainganj. Deepak's mother had reportedly yelled at him on Saturday night due to which he left home on Sunday morning. His parents tried tracing the boy, but failed to get any leads on his whereabouts. Subsequently, Tribhuvan Joshi, boy's father approached Gautampalli police station on Sunday late evening and informed him about his missing child.The family stays in the servant quarters of the minister's official residence.Another 11-year-old boy was also reported missing on Saturday from Chowk area. Vashish Swankaar, was a student of Kendriya Vidyalaya RDSO branch and was reportedly hurt by jibes made by his school teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17094270", "title": "In a first, Chinese newspaper adopts conciliatory tone to border dispute", "text": "NEW DELHI: \"The border issue does not define the 'whole' of the bilateral relationship and should, therefore, not affect the overall development of Sino-Indian relations. Before a final settlement is reached on the border dispute, the two sides must work together to jointly safeguard peace and stability in the border areas.\"This is possibly the first \"official\" commentary by a mainstream Chinese daily newspaper, and is surprisingly pacific. The Guangming Daily, a newspaper run by the Chinese Communist Party's Central Committee which targets intellectuals, has taken an almost conciliatory view of the 1962 war and the border problem between China and India. The platform and content of the article are being seen as significant.In the past month, while Indian media and the commentariat have written and spoken extensively on the 1962 conflict, more often than not focusing on Indian failures and Chinese \"duplicity\", Chinese media, which is extensively state-controlled, has remained largely silent, with only a few newspapers like Liberation Daily and Global Times (which are also state-owned but carry less weight) publishing commentaries or refuting claims like the one by Indian Air Force chief N A K Browne that the outcome of the war might have been different if the IAF had been pressed into service.For the first time, the Chinese \"line\" seems to become clearer. The comment, written by Lu Yang, says, \"Once, our two countries went to war in the very same border region -- but the smoke of that conflict has long dispersed.\"Asserting, in Manmohan Singh-like terms, that \"the world is large enough for India and China to strengthen cooperation with each other in order to achieve common development and prosperity\", the commentary details the number of agreements on the border issue, including the most recent \"new mechanism (which) provides a new platform for the two sides to communicate and grasp a developing situation in a timely way, as well as allows for more effective protection of peace and tranquility in the border areas\".The article notes the \"healthy and stable development\" of bilateral relations between China and India, the peaceful border and \"regular stream of consultations through a variety of mechanisms\" which, it says, has reached \"an important consensus\".China also appears to reaffirm the 2005 Political Parameters and Guiding Principles agreement. In reality, it has walked back from a key provision in that agreement, so an affirmation of the pact is significant.The article goes on to state that India and China, two developing economies, need a peaceful environment in which to flourish. Here may lie the key to the commentary. China's eastern front is in the thick of a storm due to disputes with Japan, Philippines and Vietnam among others. In the run up to the all-important once-in-a-decade leadership change, ironically, China's most peaceful border is with India. This, sources said, may be one of the reasons behind these soothing tones from Beijing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "17095498", "title": "Med dept pushes for local virology lab", "text": "NASHIK: If the general body approves the proposal by the medical department of the NMC, the city will not have to depend on National Institute of Virology, Pune, for tests for dengue, swine flu and other ailments.Medical Officer Dr D B Patil will be presenting the proposal for a virology centre in the city as is there in Pune and Mumbai in the next general body meeting. There is a provision of Rs 5 crore in the budget for such a lab but Patil said that there was a problem of place. A local lab would cut down the cost and reduce time required to send and get the results of the medical tests. The lab in Pune does tests for a number of places and this causes delay in time taken to conduct tests and send reports. With rising suspected cases of dengue, chairman of the standing committee had instructed Patil to begin the procedure of setting up a virology centre.On Wednesday, Patil met heads of all the NMC hospitals and instructed them not to declare cases of dengue till the reports came from Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093060", "title": "Ramdev, Congress spit fire at each other", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In festive season, Nadiad witnessed fireworks of a different kind on Sunday morning. The choicest swears and mudslinging marked the two meetings - the Congress event in Balasinor and the one held by Baba Ramdev in the heart of Nadiad town.The yoga guru called Congress leaders agents of foreign companies, rebuked the party for ignoring the issues of unemployment. He added that the Congress was synonymous to black money in the country.\"The fact that Congress supports FDI is the biggest proof that the party it does not care for the marginalized people in India,\" Ramdev said. The guru announced that he would continue his health camps till November 6 in Nadiad.The Congress meet in Balasinor was attended by Arjun Modhwadia, Dinsha Patel , and Shankersinh Vaghela. The party leaders called Ramdev, 'Rs 5,000 crore Baba'. \"If he is really interested in politics, he should fight elections. Otherwise, he should go back to his cave and continue his yoga exercises there. I wonder what he did he do to become a multi-crore baba in such a short time,\" Modhwadia said in the public meeting. He also took potshots at chief minister Narendra Modi on dragging personal lives of people to the public arena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095605", "title": "Youth found dead in Uzanbazar", "text": "GUWAHATI: Tension gripped the Islampatti area of Uzanbaazar under Latasil police station on Saturday night when a local youth named Inamul Haque (17) was found dead in front of his own house under mysteries condition.According to Inamul's family, he had left his house at around 11pm on Saturday after his girlfriend called him. They, later, found him tied to an iron post in an unconscious state. Though he was rushed to Mahendra Mohan Chaudhury Hospital, he was declared brought dead.\"Inamul had told us that the girl's family was torturing her so he left for her house. After a few minutes, the girl called me and asked me to stop Inamul from going to her house. Later on, we fiound Inamul tied to an iron post near our house. He was killed by the girl and her family,\" alleged Rina Begum, mother of the victim. Several injury marks were found around his neck, back and hand.Inamul had been working in a meat shop since his father died four years back. According to his family, he was in a relationship with the girl for over three years.The Latasil Police registered a murder case, but locals and Inamul's family gheraoed the police station on Sunday, demanding the arrest of the girl and her family. \"We have detained the girl, Benazee Begum and her father, Farhad Alam. We have also seized their mobile phones and are now checking their call log,\" said a policeman at Latasil PS.The dog squad was also used to track any lead in the case, but to no avail. \"We have found that another youth was involved in the case and we are now looking for him,\" added the policeman.However, the girl denied the charges and said Inamul left her house on Saturday night after they had a fight. \"I switched off my mobile phone after we had a fight last night. When he couldn't contact me on phone, he came to my house and started fighting with my family. He left after a while and I don't know what happened after that,\" Begum said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17093867", "title": "Extra buses for rally trigger traffic snarls", "text": "NEW DELHI: The maha rally resulted in huge traffic jams in central Delhi and parts of south and east Delhi on Sunday, with a large number of buses entering the city from the neighbouring states.The usually empty Sunday roads were jam-packed with vehicles in the afternoon with almost twice the number of buses brought to the rally than what was permitted, point out traffic sources. Buses carrying Congress supporters were even allowed to park on the IP flyover and the main carriageway of Ring Road, leading to massive snarls.The organizers had sought permission for entry and parking of about 1,000 buses, and parking was arranged for up to 1,500 buses, said traffic cops. However, almost 3,000 buses headed for Ramlila Maidan, creating complete chaos from Rajghat to ITO which even spread to the Akshardham temple and Nizamuddin Bridge. The buses were even allowed to park on Ring Road and occupy two lanes on the five-lane Salimgarh bypass.\"The problem started when the number of buses crossed the permitted count. The spillover resulted in congestion. Traffic management became difficult and dispersal was much less smoother than we planned for,\" said joint commissioner of police (traffic) Satyendra Garg.Parking was organized at Power House Road, Velodrome Road, Rajghat parking, Shanti Van parking, service roads of Rajghat, Samta Sthal and in the adjoining areas, but these places quickly filled up, resulting in no parking space during the second half of the rally.\"We tried to stop these buses from entering but as they were all headed to the rally, some buses just stopped at Ring Road and the participants went off. Though 800 traffic officers were manning the arrangements, there was not enough force to start towing away these buses, causing an unexpected snarl,\" said a senior traffic police officer of the New Delhi area.Traffic cops manned each intersection in the vicinity of Ramlila Maidan and the route planned for the arrival of vehicles. However, this could not stop jams at ITO, Rajghat, Vikas Marg, Nizamuddin Bridge, Sarai Kale Khan and Mathura Road. \"Once these buses parked on the IP flyover and even on Ring Road, the effect spiralled into all surrounding areas as Ring Road is an arterial connect. A domino effect on traffic was seen at Connaught Place, Lala Lajpat Rai Marg and Sarai Kale Khan. The ITO intersection was extremely difficult to manage as well,\" said the officer.Vehicles were stopped at Ranjit Singh flyover as people walked towards Ramlila Maidan on foot. \"There seems to be one set of rules for the ruling party and another for the common man. If we park on the main carriageway even for a minute, we are challaned; but these buses are being allowed to park anywhere,\" said Narendra Upadhyay, a CP-bound commuter who was stuck in the snarl for over 30 minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093847", "title": "US firm backs new entity plan for water &amp; sewerage depts", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) plan to improve water supply and sewerage operations in the city by creating a separate entity on the lines of BEST (Brihanmumbai Electric Supply and Transport) is finally taking shape. US-based consulting firm Deloitte, appointed by the BMC to study the proposal, recently submitted its report in which it backed the civic body's separate undertaking plan.In its report, Deloitte suggested that the BMC appoint an 11-member committee, headed by an IAS officer, to take key decisions for the undertaking. The panel is likely to include three political representatives, senior BMC officials and water and sewerage experts.Mumbai has a complex network of water supply and sewerage disposal, each of which is spread over 4,000 km. Staff shortage and lack of experts have been plaguing the two departments and the BMC has often been at the receiving end of citizens' ire over disruption in and contamination of water supply. For instance, the total number of posts in the hydraulics department is 12,015. Of these, 4,999 posts are vacant. To address the problem of staff shortage, Deloitte has suggested that engineers be deputed to the proposed undertaking for at least two years.\"The additional municipal commissioner heads the departments, but he also has to look into other things. These two departments need uninterrupted attention to make them more efficient,\" said a senior official from the water department. A separate undertaking under the BMC for water and sewerage operations could ease the city's woes by way of a dedicated workforce. The two departments have a separate budget in the BMC. Called the G-budget, water and sewerage departments have been allocated Rs 6,283.43 crore this fiscal (2012-13).The civic body is now planning to appoint retired deputy municipal commissioner Arvind Madhuskar to study the legislation and recommend amendments to the BMC Act to facilitate setting up of the undertaking.A detailed presentation of the report will be made before municipal Sitaram Kunte in a month. This will be followed by a presentation before group leaders. Once the proposal is approved by the civic general body, it will be sent to the state government for ratification.In the report, the consultant has detailed mainly models-an undertaking like BEST, London's company system and a separate agency on the lines of Delhi Jal Board.The idea of such an undertaking was first mooted by ex-municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar during his tenure as the additional municipal commissioner. Though the proposal was shot down at that time, largely due to lack of political will, it was revived last year.Times ViewLet red tape not drown the planThe idea to have an independent body to address the city's water woes and crumbling sewerage system is appreciable. But it should not turn out to be another government institution that gets caught in red tape. The new model should work towards arresting the 30% water loss in distribution and curb pilferage in the supply lines. It should also address the issue of contamination. Similarly, the sewerage lines require urgent replacement. The idea should not be shot down for lack of political will. An effective system should be established so that it is financially independent and not debt-ridden like the BEST.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098785", "title": "Now, patients\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 heartbeat could power pacemaker", "text": "An experimental device that converts energy from a beating heart to provide enough electricity to power a pacemaker has been developed.And scientists believe it could eliminate the need for surgeries to replace pacemakers with depleted batteries as patients could power their pacemakers.In a preliminary study, researchers tested an energy-harvesting device that uses piezoelectricity \u00e2\u20ac\u201d electrical charge generated from motion. The approach is a promising technological solution for pacemakers, because they require only small amounts of power to operate, said M. Amin Karami, Ph.D., lead author of the study and research fellow in the Department of Aerospace Engineering at the University of Michigan in Ann Arbor .Piezoelectricity might also power other implantable cardiac devices like defibrillators, which also have minimal energy needs, he said.Today's pacemakers must be replaced every five to seven years when their batteries run out, which is costly and inconvenient, Karami said.Researchers measured heartbeat-induced vibrations in the chest. Then, they used a \"shaker\" to reproduce the vibrations in the laboratory and connected it to a prototype cardiac energy harvester they developed. Measurements of the prototype's performance, based on sets of 100 simulated heartbeats at various heart rates, showed the energy harvester performed as the scientists had predicted \u00e2\u20ac\u201d generating more than 10 times the power than modern pacemakers require.The next step will be implanting the energy harvester, which is about half the size of batteries now used in pacemakers, Karami said.Researchers hope to integrate their technology into commercial pacemakers.Two types of energy harvesters can power a typical pacemaker: linear and nonlinear. Linear harvesters work well only at a specific heart rate, so heart rate changes prevent them from harvesting enough power.In contrast, a nonlinear harvester \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the type used in the study \u00e2\u20ac\u201d uses magnets to enhance power production and make the harvester less sensitive to heart rate changes. The nonlinear harvester generated enough power from heartbeats ranging from 20 to 600 beats per minute to continuously power a pacemaker.Devices such as cell phones or microwave ovens would not affect the nonlinear device, Karami said.The device was presented at the American Heart Association's Scientific Sessions 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17093891", "title": "13 years after Rajiv death trial, judicial officers still take home risk allowance", "text": "CHENNAI: Former prime minister Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated 21 years ago and the criminal trial in connection with the case ended nearly 13 years ago, but the court's staff and judicial officers are still cashing in on the death of the late Congress leader.They continue to pocket a \" risk allowance\", paid to them for perceived threat while the trial was in progress, taking home a monthly bonus of 30% of their pay in addition to their salary or pension.A former court staff said the additional sessions court-I here is the most favoured \"retirement court\" for district judges and court staff. \"You receive a monthly pension that is at least 30% higher than that of your peers,\" he said. \"Even if you work for a day or a month in the court and then retire, you will be entitled to this privilege,\" another officer told TOI, adding, \"There is a mad scramble among judicial officers and court employees to be posted in this court.\" A registry official said at least two dozen retired district judges and more than 100 retired court employees get the 30% bonus with their pension. \"This is only on the strength of having retired from the court that held the Rajiv Gandhi assassination trial,\" the official said.Rajiv Gandhi was assassinated on May 21, 1991 and the CBI filed charges on June 26, 1992 before the first additional sessions court, the designated court to try cases registered under the Terrorists and Disruptive Activities (Prevention) Act, 1987. Justice S M Siddick heard the case between 1992 and 1996. He was succeeded by V Navaneetham, who delivered the judgment on January 28, 1998, convicting all the 26 accused and awarding them death penalty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17093070", "title": "Congress leader attacked in Juhapura after parking row", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Badruddin Shaikh, leader of opposition in the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation ( AMC ), was assaulted in Juhapura on Sunday night. He had gone there to attend wedding functions. Shaikh was later admitted to the VS Hospital with injuries in head and chest.Police said Shaikh was to attend three wedding ceremonies in Juhapura on Sunday evening. After attending one, he went to Kadri Party Plot near Ambar Tower at 8 pm for the second function. Shaikh's driver had an altercation with the driver of an SUV over parking and the fight snowballed. According to Shaikh, the SUV car's owner and his companions beat him up and attacked him with a sword.Shaikh told TOI from the VS Hospital that he had been assaulted by the SUV's occupant Mohammad Hanif Gotiwala. \"When I tried to intervene in the matter, Gotiwala got enraged and assaulted me along with his men. They beat me up and also attacked me with a sword,\" he said. Gotiwala, a real estate dealer, was earlier arrested in connection with land grabbing cases.Sources said that Shaikh sustained two injuries on his head and chest. Medical officers at VS Hospital said that Shaikh's condition is stable.Teams of Vejalpur police, Sarkhej police and Aslali police rushed to the spot soon after the incident. Teams of Sarkhej and Aslali police then argued for long about who should take up investigations in this case. After the cops arrived at a consensus that the incident had taken place in the jurisdiction of Ahmedbad rural police, Aslali cops started probing the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17097501", "title": "It's a mix of art and ethnicity for Rahul Ram", "text": "The lead vocalist of the band, Indian Ocean and currently mentor on Zee TV's 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa 2012', Rahul Ram is inundated with compliments for his eclectic sense of style on the show. Loyal Sa Re Ga Ma Pa viewers have noticed that while the other mentors - Sajid - Wajid and Shankar Mahadevan - are always in their suits and boots, Rahul Ram is the only one who is colorfully attired in raw silk kurtas and a head patka (gear).Says celebrated designers, Rajesh and Anirban, who are styling Rahul's clothes for the season, \"Rahul is very fond of Indian textiles. So we have given him kurta's made of interesting fabrics like Varanasi brocades, Ikat from Odisha and silks from Bhagalpur. The costume that he is wearing for the Diwali special episode of 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa' is inspired by the famous Warli paintings. Throughout the season, we will experiment with many textiles from all parts of India. Every corner of our country has such wonderful fabrics to offer. We feel privileged that we can showcase it to the television audience through Rahul Ram and 'Sa Re Ga Ma Pa'. In the upcoming episodes, one will see Rahul donning kashidakari work, which is Kashmiri inspired embroidery, then Khari prints from Jaipur and Jamdani prints from East India among many others.\"Adds Rajesh, \"We didn't want Rahul to look typical. We wanted him to have a distinct appearance, which would be an interesting mix of art and ethnicity. Rahul is a very colorful person and has a beautiful personal attitude too. The head patka that he puts around his head gives him a boho look and compliments the costumes he wears. Styling Rahul has been like revisiting the dying crafts and bringing it to the forefront. We have an amazing heritage of Indian textiles and Rahul has an innate sense of style. Putting both of these together, we aim to bring to the viewers an amazing amalgamation of brilliant happy colors.\"Says mentor Rahul Ram, \"I am very happy with the kind of look that Rajesh and Anirban have created for me. It's a pleasure wearing their creations. They make the old man look really good on the screen (wink)\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093922", "title": "Octogenarian robbed of bangles worth Rs 1 lakh in Allahabad hospital", "text": "ALLAHABAD: An 80 years old woman undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Chandralok cinema crossing under Kotwali police station was robbed of her gold bangles valued at around Rs 1 lakh allegedly by a hospital staff inside the private ward where she has been admitted by her family members.As per reports, Prema Devi Jain was admitted to the private hospital two days back. On Sunday morning, a hospital staff who used to visit the patient frequently entered her room and asked her niece Sarita Jain to wait outside while she attended to the patient.The hospital staff left the room without informing the family members waiting outside and when they went back into the room they found the patient's wrists bleeding as four gold bangles she was wearing had been cut and taken away, said her granddaughter Sonal Jain.She added that family members raised an alarm after which the hospital owner and other staff rushed to the room and provided first aid to the patient. But when they denied involvement of any hospital staff in the incident, the family members lodged a complaint with Kotwali police. On information, police arrived at the spot and conducted initial investigation but could not reach any conclusion, said Jain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17095352", "title": "Forum plans protest rally against National Entrance and Eligibility Test", "text": "HUBLI: Members of the Hubli Youth Foundation (HYF) will stage a protest rally on October 8 against the state government's decision to scrap CET exams and conduct the National Entrance and Eligibility Test (NEET) for PU students to get admission for professional courses from 2013.HYF president Shahzaman R said the protest rally will start from Chetana PU College and will culminate at KC Circle after passing through the main streets of Hubli.Students, teachers and parents are expected to take part in the event.Dr.Harish Kanakpur, parent of a PU student, said students who study the state syllabus will find it hard to answer the questions based on CBSE syllabus. \"We urge the government to postpone the move to introduce NEET exam for one more year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17094966", "title": "Poor gateway for \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcManchester Of The East\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The railway station of Ludhiana, which is also known as the Manchester of the East, is one of the highest revenue generators in North India where passenger traffic and freight are concerned. But for the uninitiated, the station might as well be located in some remote hamlet. Maintenance and sanitation are perennial concerns, with stinking toilets, overflowing waste bins and leaking taps greeting visitors. That being the case, escalators and well furnished waiting rooms seem ostentatious.Take the waiting rooms for instance. There are two of them, one for women and the other for men. But they can accommodate merely 15 to 20 people at a time. The majority are forced to make themselves comfortable on suitcases, or simply stand, if they have enough stamina.\"The Ludhiana railway station receives huge footfall every day. In the absence of space to accommodate everyone in waiting rooms, a large number of people are forced to sit on the dirty platforms,\" Jaspreet Singh, a businessman and resident of Model Town rued.You would need physical and mental strength to endure the Ludhiana railway station, which means children, the sick and the elderly are in for a tough time. There are no escalators here, so climbing numerous flights of stairs is the only way to reach platforms, even if you have to lug your suitcases.\"While things have changed around the world, the railway station in our city remains in the same shabby state. One has to climb a number of stairs to reach platforms and doing so at my age is difficult,\" Maninder Kaur, a 60-year-old resident of B R S Nagar said. To make matters worse, construction of the foot overbridge that was meant to connect platforms from the front and rear of the railway station has also been stopped midway. \"There has hardly been any meaningful change in the infrastructure of the railway station. News of a foot overbridge had brought hope to hundreds of residents but that too has been dashed,\" rued Nittin Khanna of Dugri.Meanwhile, work of rag picking and washing of tracks seems to have completely slipped authorities' minds. The tracks are so filthy that even looking at them can make one nauseous.The platforms are not as bad, but they cannot be called clean by any stretch of imagination. Sweeping and mopping here seems to be up to amateurs.The specially abled better not expect special facilities. They are forced to sit in a wheelchair and be transported from one platform to the other from above rail lines. A sub way may be mandatory for them but there is none here.Last but not the least, tough passengers are always welcome, because there is no security to take care of those of a more sensitive constitution. \"The metal detectors police personnel have are very old and mostly out of order. Anyway, they are rarely seen checking anyone at the gate,\" a resident said.The railway station is generally the first impression of the city for a visitor. Ludhiana may have grown by leaps and bounds, but at the railway station, time seems to have stood still.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17093926", "title": "Allahabad Municipal Corporation removes encroachments during drive", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A demolition drive was conducted by the Allahabad Municipal Corporation on Sunday in which encroachments on roads and footpaths were removed. Locals opposed the demolition drive on Drummond Road as one of the walls collapsed while the bulldozer was pulling of the tin shades.The drive started from Nawab Yusuf Road and continued up to Pani ki Tanki, from where it turned towards Allahabad High Court and later passed through Nyaya Marg, Akashwani Bhawan, Circuit House, Ashok Nagar. It later turned towards Muir Road and removed encroachments made on the Drummond Road.As the squad was removing the tin-shades protruding from the shops, one of the walls supporting the shop collapsed. Enraged locals shouted slogans against the AMC officers. Police rushed to the spot and tried to pacify the agitating people.In the whole demolition drive, about seven small kiosks were razed to the ground and several wooden carts were seized. About 14 ramps constructed encroaching the drain in front of the shop were also demolished. Several tin-shades were also pulled down. About three trucks filled with the seized materials returned to the office of AMC. The demolition drive would also be constructed on Monday from CMP Degree College up to Harsh Vardhan crossing. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "17093994", "title": "Maoist surrenders, US-made weapons seized after encounter", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A Maoist surrendered and a US-made gun was seized after an encounter broke out between security forces and the rebels at Sirinya village under Harihurganj police station along the Bihar-Jharkhand border, police said. They also recovered six weapons from the spot.CRPF and district police had surrounded the area since 2 am last night following a tip-off that about 25 rebels, including three self-styled sub-zonal commanders had assembled near the Sirinya village.\"During the encounter which lasted 30 minutes, police CRPF combine fired fifty-two rounds. The surrendered Maoist was identified as Raj Kumar (35) of Japla village in Palamu. This is the first incident of a combatant Maoist with arms surrendering before police,\" SP Palamu A T Mathew and CRPF commandant Anil Minz told reporters here.The two gave an impression that security forces never bump off any Maoist if there is a scope to catch him alive. \"If some one surrenders, we respect that and never try to play foul or violate human rights,\" said Minz. They also said that the Maoists fired indiscriminately. The self-styled sub-zonal commanders were identified as Raman, Vishal and Kaleeka. They fled from the spot.An American gun, carbine, a 303 bore rifle, a pistol and two 315 bore guns with 250 live cartridges, cell phones and other objects were recovered after the encounter, police said. \"The Koyal Sone zone Maoists are very active in Pandu and Harihurganj but with this they have suffered a huge setback,\" said Mathew.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "sivakasi", "code": "17094295", "title": "Season arrives but the festive spirit is missing in Sivakasi", "text": "SIVAKASI: Diwali is just a week away, but the usual spirit of celebration is missing in Sivakasi, the fireworks hub in Virudhunagar district. Production is down and the market is sluggish, say traders. Moreover, the town is yet to recover from the horrors of a major accident on September 5 in Mudalipatti, on the outskirts of the town, which claimed 40 lives.\"The market is sluggish this time after two years of boom. Mudalipatti seems to have had an impact on an already sluggish market,\" says V Ragavan of Nayagi Fireworks. \"After the incident, production was heavily hit in many units. Also, as demand came down, production also dropped. There is no regular demand for fireworks unlike in the last two years,\" he said.\"No new introductions or types of fireworks for this year,\" announces S Ganesan, manager, Standard Fireworks. There was not much production this year and supply to retailers was not sufficient after the accident, he said.The mood in the industry has been downcast ever since the accident. The administration woke up, of course late, after the tragedy and cracked down on errant units. Following raids, licences of numerous units were cancelled. The action came even as production for the season was about to pick up. The economic downturn too hasn't helped with fewer orders coming this season.The power crisis in the state too has affected production and sales. Industrial units in the region have cut down production, resulting in loss of jobs.\"We have retained our usual customers but have not added new ones as the general trend is very sluggish,\" says V Gnanasekar of Nayagi Fireworks Showroom. \"After the accident, two months of production were lost as officials strictly enforced regulations and nearly 150 units were forced to close down. Production fell by 30% to 40% in other units. Soon after the raids and inspections, it rained heavily for 10 days affecting production further,\" said A M S G Ashokan of We Two brand. \"We could complete wholesale orders but retail orders have taken a toll,\" he added. \"Even bigger units were hit after the Mudalipatti incident. There is a fear psychosis among workers. The last two months before Diwali is crucial for production, but it was lost,\" said M D Mariappan, manager of Sri Kaleeswari Fireworks, Naranapuram unit.\"The power crisis has affected money flow and fireworks are not priority in the list of Diwali shopping,\" says S Ganesan, manager, Standard Fireworks.At this time of the year, shops stocking fireworks sprout along the streets of Sivakasi and customers come from faraway places to shop. There are fewer shops and the crowd is missing this season. Of course, die-hard shoppers are here, as always. \"The prices are relatively cheaper in Sivakasi. So along with our neighbours, we used to shop for fireworks in Sivakasi,\" says C P Prabakaran, who has come to Sivakasi from Coimbatore for the consecutive fifth year for purchasing fireworks.Meanwhile, in Mudalipatti, fireworks units have reopened to meet Diwali orders. \"Many think fireworks are manufactured risking the lives of workers, especially after such an accident. But nearly 6 lakh people make a living from this industry. So the right approach will be to make this industry accident-free rather than abolish it,\" a fireworks manufacturer told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "katihar", "code": "17093178", "title": "Medicos will have to work in rural areas: Choubey", "text": "KATIHAR: Bihar health minister Ashwini Kumar Choubey said here on Saturday that the proposal for opening three more medical colleges was under the active consideration of the state government. Choubey, speaking at the 26th state level conference of the skin diseases specialists on the Katihar Medical College (KMC) campus, disclosed that no less than 8,000 doctors were needed for providing better healthcare to the people. Keeping in mind the inadequate strength of doctors in proportion to the state's population, the government was also contemplating to increase the number of seats in the existing medical colleges in the state, Choubey said.Prominent among those present included Katihar BJP MP Nikhil Kumar Chowdhury, MLA Tar Kishore Prasad, KMC chairman Ashfaq Karim, noted specialist Satish Sawant (Maharashtra) and Ratan Sharma.The minister also gave sufficient indication that the age of superannuation of doctors could also be raised to 70. A decision to this effect could be taken after consultation with CM Nitish Kumar and Deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi in the near future. He said that it would be made mandatory for doctors to work in the rural sector after they clear MBBS and PG examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17094038", "title": "Jonathan Fenby lauds China's efforts in dealing with poverty", "text": "PANAJI: China has brought more people out of poverty than any other country in the history of humanity.Jonathan Fenby, managing director of the China team at Trusted Sources, an independent provider of research and consulting on emerging markets for institutional investors, corporations and governments was speaking at a session titled 'What change in China means for the world' at an ideas conclave in Bambolim.Fenby said much of this was possible as \"China has been effectively able to direct resources at (tackling) poverty,\" unlike other developing countries.He felt that China will soon face many problems such as declining growth, an aging population and a growing middle class which is expressing itself in a much stronger way than ever before through social communication media. He said often corrupt officials were targeted by the middle class through the internet.Fenby explained that China was attempting to increase domestic consumption of goods it produces since the global consumption has declined as a result of the economic slowdown.While wages makes up only 37% of the national income in China compared to 65% in the US, China was attempting to push up wages since it wanted to increase consumption.He felt that China witnesses 1.5 lakh protests (according to official figures) each year as the country's judicial system was weak.Judges in China swear an oath to the communist party instead of the country or judicial system and since there is little point in going to court, people prefer to go on the streets.Farming has been China's Achilles heel as the nation's agriculture model was inefficient and backward. He explained that in China, the state owns the land and leases it in small holdings to farmers. The state can take back the land at anytime, he added.Stating that \"China has no foreign policy\", Fenby said that China only cared for protecting rulers of countries (including African dictators) who guarantee it supply to raw materials and ensure that there was no interference in the internal affairs of the country especially Tibet .Chinese middle class was morphing into a materialistic society the new China was \"not (about) Marxism, not Confucianism, but materialism.\"Fenby said China will soon concentrate on developing its service sector which had not been given much attention so far. He felt that while China had some good environmental laws, many of its cities were polluted as the implementation of the laws was bad.State governments have a stake in many of the industries and hence do not act against them, he said. The industries do not switch to environmentally-friendly technology as it was too expensive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17096963", "title": "Kenyan PM meets Modi to strengthen economic, industrial and educational ties", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Prime minister of Kenya Raila Amolo Odinga met Gujarat Chief Minister Narendra Modi in Gandhinagar recently and expressed willingness to strengthen economic, industrial and educational ties between Gujarat and Kenya.The Kenyan Prime Minster came to Gandhinagar from Mumbai and was accompanied by his special advisor Ahmed Kassam and other industrialist from Mombasa. Modi recalled his visit to Kenya in 2008 and the participation of the Kenyan delegation led by their Prime Minister in the 2009 Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors Summit and how these landmark events set the tone for a strong relation between Gujarat and Kenya.The Chief Minister invited Kenya to participate in the 2013 Vibrant Gujarat Global Investors Summit. The Chief Minister shared an overview of the innovative Dholera SIR and GIFT city projects of the Gujarat Government. Kenya will be electing a new president in March 2013 and Odinga is one of the candidates running for the presidency. Odinga lauded the development in Gujarat and expressed interest in exploring partnerships especially in gas, petroleum, solar and wind energy, diamonds and agro processing and fertilizers sectors.Other aspects that were discussed include increasing skill development among the youth, LNG Terminal and power energy industry. The Kenyan Prime Minister said that through IT network Kenya could initiate a Telemedicine Superspeciality Project with Gujarat and the way Gujarat has been using specialized universities to enhance human resource development by joining hands with universities from all over the world, Kenya and Gujarat could strengthen cooperation in the education sector.The two leaders also discussed enhancing ties in the field of cotton production and textile garment manufacturing and setting up of a Centre of Excellence for Cotton Research and Textile. Those present during the interaction included principal secretary (industry) Maheshwar Sahu, additional chief secretary K Kailashnathan, additional principal secretary GC Murmu, secretary to Chief Minister AK Sharma among other officials.(EOM) -- Ajit Bezbaruah", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "17094269", "title": "Garhwa administration banks on development works to check Maoists", "text": "GARHWA: The district administration, in a bid to tackle growing Maoist action in the backward areas, is looking at all-round development of the Bhandaria block.It has already sent a Rs 100-crore action plan for the region to the Centre for approval, according to deputy commissioner (DC) RP Sinha.\"A proposal for Bhandaria action plan worth Rs 100 crore has been sent to the central government for approval.The detailed project report (DPR) of the action plan has been prepared concentrating on all-round development of the 25 most backward villages in the block,\" said Sinha.A Rs 6.67-crore project has already been sanctioned by the Centre under the integrated action plan (IAP) for Bhandaria.Three health centres, with investment of Rs 75 lakh, and 20 PCC roads, including one from Bhandaria to Maoist-hit Garu in Latehar district, will be constructed under the project. tnnEarlier, government officials and security personnel had to walk the entire distance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17095011", "title": "Regional parties aspire to be kingmakers this polls", "text": "BANGALORE: Be a kingmaker rather than king. Get a modest number of MLAs elected and draw the rules of the game.This is what former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa and Independent MLA B Sriramulu of BSR (Congress) Party are banking on. The next assembly polls will throw up for voters a choice of regional parties, other than conventional national parties. Until the last elections in 2008, regional parties were confined to the JD(S) or BSP, but not any more.The floating of a new party cannot be viewed as a simple break-up with the parent organization. It is in fact fraught with political overtones. Yeddyurappa's move to launch his Karnataka Janata Party in December is not just to settle scores with the BJP for purportedly treating him shabbily, but also to get even with his political foes, including former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda's family. His objective appears to suit the Congress too.Congress and BJP insiders alike believe that Yeddyurappa's confidence in his new outfit stems from his certainty of a post-election role. For public consumption he may claim he's staging a comeback, but the ground reality is he cannot be a negotiator without a dozen MLAs in his fold.The Congress, which has been in the woods all these years, is suddenly smelling power. It is aware that even if it doesn't get a majority, it could certainly emerge as the single largest party. \"The Congress will not be averse to forming the government with these new parties,\" sources said.Congress insiders maintain that Yeddyurappa's praise for AICC president Sonia Gandhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that she keeps promises made to her party members and stands by them in times of difficulty \u00e2\u20ac\u201d was no off-the-cuff statement but part of a well-thought-out political strategy. \"With Yeddyurappa facing corruption charges, a direct entry into the Congress may be impossible , so the party is looking at regional outfits other than the JD(S) in the numbers game,'' they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094443", "title": "Sleepless behind wheel, Tamil Nadu tops in fatal accidents", "text": "CHENNAI: Govinda, a government bus driver, manages to smile despite the fatigue apparent on his face. He had just completed an eight-hour drive from Trichy to Chennai. \"We started at 1.15am and reached Chennai at 9am. We'll leave again by noon,\" he said, getting ready for another eight-hour journey on the highways.Govinda is perhaps one of the lucky ones. Drivers on other routes cover 900km at a stretch, spending 25 hours behind the wheel, risking their lives and those of their passengers. While the Motor Vehicles Act specifies that a driver should not drive more than 500km or eight hours a day, drivers in Tamil Nadu routinely drive up to 25 hours at a stretch with just a couple of hours' break.With close to 20,000 buses transporting close to two crore people everyday, the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation kills the most number of people in the country. According to the National Crime Records Bureau, 1,317 people died in bus accidents in 2011. The second highest state comes a distant second at 704 deaths.A senior police officer said many of the recent accidents on highways were due to fatigue of the drivers who sometime fall asleep behind the wheel.The reason behind the abysmal track record could be the number of hours drivers put in. Most drivers work only for three days a week but being on the road for such long hours at a stretch puts passenger safety at risk. For instance, a driver on the Chennai-Puducherry route works 18 hours a day, covering 660km. \"We start at 8.15am from Puducherry and by the time we go back, it is 2am,\" said Krishna. These drivers work for three days a week. Similarly, drivers on the Chennai-Thiruvannamalai route are behind the wheel for 21 hours continuously. \"During festive times and rain, it can go up to 25 hours. Though the frequency on the route is one bus every 10 minutes, we are not able to meet the demand,\" said Gopal, a driver with 20 years' experience.Senior officials in the transport department say that the problem is due to the acute shortage of drivers. The state transport corporation is facing a shortage of close to 75,000 drivers. About 1.24 lakh drivers are required for the 20,000 buses it has. However, there are about 48,000 drivers. \"The ratio is 2.6 drivers per bus,\" said an official. \"We are in the process of recruiting more drivers. \"We have notified 14,000 vacancies which will be filled up soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17095711", "title": "Four who duped jewellers of 7.4 kg gold held", "text": "PUNE: The Pune crime branch on Saturday arrested a four-member gang, including a woman, who had duped four city jewellers of 7.4 kg gold worth Rs 2.25 crore.The police identified three of the suspects as Sahil Mangalbhai Morzaria (27), Kisan Nagdas Gokani (37) and Zarine Ahmed Memon (27). All four suspects hail from Gujarat but have been living in Mumbai. The crime branch team led by inspector Sunil Pawar made the arrests.The gang, in a planned operation, had switched gold bars brought by the jewellers with iron bars in Sangvi in June this year.In March, the four had rented a rowhouse in Gokul Dham at Vishalnagar in Sangvi, from where they claimed to be running an office for a company which they had named as Future Vision Investments. Morzaria would identify himself as Viral Shah and claimed to be the director of the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17094321", "title": "Chennai: Fireman dies in balcony collapse", "text": "CHENNAI: A 40-year-old employee of Tamil Nadu Fire and Rescue Services died after a concrete slab from a balcony in his house, which was being constructed in B V Colony, fell on him on Saturday morning.Babu was a driver at Basin Bridge fire station. Police said he lived in B V Colony and was getting the first floor of his house built. On Saturday morning, he was helping the mason remove the scaffolding when the incident took place.The mason fell from the scaffolding and broke his leg. When the scaffolding collapsed, the slab from the balcony fell on Babu's head. He was seriously injured and lost consciousness. His wife Vijayalakshmi and neighbours took him to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.Police said the cement around the slab had probably not dried due to the rains, and Babu and the mason failed to notice this. \"Babu sustained severe head injuries and there was huge blood loss,\" said an investigating officer. MKB Nagar police have registered a case and are investigating.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17095434", "title": "Sukhbir's Pak visit to boost trade ties", "text": "CHANDIGARH: For a state that has earned itself a sobriquet - grain bowl of India with 70% of country's wheat and where tractors make a colourful beeline in the lush green farms, a four-day visit by Punjab deputy CM Sukhbir Badal to Pakistan starting Monday may soon see a direct export of farm produce like cheese and automobiles worth Rs 400 crores to India's arch rival.A resurgent eight-month-old Akali Dal government's Badal -- known for his flamboyance and aggressive industrial policies -- is visiting Pakistan through the Attari border in Amritsar.\"India begins at Punjab. My visit to Pakistan means new commerce for both side of the border. On our side, we will have access to a huge market looking for our local makers of tractors, bicycles and even farm produce like vegetables,\" Badal Jr told TOI on the eve of his first visit to Pakistan.According to the top sources, Badal Jr will be accompanied by a 45-member delegation that includes 14 top industrialists from Ludhiana, Amritsar and Ropar along with members from Punjab, Haryana, Delhi Chamber of commerce (PHD).Many of the leading business houses, including Ludhiana-based SEL Group and Amritsar-based Khanna Paper Mills led by Suneet Kochar, are already exporting to Pakistan.\"We have already begun exporting yarn to Pakistan three months ago. However, Punjab has its own limitations as its a landlocked state. This visit will usher in a new tie with the neighbouring country,\" Neeraj Saluja, MD, SEL, told TOI over the phone.At present, the bilateral trade between India and Pakistan stands at about Rs 18,000 crore.On March 23 this year, Pakistan had increased its 'Positive List' comprising 1,974 items that could be exported by India. The neighbouring country, however, also produced a fresh 'Negative List' of 1,209 products.\"Items like tractors and auto parts are included in the 'Negative List',\" said Sanjiv Bawa, executive director, Punjab small industries export corporation (PSIEC) - the state agency which is facilitating the industrialists' visit with Sukhbir.After a recent September visit to Pakistan, Punjab's chief secretary Rakesh Singh , however, had indicated that there was a consensus to dismantle the 'Negative List' by December 2012.At present, India and Pakistan allow trade of only 137 items through the land route including Attari border in Amritsar.In March this year, India has set up a Rs 150 crore state-of-the-art integrated check post (ICP) to handle greater passenger and cargo traffic on its side at Attari.Fresh from a Confederation of Industry (CII) meet that took place in Gurgaon on Saturday, the 50-year-old Sanawar school educated MLA from Jalalabad said that the Attari-Wagah border for trade was a \"game-changer\".On Saturday, Badal Jr, at the CII's 'Invest North' convention, had also demanded a \"full port\" status for the Attari border and sought approval from ministry of external affairs (MEA) for allowing import of 6,000 items.These items are currently being traded between the sea ports at Mumbai and Karachi.Despite his government's landslide triumph in the state polls, Sukbir and Punjab CM Parkash Badal have been trying to find ways to reduce the state's revenue deficit that has gone up to an embarassing all-time high of Rs 6,000 crore.Besides, the state's plunging growth rate has been hovering at an abysmally low 5.6 per cent.\"Punjab is waiting for the day when it would be allowed to export its agriculture produce, including wheat and paddy, directly to Pakistan and central Asian countries, including Iran , through road route,\" said the deputy CM.India, which had bestowed a MFN status on Pakistan in 1996, has had strained relations with its neighbour since the 26/11 attack in Mumbai.Both countries have been looking for enhanced bilateral trade relations.The central banks of both the countries are working out modalities for opening of bank branches in each other's countries, he added.Besides this, Badal Jr has also sought the Union home minister Sushil Kumar Shinde's intervention for opening of consulates in Amritsar and Lahore respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17093506", "title": "Nagpur University defers all engineering, architecture, PG exams by a month", "text": "NAGPUR: In an unprecedented move, Nagpur University has postponed all engineering and architecture examinations, which were beginning from Monday. The decision came after NU faced intense criticism from Senate members over late declaration of revaluation results. Over 60,000 students will be affected by this move as exams of all semesters of BE, BTech, BArch and all postgraduate courses have been deferred by at least a month.Hundreds of students affected by the delayed revaluation results had gathered at NU's administrative block for the second straight day on Sunday, hoping for this decision, which will save them a precious academic year. Some Senate members, including Mohan Bajpayee, Abhijit Wanjari and others cut across party lines to support them, adding to the pressure on NU administration.TOI had on November 1 reported how thousands of NU students were suffering due to late declaration of revaluation results, which have been delayed four months.Controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke said the decision was taken by VC Vilas Sapkal in the larger interests of students. \"Since students who clear their papers in revaluation cannot appear in exams beginning on Monday as per the rules, we have deferred all engineering exams by a month at least. The notification will be shortly uploaded on the website and all centres will be informed by Monday,\" he said.He added that NU will hold an emergency meeting of the academic council on November 6, followed by one of the management council on November 7, to quickly decide on this issue, so students don't suffer.Ramteke said colleges will be asked to admit students who pass in revaluation and complete their mandatory 90-day course within a month by taking extra classes. \"The principals have to give a certificate in this regard and only after that students will be allowed to appear in the exams. They will also have to conduct their term and practical exams,\" the CoE said.Another exam section official added that new exam dates will be announced after the academic council meets in this regard. \"Even the fate of those come under 'jumping' category will be decided in the same meeting, though after taking a legal opinion,\" he said.When the senate resumed its meeting on Sunday, Bajpayee again raised the issue of revaluation, after which VC constituted a panel under pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie to find a solution within the law. The panel included BCUD director Arvind Chaudhary, RG Bhoyar, Bajpayee and Wanjari. However, even they failed to find a solution, after which VC deferred the exam, saying it was hard to allow such students to appear in the exams in such a short time.Officials said that it was only after pressure was exerted by Senate members that NU took a decision in the interest of students. Even MLA Devendra Fadnavis had slammed NU officials for being \"non-serious\" about student grievances, which helped pressurize NU to act fast.NU panels to approve exam centresReplying to a query by Gurudas Kamdi on BCCA paper leak, first exposed by TOI, and Pramod Yeole on various scams and leaks rocking the university in recent past, VC Vilas Sapkal said they may form a committee to check facilities and infrastructure at exam centres. He informed that major changes were planned in the way exams are held, and centres will be allotted only after a panel recommends it. Over 200 centres will be checked, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17093640", "title": "Other erring firms may approach PCL to get pending dues", "text": "While the Agra-based Laxmi transformers have been paid around Rs 90.5 lakh, PME has managed to recover Rs 94.4 lakh. Likewise, the Roorkee-based United Electrical has been granted a sum of over Rs 60 lakh by the UPPCL. These three companies supplied over 350 transformers of 63/100 KVA capacity during the previous BSP regime for which bills were raised on different dates between January 14 and March 31.Former chairman Avanish Awasthi had then issued a letter (dated July 16) to all distribution companies asking them to prohibit all such companies from taking bids in the supply of transformers under the accelerated power development reform project. At the same time, the quality control committee of the UP electricity regulatory commission (UPERC) too asked the UPPCL not to revoke the blacklisting of the companies.When contacted, principal secretary (energy) and chairman UPPCL, Anil Kumar Gupta refused to comment saying he was in a meeting. UPPCL managing director A P Mishra could not be approached for comment either.UPPCL sources did not rule out possibility of other erring companies approaching the UPPCL to get their dues cleared soon given the fact that three have been cleared.Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had gone on record, first in July and then in August, saying there were irregularities in purchase of transformers during the BSP regime.\"In place of good quality transformers, those of poor quality were purchased by the previous BSP government. In Gorakhpur, 700 transformers got damaged in three months,\" Yadav had said. \"Action has been taken against officials and firms responsible for supply of poor quality transformers and more action will follow,\" he had said in July.The stern warning from the CM was, however, followed by dramatic developments. First UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi, who proposed proceeding to blacklist the companies was transferred. Next, the UPPCL top brass decided to constitute a committee to inquire into the issue from scratch. The corporation also wanted a member from UPERC, which, however, refused to be a part of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17093155", "title": "Kasab being treated for fever in jail", "text": "MUMBAI: Pakistani gunman Ajmal Kasab has been down with fever for the last four days. Officials at the Arthur Road jail, where he is currently lodged, confirmed his health condition and also that he will be treated on the jail premises.A team of doctors from the JJ Hospital, who regularly visit the jail and treat prisoners, have also been advising the doctors attached to the jail on Kasab's treatment. Doctors initially thought his fever could be a symptom of dengue or malaria but investigations have ruled that out. Dean of JJ Hospital DrTP Lahane said tests for malaria and dengue were done. \"On a precautionary basis, doctors had also started him on anti-malarial treatment,\" he said.Superintendent of Arthur Road jail Satish Karnik said, \"Kasab is suffering from fever for the last four days. Doctors have carried out three tests on him, including the ones for dengue. But the results have come negative.\" He added that the doctors are conducting some more tests. He confirmed that his treatment will be carried out in the jail only. Kasab has been kept in an isolated cell since he was taken to the Arthur Road jail in December 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17098680", "title": "Selvaraghavan-Yuvan to unite for Simbu", "text": "Seems like Selvaraghavan and Yuvan Shankar Raja would soon unite for a movie starring Simbu. Due to some difference of opinion Yuvan and Selvaa had parted ways three years back.Simbu will work with Selvaraghavan, actor Dhanush's brother, on a project soon which also likely marks the return of Yuvan Shankar Raja-Selva combination.Selvaraghavan and Simbu are believed to have met recently to discuss the proposal, and they are really excited to have Yuvan on board. Selvaraghavan and Yuvan seem to have buried their differences and agreed to work together.Yuvan has composed some of his best tunes for Selva in films like Kadhal Kondein and 7G Rainbow Colony . Selvaa's last couple of films in Aayirathil Oruvan and Mayakkam Enna , which had music by G.V. Prakash Kumar and this film could mark the return of the successful combo.Selvaraghavan, who is busy now with Irandaam Ulagam starring Arya and Anushka, is working on a love story for Simbu's project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17093343", "title": "A record passion with 786", "text": "INDORE: Keeping alive his passion for collecting items having the unique and lucky number '786' for more than nine years, Ranchhod Sethia, a 53-year-old-man and a resident of Mahalakshmi Nagar area, attempted a world record on Saturday. Sethia has registered his claim of having the largest collection of items having the number 786 inked on them.He has a collection of currency notes, demand drafts, keys and a bike having 786 inscribed on them. Sethia has a total amount of Rs 7860 in currency notes from Rs 1 to Rs 1,000, 22 demand drafts of Rs 786 value and having the 786 number. All the DDs' were made from SBI branch having code 786. He has a bike number of 7861, bank locker number 786 and four mobile numbers having 786.Manish Vishnoi of Miracle of One said Sethia had already applied and claimed having maximum number of such items. Now, they will be sending documents for approval. The city and its people are attempting for world records for 11 days starting from November 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17093196", "title": "Mercury dips to 7.4 in Mount Abu", "text": "JAIPUR: The mercury continued to take a sharp dip in the state with Mount Abu in the hills and Udaipur in the plains remaining the coldest places. While Mount Abu recorded a minimum temperature of 7.4 degrees, Udaipur recorded 11.2 degrees.The early morning smog also affected the visibility on highways upto 300 meters. According to the officials of Jaipur Met office, the early morning smog consisted of heavy dust and it occurred mainly due to the continued presence of the upper air cyclonic circulation.Jaipurities woke up to a chilly morning as the city witnessed a minimum temperature of 14.9 degrees celsius, which was almost one degree below the normal maximum temperature.Met office said that the mercury will further plummet across the state including Jaipur in the next couple of days. In the next week, minimum temperature would come down to 10 degrees Celsius at many places including Churu, Sriganganagar, Bikaner and Barmer.Mount Abu and Udaipur were followed by Chittorgarh which recorded a minimum temperature of 12 degrees Celsius, Churu 12.5, Sriganganagar 13.5, Kota 14, Pilani and Bikaner 14.5 each, Jodhpur 15.4, Barmer 16.4 and Jaisalmer 18.4 degrees celsius.Even in Jaipur the minimum temperature will go as low as 12 degrees Celsius later this week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17095350", "title": "Athani likely to get agriculture college", "text": "BELGAUM: Chief minister Jagadish Shettar inaugurated the Halyal, Karimasuti and Savalgi Tungala lift irrigation schemes under the Hipparagi Irrigation project at Kategere village of Athani taluk here on Sunday.Shettar claimed that the BJP government had managed to change the face of Athani taluk which was considered to be the most backward taluk. \"When I was the revenue minister, nearly 25 gram panchayats passed a resolution seeking to be merged with Maharashtra. Now, looking at the development here,GPs in Maharashtra were asking its government to merge them with Karnataka,\" he claimed.He also assured MLA Lakshman Savadi that once agriculture minister sends a proposal for the agriculture college in Athani, it will be sanctioned in the next Cabinet meeting.The Hipparagi project will utilize 12.10 tmcft of water and irrigate nearly 75,000 hectares of land in drought-prone taluks of Athani and Chikkodi in Belgaum and Jamkhandi taluk in Bagalkot. The project, taken up in 1973, will benefit 56 villages in the three taluks and cost the government Rs 1,300 crore. The project is expected to reduce the migration of farmers to Maharashtra and other states as there will be enough water for taking up agricultural activities through the year.The major beneficiary of the project will be Athani, where 61,497 hectares of land will be irrigated. In Jamkhandi, where the barrage has been constructed, 9,045 hectares of land will be irrigated and in Chikkodi taluk, 4,200 hectares of land will be irrigated.'Savadi is innocent'Former CM B S Yeddyurappa defended MLA Lakshman Savadi saying he did not do any wrong and it was unfortunate that he had to step down as minister.Krishna's return won't affect BJP: ShettarHUBLI: Return of Congress leader S M Krishna to state politics will not have any impact on the BJP in the state, according to chief minister Jagadish Shettar here on Sunday.He said Krishna's charisma will not affect the BJP now. \"TheCongress was defeated in the 2004 elections under the leadership of Krishna. So, his entry to the state politics will not at all affect BJP's poll prospects,'' he added. Asked whether the BJP's high command is willing to retain former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa in the party, Shettar said,\"We are making all efforts to retain Yeddyurappa in the BJP. Party top leaders are likely to hold discussions with him to convince him to drop his decision to quit the BJP and retain him in BJP in next few days,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17093947", "title": "No clarity yet on release of jailed Bhatta farmers", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: Two days after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav ordered withdrawal of all criminal cases against jailed farmers of Bhatta and Parsaul, residents of the twin villages said they feel vindicated. The villagers have begun celebrations and suspended all agitation. They are trying to schedule a meeting with the district magistrate on Monday for \"clarity\" over the release of the farmers who have been in jail since May last year following a violent clash between the farmers and the administration.The administration and the police, however, are yet to receive a formal notification from the state and senior government officials said that the release of the jailed farmers will take a few days. The release can be secured only after the \"state's prosecutor completes the formality of moving an application before the court concerned to withdraw the cases.\"\"The UP government has kept its promise and ordered withdrawal of cases against villagers. We are really grateful to the chief minister. This decision has finally washed off the stain and accusations against us of being violent, unlawful criminals,\" said Ram Chandra Jain, a farmer leader.\"Innocent farmers have been languishing in the jail for over a year now and we were afraid that the state government would go back on its words. We had sent repeated reminders to the administration and the state in the past 18 months and hundreds of villagers, including women and senior citizens, had been agitating and staging a dharna through the last one month to secure the release of the jailed farmers. Finally all our efforts have paid off,\" said Nutan , wife of jailed farmer leader Manveer Tewatia. \"The administration or police are yet to get in touch with us and we hope to get some more clarity by Monday on how soon can the release of the jailed farmers be secured,\" she said.At least nine farmers, including Manvir Tewatia, who allegedly spearheaded the May 6, 2011 protest, are in jail since May last year. While securing the release of jailed farmers was one of the promises made by the Samajwadi Party to the villagers before the state elections, Akhilesh Yadav had reiterated in front of a delegation of farmers that criminal cases lodged against their relatives would be withdrawn soon.However, alleging inaction on part of the state authorities, earlier last month, 100-odd villagers, mostly women and senior citizens, had staged a dharna demanding immediate release of the jailed farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "17095603", "title": "Assam to pay solemn tribute to Bhupen Hazarika", "text": "GUWAHATI: The first death anniversary of legendary singer Bhupen Hazarika on Monday will be marked by the lighting of 10,000 earthen lamps at his cremation site on the Gauhati University premises amid chanting of religious hymns throughout the day.Manisha Hazarika, the late singer's sister-in-law, said members of the Bhupen Hazarika Cultural Trust (BHCT) and other socio-cultural cultural organizations would visit the cremation site in the morning to pay floral tributes to Hazarika. However, unlike his 86th birth anniversary that was celebrated in a grand way in September, the balladeer's first death anniversary would be observed in a solemn manner.\"It is very painful to even think that it has been one year since we lost Bhupenda. So, we have decided not to organize any musical programme at the site where Bhupenda was cremated,\" she said.However, students of Dr Bhupen Hazarika Sangeet Vidyalaya, a music school based in the lower Assam town of Nalbari, along with several other singers, will sing some of Hazarika's songs on the occasion.The Gauhati University Hazarika Memorial Committee is gearing up to receive people from various parts of the state who are expected to throng the legendary singer's cremation site on Monday. \"A huge turnout of people is expected. Hence, we will ensure that the music doyen's fans, who will come to pay tribute to him from across the state, do not face any difficulties and are provided drinking water on the premises,\" said Abani Bhagawati, chairman of the committee.Besides, the students and teachers of Gauhati University will offer their own tribute to Hazarika, who also served as a teacher at Gauhati University. The state cultural affairs department will organize a cultural programme at Rabindra Bhawan in the city dedicated to the singer on Monday.Employees of the state Public Works Department were seen giving finishing touches to beautification work at Hazarika's cremation site on Sunday. \"We have completed installing electric lights. The PWD has also completed fencing of the area where the icon was cremated,\" said a PWD official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-05"}
