{"city": "san francisco", "code": "13061556", "title": "Apple wins case against 'Chinese iPad maker'", "text": "SAN FRANCISCO: Apple won dismissal of Proview Electronics's California lawsuit seeking to block it from using the iPad name, according to a copy of the court order obtained by Bloomberg News .Proview, based in Taiwan , has sought to block shipments of Apple's iPad tablet computer in and out of China. In the California case, filed in state court in San Jose , Proview claimed a December 2009 agreement to sell iPad trademarks to an Apple unit called IP Application Development should be canceled. The Apple unit made \"false\" statements to Proview in correspondence before the agreement, according to the filing.Apple successfully argued that the case should be dismissed because the agreement required that the dispute be resolved in Hong Kong.Apple \"provides evidence that plaintiff specifically requested the Hong Kong forum and is litigating there currently,\" Judge Mark H. Pierce wrote in his May 4 decision. Proview \"does not, in opposition, present evidence that demonstrates that enforcement of the forum selection clause is unreasonable or unfair,\" Pierce wrote.Jill Kopeikin, a lawyer representing Proview, didn't immediately return a call and e-mail seeking comment on the ruling.Worldwide rights Apple acquired Proview's worldwide rights to the iPad trademark in 10 countries, including China, the Cupertino , California-based company said February 14.Proview claimed Graham Robinson, an agent for IP Application, used the name Jonathan Hargreaves in correspondence with Proview before the December 23, 2009, agreement to acquire all of Proview's iPad-related trademarks for 35,000 British pounds ($55,267), according to court filings.The case is Proview Electronics vs Apple, 12- cv-219219, California Superior Court, Santa Clara County (San Jose).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13060653", "title": "HC rap for Himachal Pradesh on road repair", "text": "SHIMLA: The Himachal Pradesh high court on Tuesday directed the state government to submit its report regarding efforts made by it for arranging funds from the Centre to improve the dilapidated condition of roads before May 31 this year.The division bench comprising Chief Justice Kurian Joseph and Justice Dharam Chand Chaudhary passed the order while hearing a petition filed by one Devinder Chauhan regarding slow progress in construction of roads and bridges in the state by the government. The court has also directed the government to submit its progress report on construction of Theog-Kotkhai and Jubbal-Rohru roads.The petitioner has alleged in the petition that the construction work of above mentioned road is going on at a snail's pace. On the other hand, the company assured the court that the work on the 31-km road will be completed by May 31, 2012, except for construction of ridges and drains.The advocates present in the court also brought it to the knowledge of the court that only the industries are getting benefit from the roads in state and heavy vehicle of the companies are causing damage to the road. And in return they don't contribute for the maintenance of the roads.The court further asked the principal secretary (PWD) and principal secretary (energy) whether is there any agreements between the state government and the construction company or contractors that the cost of the damage of road will be borne by the company? It has also directed to submit complete reports on the factual position of the Jerakpur-Kaurik road and also sought the report on Shimla-Theog road.The executive engineer, Shillai, was also directed to submit complete report regarding the road projects going under his supervision. The matter will come up for further hearing before the court on May 31, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13060334", "title": "Government appoints Gaurav Bhatia as additional advocate general", "text": "The state government has appointed national president of Samajwadi Party's legal wing Gaurav Bhatia as the additional advocate general to represent the state in the apex court. Bhatia, the son of former advocate general and Rajya Sabha MP, late Virendra Bhatia graduated from Bridgeport, USA and did his law graduation from Lucknow University. Presently he is assistant secretary of the Supreme Court Bar Association. He is advocate on record and Centre's counsel in the apex court. He successfully conducted recent high security number plates in the high court.Gupta ex-officio chairman of UPSIDC: Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta on Tuesday was appointed ex-officio chairman of UP State Industrial Development Corporation. The post was lying vacant ever since the Samajwadi Party shunted out the corporation's former boss, Navneet Sehgal, immediately after the government formation on March 15. With Gupta's appointment as chairman of UPSIDC, the state government has once again, reversed the original system where IIDCs were also appointed ex-officio heads of the development corporation. The system was, however, tampered with during the former BSP regime when Babu Singh Kushwaha took charge as UPSIDC chairman when senior IAS Anoop Mishra was the IIDC.Paushala held: The SBI Ladies Club, in association with the State Bank of India organised a large 'Paushala' on the occasion of Bada Mangal at Hanuman Setu. The 'Paushala' was inaugurated by K Ramachandran, chief general manager, SBI Lucknow Circle and Lalitha Ramachandran, president, SBI Ladies Club. On the occasion, Prasad, cold drinking water and Hanuman Chaalisaa etc were distributed among thousands of devotees. The 'Paushala' remained functional from the early hours of the day till night. Lalitha Ramachandran apprised that the activities of SBI Ladies Club revolved around socially relevant causes and upliftment and empowerment of all the sections of society, especially those from weaker sections.Aaganwadi workers to observe day-long strike: Aaganwadi workers and helpers will be meeting chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on the next Janata Darshan programme and will also observe a day-long strike in front of the Vidhan Bhawan on the same day in support of their long-pending demands. According to Uttar Pradesh Rajya Aaganwadi Karmachari Sangh leaders the main demands of aaganwadi workers and helpers are hike in wages, improvement in service conditions and regularisation of their services.Identify encroachment of wakf land: Minister for urban development and wakf Mohd Azam Khan has asked the concerning officers to identify encroachment and illegal occupation of wakf property. He said that wherever markets, malls etc are being constructed at wakf land in the state, the officers should immediately inform the concerning district magistrate/SSP about it and get FIR lodged against the person undertaking constructions over wakf land. He said that if the police do not register FIR, its information should be sent to the government without delay so that action can be taken against the guilty police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059541", "title": "MPs get more time to use funds", "text": "PATNA: Bihar MPs can now recommend development works under the MPLAD scheme anytime in the fiscal year instead of the earlier stipulation which required them to recommend work from their quota of funds preferably within the first 90 days of a fiscal year.At the state cabinet meeting here on Tuesday, the government adopted an amendment by the Centre's Ministry of Statistics and Programme Implementation in the guidelines for utilization of the MPLAD funds by removing the time limit for the MPs to recommend development works. Principal secretary, cabinet coordination, Ravikant said under the amendment, the recommended development works would have to be granted administrative approval within 75 days of recommendation from the MPs.In case of the works which are not found feasible for execution, the district planning officer would be required to inform the MP concerned, along with the reason of rejection, within 45 days, Ravikant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059376", "title": "LCV runs over boy chased by stray dog", "text": "MUMBAI: A 11-year-old boy being chased by a stray dog was mowed down by a speeding light commercial vehicle (LCV) in Goregaon (W) on Tuesday. The Goregaon police arrested the LCV driver for rash and negligent driving.The deceased, Akash Patil, a Std V student, wanted Chinese food for lunch. He took money from his mother and was on his way to the restaurant when a stray dog began chasing him.According to eyewitnesses, Akash panicked and ran onto the busy road and straight into the LCV carrying metal rods. He was crushed under the rear wheels of the vehicle.The boy was taken to Siddhart Hospital where doctors declared him dead on arrival. The body was later brought to the police station in the evening before being sent for post-mortem.Akash's father, who works at a pizza store, was informed about the accident around 3.30pm. The boy's mother worked as a maid. The couple also have a 14-year-old son.\"They say they have arrested the driver, but he will be let off after two days. But my son will not come back, no one can repay our loss,\" said Sandeep. By evening, a large number of people gathered at the police station in support of the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059230", "title": "AC buses on Buddhist circuit soon", "text": "PATNA: Bihar State Tourism Development Corporation (BSTDC) is all set to start luxury bus services on 10 routes covering the Buddhist circuit in Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and West Bengal.In the first phase, by the third week of May, air-conditioned Mercedes Benz coaches will start running on two routes - Patna to Kushinagar via Vaishali and Kesariya in route number one and in a round service from Patna to Patna via Raxaul, Motihari and Muzaffarpur.\"We have chosen Raxaul as this is at the Nepal border and will attract a large number of Buddhists coming here from Nepal,\" said Sunil Kumar 'Pintu', the tourism minister.Talking to TOI here, he said, \"We have already received permission from the transport department for these two buses running on route number one and two.\" He added, \"The project is in its final stage and we are working on the frequency of buses and fares.\"The corporation has already applied to the transport department seeking permission for plying two more buses in the next phase. While one of them would be a round service from Patna to Patna via Varanasi and Sarnath (route number 3), the other would ply from Patna to Jaigaon via Siliguri. These two buses would start plying by the month-end.In the third phase, which will take another two months, these luxury buses would cover the remaining six routes. These would connect places like Nalanda, Rajgir, Bodh Gaya, Vaishali, Muzaffarpur, Bettiah, Lauria, Nandan Nagar, Valmiki Nagar, Darbhanga, Madhubani, Sitamarhi, Begusarai (Kanwar Jheel), Jainagar, Kishanganj, Sasaram, Bhagalpur and Kolkata.These buses would be running under public-private partnership (PPP) mode. \"These buses have been outsourced to a Hyderabad-based company - Girish Infrastructure Private Limited - which had submitted the best bid in response to the tender floated by the corporation last month,\" said Naveen Kumar, deputy general manager, BSTDC.This company has signed a contract of two years with the corporation. Under this contract, the company will pay a rent of Rs 10,000 per month for each bus to the corporation. The contract can be extended to five years.To provide better hospitality to the tourists availing this service, the tourism department is also surveying the hygienic condition of hotels and restaurants on the above routes. It is planning to tie-up with them so as to provide cleaner washrooms, hygienic food and comfortable resting space to tourists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059330", "title": "Accused pumped iron to flex muscles in front of don", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster Vijay Palande's close associate, Dhananjay Shinde, had enrolled for a six-month bodybuilding course in a Pune gym before flying to Bangkok, to impress gangster Santosh Shetty, the police said on Tuesday.Shinde had worked as Shetty's bodyguard for a few months before returning to India in 2010.He earlier told the police that his father from Haryana and mother from Nashik were both dead. He said that he had worked in Allahabad for many years and about a person with whom he stayed there. He told the police that he came in contact with Palande in 2010.The police, unconvinced with Shinde's story, told their contacts in Uttar Pradesh to check out the facts. They learned that there was no such person and when they interrogated Shinde again, he broke down recently. Shinde's real name was Jagdish Shejwal and his family was from Buldhana district in Maharashtra. He was staying along with his father and brother in Borivli.He came in contact with Palande while working at Copper Chimney restaurant in Andheri in 1998. After a year, Shinde had killed Harish Mahale in Borivli, stabbing him 27 times under the influence of alcohol.Palande and Shinde met in jail again. Palande was arrested in the Anup Das murder case, and the latter in the Mahale murder case. Palande jumped parole in 2004, but a source stated that he took care of Shinde while he was in jail. Shinde, released on parole in 2010, contacted Palande and sent him to Bangkok to guard Shetty. During this time, Palande gave him his new identity of Dhananjay Shinde.Shinde stayed with Shetty for around six months in Bangkok. Provided a room next to Shetty's, he used to take care of his office work and move around with him. The gangster trained him in the gang's activities. A senior officer said Shinde was hardcore killer and had chopped aspiring film producer Karankumar Kakkar's body, after killing him along with Palande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13058787", "title": "Bengal govt to felicitate Sachin Tendulkar", "text": "KOLKATA: The West Bengal sports department will felicitate milestone man Sachin Tendulkar in a befitting manner ahead of Mumbai Indian's IPL match against Kolkata Knight Riders at Eden Gardens on May 12.State sports minister Madan Mitra said on Tuesday that he had got in touch with Tendulkar who readily accepted the request and wrote in a mail that he was looking forward to the occasion.\"It will be a great occasion and we plan to felicitate in a befitting way for his 100th international centuries milestone,\" Mitra said.\"I'm looking forward to the occasion. I will be honoured to be felicitated at the iconic Eden Gardens by the chief minister (Mamata Banerjee),\" Mitra quoted Sachin as stating in an e-mail.Mitra on Tuesday met CAB chief Jagmohan Dalmiya to chalk out the nitty-gritties.Mamata had earlier taken time off her busy schedule to be the chief guest in India's win over the West Indies in November last year and was seen sharing a great camaraderie with the batting maestro.The state chief minister had earlier suggested Tendulkar's name for the highest civilian award -- Bharat Ratna -- after he notched the 100th century milestone against Bangladesh in the Asia Cup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059036", "title": "Cops detain 3 in connection with 17Lakh loot case", "text": "RANCHI: Police on Tuesday detained three persons in connection with the loot of Rs 17 lakh from a businessman, Nirmal Kumar Garodia, in the Upper Bazaar locality here on Monday night.Kotwali police station officer in-charge S B Sharma said: \"We are interrogating the persons who are suspected to be involved in the crime. We have got some clues also.\"Garodia had sustained injuries in the incident. He was released from a private nursing home on Tuesday.\"After closing my shop, I was going to my home when a youth intercepted me. Then two more youths joined him and tried to snatch my bag. When I resisted, one of them tried to open fire, but failed. Then he hit me with the butt of the gun,\" Garodia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058139", "title": "3 held on IPL betting charges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi Police on Tuesday claimed to have smashed a cricket betting racket active during the IPL match between Delhi and Kolkata with the arrest of three persons.Vikash Jain (29), Sandeep Pawar (30) and Vikash Chawla (35) were apprehended from a garment factory in southeast Delhi's Tughlaqabad Extension on Monday.Additional deputy commissioner of police (southeast), Meghna Yadav said that the racket was busted after police got a tip-off. A raid was conducted and the trio were arrested.\"The rates of the odds between the two cricket teams keep fluctuating with the fall of wickets and the runs scored over by over. A laptop was used for maintaining data and keeping records of bets. Mobile phones were used for getting the rates of the odds on the match and for taking bets from punters,\" said Yadav. \"The laptop was specifically used for receiving the rates of betting which fluctuate ball by ball. The data for betting was also maintained manually on the notebooks,\" Yadav said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060288", "title": "29-yr-old dies as car rams into tree", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 29-year-old software engineer died in a road accident when his car rammed a roadside tamarind tree on the Pollachi main road on Monday late night.According to police, the deceased was identified Satish Krishnan, a software engineer. Satish was driving from Coimbatore to Gomangalam on the Pollachi main road when his car lost control near Achipatty area and hit a tamarind tree.Satish was proceeding towards his house in Gomangalam after meeting some of his friends in Coimbatore.Police said, Satish, who was engaged a few days ago, was going to be married and leave for Dubai in the next few days.Pollachi Taluk police retrieved the body from the mangled remains of the car and the body was sent to Pollachi hospital for postmortem. Further investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058523", "title": "Dial toll-free number, air your civic woes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After its four-year experiment with SMS-based complaint redressal system introduced in new west zone, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) is now planning a similar system for the entire city. The new west zone office had received a little above 24,000 complaints in the last four years, claim AMC officials. The new system to be introduced across the city will have a citizens' charter that will fix deadlines for officers attending to citizens' complaints and will vary with the type of complaints lodged with the electronic system.A simple call on a toll-free number regarding any civic problem in your area will make the engineers and officers concerned in your AMC zonal office responsible. The system will inform the officers concerned and their higher-ups via SMSes and emails if the complaint is not addressed in time. Complainants will be given a registration number that will help them track the status of the complaints online and even on SMS. The area municipal councillor will also get access to watching the number of complaints filed in his or her ward office.The new system will involve at least 20 departments of the AMC and more than 300 types of various civic complaints to ease the process. \"Earlier, the system addressed just 71 different types of complaints. We have overcome this shortcoming,\" said a deputy municipal commissioner.If the complaint is not redressed within a fixed number of hours, the unique software would shoot off SMSes to officers above the local engineer and finally even to the zonal deputy municipal commissioner and further to the municipal commissioner. \"The software does not stop shooting off SMSes until the citizen's complaint is addressed.\"\"Basically, the system runs around for the complainant and creates a log of the work it did. If the AMC engineer closes the complaint, an SMS will inform the complainant immediately and seek his opinion. The citizen can start off the entire process again if the complaint is not addressed properly and call up the call centre. In the long run, it will help evaluate the performance of the officers concerned,\" said a senior AMC official.The new system will generate a daily report for each of the local wards, saying how each one of them responded to the complaints and whether the services were delivered on time. The deputy municipal commissioner gets the report on his mobile as an SMS and also a mail and so does the municipal commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13058990", "title": "Central verges to get a green makeover", "text": "LUDHIANA: Following the renovation of three main roundabouts, now municipal authorities are eyeing the development of central verges and islands constructed on Ferozepur Road and bus stand road in the next phase. Residents are all praise for the efforts, which has been their long-pending demand.Earlier, these central verges had been given to a private company for development in lieu of advertisement board installation, but they failed in doing it. Now the officials have woken up to need of developing them since both roads mark city entry and exit points. First of all officials would take up central verge from Gurdwara Nanaksar on Ferozepur Road, till Verka Milk Plant and then would start developing central verge on bus stand road.In the central verges too gaps would be filled by planting more plants. According to sources, the bed of roses near Verka Plant get damaged in the absence of maintenance, therefore the officials have now decided to pay proper attention towards the same. Similarly, the islands constructed in several parts of city would also be taken up later. The beautification of the roundabouts started around 15 days ago and its landscaping work is complete while grills would be installed by the bridges and road department.Executive engineer of horticulture wing Surinder Kumar said, \"Landscaping work of roundabouts in Ishmeet Chowk, Midha Chowk and Chattar Singh park chowk is complete and now we are going to take up central verges lying abandoned.'' Requesting the general public he said, \"If any of the residents, organizations or institutes are interested in developing central verges on their behalf they are most welcome and they can submit their plans with them so that more central verges can be beautified.''Meanwhile, the residents are satisfied with beautification drive going on in the city for the past 15 days. \"It's a great relief for our city which was gradually turning shabby. Now at least roundabouts and central verges would look good.Officials should continue their beautification drive and maintain the greenery,'' remarked Suman Sharma, a student and resident of Civil Lines. A businessman and resident of Model Gram, Sukhwinder Singh said, \"Central verges on main roads must be developed since these form the entry and exit points for commuters. These end up being a real eye sore if not developed.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058406", "title": "Roads in Old City to be widened", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congested roads in the Old City will soon become a thing of the past. As many as 40 major roads and junctions in the Old City will be widened by the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation by the year end.Seven MIM MLAs, representing Assembly constituencies in the Old City, held a review meeting with Hyderabad mayor Mohd Majid Hussain and commissioner M T Krishna Babu on road widening works on Tuesday.Briefing the media after the review meeting, mayor Mohd Majid Hussain and commissioner Krishna Babu said some road stretches like Chanchalguda-Madannapet via Saidabad and Chandrayangutta junction-Peeli Dargah-Erra Kunta-Barkas have already been taken up for expansion a few years ago, but could not be completed due to legal wrangles and religious structures. For some roads like Bahadurpura junction-Miralam junction, road development plans have been prepared and survey was done for sketches, they said. For widening roads and junction improvement works, the corporation would spend about Rs 250 crore, the commissioner said.Incidentally, Karwan MLA Muqtada Khan assured that they would cooperate with the corporation to relocate religious structures that have become bottlenecks for widening the roads. The MLAs asked the GHMC officials to acquire properties by negotiating with owners and not by force.\"GHMC will appoint two deputy collectors for taking up legal issues for road widening and pursue with the property owners,\" the mayor said and added that it has been decided to hand over the cases of major bottlenecks in the city to the advocate-general so that cases would be tackled effectively.A feasibility study would be conducted for construction of a flyover from Road 1 and 12, Banjara Hills to Masab Tank connecting Sarojini Devi Eye Hospital, the mayor said. The MLAs have also asked the GHMC to take up widening of the road from Charminar to Golconda, one of the oldest roads in the Old City, and asked the commissioner to ensure widening of road near Mehdipatnam on both sides as properties were acquired and road widened only on one side of the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13056794", "title": "Online fraud: One more arrested from Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: A 35-year-old person was arrested by Kerala Police from the city on Monday in connection with the case in which an online banking account of a Kochi-based doctor was hacked and Rs 11.14 lakh siphoned off.A special Kerala police team, which reached Kolkata, arrested Ashok Bhadra, alias Raja, from his Gandhi Colony residence in the southern fringes of the city. Bhadra was produced before a city court which allowed Kerala police to take him to Kochi. According to locals, Bhadra's mother is a Trinamool Congress leader.Ashok Bhadra allegedly withdrew Rs 2 lakh from his account after the fraudsters transferred the money from the doctor's account to his account. The fraudsters had transferred the money they had hacked to various accounts in Mumbai, Hyderabad, Delhi and Kolkata.Police said Bhadra had revealed that two Nigerians were involved in the case. According to him, it was the Nigerians who had asked him to open the account and keep a percentage of the money transferred to his account after handing over the amount to the two Nigerians.The Kolkata police detective department had also rounded up a Nigerian national, identified as Felix, from Puducherry. As per the police, the Nigerian racket engages local people as their agents to commit the fraud and directs them to open accounts in new generation banks.It was on March 30 last that the online bank account of Dr Shabeer Khan in Kochi was hacked. The accused had also taken duplicate SIM card of the doctor from a mobile store in Hyderabad to get the pin number that is sent by the bank to transfer money from the account.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059537", "title": "Lens on multi-crore agricultural plot racket", "text": "MUMBAI: More than 100 agricultural plots in Kalyan's Haji Malang Road area have been allegedly sold to builders as non-agricultural (NA) plots with the help of forged papers.The racket came to light when the Ulhasnagar crime branch recently arrested six people from Dombivli for forging NA documents and selling agricultural plots causing a loss of thousands of crores to the government.The arrested have been identified as Sunil Gawde (43), Sunil Bodare (40), Satywan Kadam (52), Ajay Kolte (35), builder Mrityunjay Singh (48) and his son Vishal Singh (25).Police have seized forged documents, stamp papers and rubber stamps of many senior revenue officials.A senior official said that primary investigation shows the gang was operating across Thane district and the members enjoyed the support of many revenue officials and politicians. Police suspect the gang has sold more than 100 agricultural plots as NA to builders and many buildings have already been constructed on the plots. Some builders may have also offered loan facilities to customers on basis of the land, police said.The Thane collector office has ordered an inquiry. Resident district collector of Thane Amol Yadav said, \"We have asked the Kalyan tehsildar to provide a list of permissions given to agricultural plots for NA use so that the police can detect the forged permissions and take action.\" The tehsildar has also been asked to act against ilegal constructions. According to the law, agricultural land can be given only to agriculturists. However, the collector can grant permission for transfer of land under certain conditions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13056818", "title": "Hawkers encroach Sec 93A streets", "text": "NOIDA: Makeshift shops, illegal kiosks and food stalls as well as many unauthorized vendors have encroached on the roadside along one of the posh apartment complexes along the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. Residents allege that the encroachers not only conduct their daily business without a care, but also indulge in nefarious activities.The encroachment of the road and sidewalks by the vendors has become a nuisance for residents who reside in the vicinity of Sector 93A, which houses several group housing societies including Eldeco, Parasnath, Park View and ATS, among others. Residents complain that several appeals to the authorities to check the menace have brought no relief. \"It is quite unfortunate that neither the Noida Authority nor the Noida police are taking action against the vendors and shopkeepers encroaching the road and sidewalks with their makeshift stalls,\" residents said.Women and children are at their wits end as the presence of the illegal vendors is posing a serious threat to their safety and passage through the area has become difficult for them.Many women complained that they have stopped their children to go out after dark as anti-social elements have made it their hangout spot. \"Many residents have young daughters and they do not allow them to go out fearing for their safety,\" said Manju Bhatia, a resident of an apartment complex in Sector 93A. \"There is a paanwala opposite our society where several groups of boys collect at all times of the day and towards night. We have informed the local police authorities but to no avail,\" Bhatia said.Some other residents alleged some of the 'shop' sell liquor and allow consumption of intoxicants illegally at their establishments.Residents also said that the presence of the illegal vendors on government land is a hazard as they do not adhere to any norms. \"The encroachments also leave no space for pedestrians. This also causes traffic problems which could result in serious accidents,\" said Durga Paswan, another resident.Meanwhile, when contacted, Noida Authority officials said that they were unaware of the problem. \"We have not received any complaints from the area. Illegal occupation of footpaths is one of the major concerns in Noida and we will ensure that these encroachments are removed,\" said Brijpal Choudhary, project engineer of the enforcement department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056833", "title": "It might be the end of the rail for Sabari project", "text": "KOCHI: Looks like it's the end of the road for the Sabari Rail project. After the railways asked the revenue department to close down the special tahsildar's office in Muvattupuzha, which was set up for acquiring land for the project, the district collector held a meeting with railway officials in Kochi on Tuesday. But it failed to make any headway.Railway officials, who attended the meeting, reiterated their earlier stand that the office should be closed down, citing shortage of funds as the reason. The letter to the Revenue Department said the office should be closed down before March 31.District collector P I Sheik Pareeth informed the railway officials that the issue would be taken up with the state government soon.\"The railways had sent us a letter asking that the Special Tahsildar's office in Muvattupuzha be closed down. It said it didn't have the money to meet the functioning of the office. But we can't agree to the demand as we have already issued 4 (1) notification for land acquisition,\" Sheik Pareeth said.Though land acquisition alone would require Rs 1,000 crore, the Union government has allocated only Rs 48 crore for the project so far. Of the 17 villages from which land is to be acquired, revenue officials have completed the process in two; in two other villages, the process has reached the half-way.For acquiring land in seven villages, at least Rs 400 crore will be required. The railway budget for 2012-13 hasn't set apart any amount for the Sabari Rail project. Railways has also failed to give the Rs 137 crore to be distributed among land owners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13058985", "title": "300 phones on the blink as construction work snaps BSNL cable", "text": "BHOPAL: BSNL has filed an FIR against Dilip Buildcon Company with the TT Nagar police station for allegedly cutting an underground BSNL cable near Nanke petrol pump in New market area while carrying out a road construction work late on Monday night.Due to this incident, more than 300 telephone lines in Malviya Nagar and 45 bungalow areas of Bhopal are out of order. This has also affected the broadband and other services of BSNL in the area, spokesman of the BSNL said\"We have filed an FIR against Dilip Buildicon Company on Tuesday,\" said the BSNL spokesman. \"We are also trying to fix the damage by Wednesday,\" he added.\"We have a contract with the corporation which specifies that the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) will inform the BSNL before taking up road digging to avoid damage. The BMC has failed to inform us, causing damage to the department and inconvenience to consumers,\" spokesman added.BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said, \"We will see to it that such incidents are not repeated. We have also decided to take strict action against any company that causes damage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058962", "title": "11% seats in JNU went unfilled: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a severe shortage of seats in universities, 11% seats in Jawaharlal Nehru University ( JNU) went unfilled and 31% grant for development of infrastructure remained unutilized.A recent performance audit by the CAG tabled in Lok Sabha on Tuesday found that the university did not utilize its resources economically and efficiently as 11% of the available seats in various courses remained unfilled due to the \"defective admission policy\".The report also pointed out that 31% of the grants received for development of infrastructure remained unutilized. \"The university could generate a maximum of 5.91% of its annual recurring expenditure which was much below the target of 25% recommended by the Punnayya Committee in 1992-93. It did not invest its surplus funds in short term deposits which resulted in loss of interest of Rs 1.39 crore,\" the report said.The CAG also pointed out that Assam University could not utilize its resources to the extent of Rs 14.30 crore efficiently as 17-39% of available seats in 28 post-graduate courses and 26-59% in four under-graduate courses remained vacant during the period of report.In contrast, the report said, excess students were admitted in three five-year integrated courses almost in all years of report.Out of the total 46 research projects undertaken by different departments of the university, only 12 projects could be completed as of June 2010. \"No mechanism for monitoring the research projects existed. The plan fund ranging 39- 73% remained unutilized in all the years during 2005-10,\" the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059013", "title": "Pakistan needs to do more on terror; bounty on Hafiz Saeed sign of US seriousness: Hillary Clinton", "text": "NEW DELHI: Quelling all doubts about the US announcing a $10 million reward for Lashkar-e-Taiba chief Hafiz Saeed, secretary of state Hillary Clinton on Tuesday said the initiative was meant to secure \"arrest or conviction\" of the Pakistan-based terrorist.After her meeting with foreign minister SM Krishna here, Clinton described Saeed as one of the principal architects of the 2008 Mumbai attacks.\"Our Rewards for Justice offer (for Saeed) demonstrates our seriousness in obtaining additional information that can withstand judicial scrutiny, and that leads to arrest or conviction, and brings the perpetrators and the planners of the Mumbai attacks to justice,'' Clinton said.\"We wanted to raise the visibility and make it very clear that the United States had reason to believe that Hafiz Saeed had been one of the principal architects of the attack against Mumbai,'' she said, adding that US wanted to send an \"unmistakable'' message of solidarity with India.Clinton was responding to a question about the recent statement by US ambassador to Pakistan Cameron Munter that the Rewards for Justice offer was not specific to Saeed and that Pakistani media had wrongly reported the matter.Sending a strong message to Pakistan, Clinton also said it needed to do more in combating violent extremism. \"It needs to make sure that its territory is not used as launching pads for terrorist attacks anywhere, including inside of Pakistan because the great unfortunate fact is that terrorists in Pakistan have killed more than 30,000 Pakistanis.\"As expected, Clinton raised the issue of India's oil imports from Iran and later, while interacting with media, commended India \"for steps its refineries are taking to reduce imports from Iran''.While Krishna maintained that Iran remained a key source of energy for India, the Indian side also seemed to put the onus for Iran crude imports on its refineries saying that ultimately it was a question of decisions \"based on commercial, financial and technical considerations''.Without the unrelenting pressure of international nations, Clinton said it wouldn't have been possible to bring Iran to the negotiating table with P5+1 countries. \"We both want to prevent Iran from getting a nuclear weapon. And India has been a strong partner in urging Iran to live up to its international obligations and to use the P5+1 talks that began again in Istanbul to demonstrate unequivocally the peaceful intent of its nuclear programme,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13059959", "title": "Deve Gowda fatigued", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Prime Minister HD Deve Gowda has been hospitalized for fatigue and blood pressure fluctuations .Gowda was admitted to Jayadeva Institute of Cardiovascular Sciences and Research on Monday . Institute director Dr CN Manjunath said the former PM will be in hospital for four to five days . \"We are treating him for exhaustion ,\" Dr Manjunath said . Gowda will turn 79 on May 18 .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13060400", "title": "Cop shot dead by Maoists in Nuapada", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Continuing their killing spree, Maoists on Tuesday made a police assistant sub-inspector in Nuapada district their latest victim. They kidnapped him a little before noon, tied his hands and legs and shot him dead under a tree.Kruparam Majhi's bullet-ridden body was recovered from a neighbouring forest in Sunabeda sanctuary. Majhi (45) of Beltukri village was posted at Dharambandh police outpost. Enquiries revealed Majhi, on a motorcycle, was escorting a water tanker to a CRPF camp in the sanctuary when the incident took place. Just about two km from the camp, the Maoists first blank-fired. As the ASI stopped his two-wheeler they surrounded him. While some took him away to the jungle at gun point, others in the group detached the tractor hauling the water tanker, pulled it to the forest and set it ablaze. The Maoists, however, did not harm constable Debnarayan Sahoo accompanying Majhi. As they vanished into the jungle, Sahoo fled from the place and informed local villagers and authorities about the incident.Sources said, senior police officials later visited the area with additional forces and recovered Majhi's body. Chief minister Naveen Patnaik described Majhi's murder as barbaric and inhuman. He announced a job for a person from Majhi's family and Rs 8 lakh ex-gratia. Majhi's family will also get Rs 10 lakh towards insurance and other benefits, he said in his condolence message.Sources said, the Maoists, opposed to the CRPF camp in the area, had been targeting police, who often provide logistical support to the security forces there. Police suspect Tuesday's incident was the handiwork of the Maoists' Mainpur division headed by one Sujatha, which operates in Nuapada and bordering districts of Chhattisgarh.The 600 sq km sanctuary, with extensive platues and waterfalls provide a safe haven for Maoists to conduct regular training camps. In March, Maoists operating in the area had set fire to nearly 15 vehicles of a contractor engaged in construction work in the area. They also killed a woman, who had married a Red rebel, suspecting her to be a police informer. The Maoists in the area were also instrumental in killing a local block chairman and 10 police personnel of Chhattisgarh in May 2011, who had come on a security mission.Since the release of two Italians and Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka from Maoist captivity after a long-drawn high drama, this was a major incident of violence reported in the last two weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059587", "title": "City\u2019s accident orphans who lost parents during the past one-and-half years", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Munish, 12, and his sister Muskan, 9, are not the only children, who have been orphaned after their parents died in road accidents. A total eight children, including Munish and Muskan, have been orphaned due to the fatal road accidents in and around Chandigarh.Figures revealed that as many as four couples were killed and eight children were orphaned in different road accidents during the past one-and-half years in the Tricity. The previous road accident, which snuffed lives of a Manimajra based couple - Dharampal and Sushila -- was reported in December, 2011 at the sectors 27-28 light point on December 27, 2011. The couple is survived by three kids, Sujata, Kishan and Mohan.A senior police officer said, \"The elder son of couple is 17 years old and he along with and his two siblings are working to earn their livelihood.\" Though a local NGO was ready to adopt them for their study, children reportedly refused to attend classes. The couple was on a rickshaw, which was hit by a speeding car at the sectors 27-28 light point. They were declared brought dead and accused, Vishay Darpan, was arrested.Similarly, a senior assistant with Punjab intelligence wing, Dharam Singh and his wife Harbans Kaur were survived by their three children when their two-wheeler was hit by a recklessly-driven CTU bus in July 2009. The incident took place when couple was going to Mundi Kharar. The couple was brought to PGI but was declared brought dead. Later, the negligent driver was arrested. The kids are now being raised by their uncle and are studying in a private school in Chandigarh. DSP (traffic) Vijay Kumar said there is no provision to provide special aid to such children, cases would be turned into documentries for showing the traffic rules offenders.An Ambala district resident couple - Sajjan Singh and his wife Harbans Kaur - were killed in a road accident near Kharar on April 27, 2012. The couple was on a two-wheeler and hit by a speeding truck. Deceased couple is survived by three children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore ", "code": "13060005", "title": "Alert victim, control room help nail culprit", "text": "BANGALORE : An alert victim and equally agile police control room staff in South division helped local cops nab robbers in the nick of time . One was trying to escape with money drawn from an ATM using the victim's debit card in the wee hours of Sunday .Police commissioner JyothiprakashMirji ,whileseeking people's help in alerting the dial-100 police emergency facility , narrated this incident on Tuesday , where the victim and the dial-100 control room staff worked in tandem to nab the culprits .It was around 1am on Sunday when dial-100 got a message from a woman , Pavani , that seven youths who came in a Santro tried to heckle her and two other girls in front of Brand Factory , Wilson Garden . Control room staff constable AJ Netravathi alerted the South division control room . The gang, meanwhile , dragged the victims to a slum nearby before snatching away their ATM cards and mobiles .South division control room staff constable Basavaraju alerted Siddapur police who caught oneof thesuspectstrying todraw money from an ATM in Wilson Garden using one of the victim's debit card . A team from Siddapur police station , while rescuing the three victims , also caught suspect Roshan , 20, of Siddapur .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058603", "title": "Tiracol sand mining leaves village vulnerable to floods", "text": "PANAJI: Uncontrolled sand extraction along Tiracol river is set to bring ecological disaster to residents living along its banks. Excessive and indiscriminate sand extraction in the river has also threatened the existence of mangroves. The boom in the real estate sector has fuelled the activity and sand extractors, hoping to make a fast buck, are parking canoes in mangrove beds in the middle of the river to extract sand. Locals want that the activity be regularized.\"We understand that a lot of families are dependent on this activity. Sand mining should be regularized, mangrove beds should be protected, and extraction allowed in patches where there is not much ecological damage,\" a Kiranpani villager said.At least 60-70 canoes are operating in the river bed at Kiranpani. Locals claim around 300 truckloads of sand depart from here daily with sand for the construction industry. Due to large-scale sand extraction in mangrove beds, the river bank is collapsing, they allege. About 30 houses on the edge of river are threatened and some of them have already developed cracks in the walls.\"There was panic among villagers during the recent floods in Indonesia . Protection, in the form of mangroves, has been already destroyed,\" a villager said.\"Mangroves are automatically in danger although they are not being directly cut. Sand extraction has to be stopped as it has been destroying mangroves,\" another villager said.Officials from the mines and geology department told TOI that they had received oral complaints regarding the activity and will act to stop the illegalities. \"Some locals have expressed concern over illegal sand extraction and its transportation. We are looking into it,\" a senior officer from the mines department said.Pernem mamlatdar Satish Dessai said his office is checking on illegal sand extraction with regular raids with the help of police. \"We are verifying whether they possess clearance from the CRZ authority, captain of ports and mines department. The surprise raids will continue in the river beds at Tiracol till we are able to stop illegal extraction,\" Dessai said.Erosion in the banks of Tiracol river and change in its topography has become an issue with sand extraction reaching a peak in recent months. To meet shortage of sand availability during the monsoon, extraction has increased and sand stocking has started, say locals.Hundreds of tonnes of sand have been dumped as 'stocks' in open areas and barren fields of Pernem taluka which will be transported during monsoons, allege villagers.Sources said the current rate of sand is between 400 and 700 per cubic metre depending upon the quality and additional transport cost. Sand dumped as 'stock' is lifted during the monsoon and transported to construction sites at rates varying between 800 and 1,500 per cubic metre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13068861", "title": "Kusum Bhabhi versus Mala's Mummy: The big fight", "text": "After the Bollywood playing field, catfights seem to be taking place on the sets of television serials, as well.It was recently reported that Dipti, who plays Kusum Bhabi in Kairi on Colors got into a battle of words with Roshni Shetty who plays Mala's mum in the same serial.Apparently, there were vanity issues. Both actresses wanted to their make-up to get done at a particular time, and all hell broke lose, so much so that the rest of the cast and crew gathered around to see what the fight was all about.All seems to have been sorted out now, and the two have returned to shooting peacefully. This fight, however, remains a thing of the past. And everyone on the sets of Kairi is hoping that history doesn't repeat itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore/chamarajanagar", "code": "13058777", "title": "Move to defame priest", "text": "MYSORE/CHAMARAJANAGAR: The district authorities on Tuesday declared the 'padukes' (golden sandals) of Biligiriranga Swamy were original and were exchanged for bronze ones.A source claimed that it was done to defame the temple chief priest for stopping people from taking advantage of the jathre for a commercial purpose.Shivanagaiah, tahsildar, Yelandu r says as many as 82 valuables were taken out from the treasury for the Dodda jathre festival at Biligiranga Swamy temple in Yelandur on May 3 and were handed over to two priests. About 16 valuables, including the padukes, were handed over to chief priest Ravikumar and other 66 valuables to Almelamma temple priest Sheshadri on the eve of the festival. It was done in the presence of temple AC, tahsildar, executive officer, devotees, priests and police officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13059785", "title": "Complete NH-53 work before monsoon: Minister to BRO", "text": "IMPHAL: Manipur's newly-inducted works minister Khumujam Ratankumar has asked the Border Roads Organization (BRO) to complete the development work of the National Highway 53 connecting Imphal and Jiribam sub-division bordering Assam before the onset of monsoon.After NH 39 (Imphal-Dimapur route), NH 53, which is currently maintained by the BRO, is the second lifeline of Manipur.With various tribal bodies, mostly from the Naga community, resorting to frequent economic blockades on NH 39, the public and hordes of civil and transport bodies of the state have been pressuring the government to improve the Imphal-Jiribam route for the last few years.An organization has also been formed recently by the general public to pressurize the government for development of NH 53.Ratankumar, who inspected the NH 53 stretch on Monday, expressed dissatisfaction over the way the works are being carried out at various point.He demanded a report on the progress of work along the highway from the BRO authorities.When the minister pointed out the lack of quality control in maintaining the Kambiron section of the highway, the BRO officials said that the stretch was black-topped in October last year and owing to incessant rains and movements of heavy trucks, it has broken up.Not satisfied with this reply, the minister asked the officials to maintain quality control and he also made it clear that the highway development works should be completed before the monsoon to ensure the public do not face any difficulties on the route.Before making a field assessment of the Jiribam-Tipaimukh road, the minister presided a meeting at Jiribam sub-division in the evening.Last month, Union minister of state for defence MM Pallam Raju also personally inspected the Imphal-Jiribam highway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059364", "title": "Controversy over use of \u2018dead\u2019 waste water disposal pipeline too", "text": "VARANASI: When a channel was already made to dispose of the treated waste water from Dinapur Sewage Treatment Plan into the river Ganga near Totepur village, what was the need to reuse a dead pipeline for disposing water of this STP into the river Varuna at Konia point? With the construction of STP at Dinapur, a channel was created to transfer the treated water for disposal into the Ganga. The same treated water was used for irrigating the fields along the channel. But, now the UP Jal Nigam has stopped providing water to the farmers to irrigate fields from this channel and to stop them from taking water from this channel, the agency is now laying a pipeline for the disposal of treated water.When Ramesh Singh, general manager of Ganga Pollution Control Unit of UP Jal Nigam, was contacted, he said, \"When the water was being given for irrigation, the farmers used to raise a hue and cry that their crops are being spoiled and resulting in the spread of many diseases. We also received a directive from agriculture department to stop supply of treated water for irrigation. As the channel was broken at different point by the farmers to take water for irrigation, it was decided to lay pipeline for the disposal of treated water into the Ganga.\"However, the local farmers alleged that the problem was caused due to disposal of untreated or improperly treated waste water. They alleged that if the waste water is being disposed after treatment why it is not visible in the channel and why the pipeline, laid in 1964 and declared dead after the construction of STP, was being utilized to dispose of the water into the Varuna near sewage pumping station at Konia. When the TOI visited this point, the massive disposal of water into the Varuna was visible from the same pipeline. And when the sewage pumping station was viewed only one pumping machine was found operating there while the staff present there claimed that two out of three pumps operate during peak hours (between 5.00am and 11.00am and again 5.00pm and 11.00pm).In this regard, Singh made it very clear that the pumping station was functioning around the clock and against the capacity of 80 MLD, about 90 MLD waste water is being treated at Dinapur STP at present. He said that the dead pipeline was revived to use it as bypass in the case of damage of channel walls. He claimed that the water was being disposed of into the river Varuna at Konia point after treatment only.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057981", "title": "South Delhi residents demand approval for building extra floor", "text": "NEW DELHI: Residents of villages and elite colonies in south Delhi came together at the third open house organized by DDA on Tuesday for the ongoing master plan review. Nearly 200 people presented their suggestions for new provisions in MPD 2012 and changes in the existing ones.While villagers mainly sought DDA to extend the Lal Dora land and rethink on widening of roads near residential areas, RWAs and individuals from GK-1 and Safdarjung wanted permission to build an extra floor to root out commercialization. Lack of parking spaces within colonies was an issue that bothered most no matter where they came from.A member of residents' welfare association, Greater Kailash-I, suggested that DDA could consider developing parking lots under existing playgrounds.They can be built as cooperatives and residents can buy their dedicated parking spaces on the lines of housing societies built by private builders in the NCR, the member said.Presenting suggestions on 16 different issues, GK-I RWA chairman Rajiv Kakria said, \"The expensive fully-automated parking lots should be avoided and instead residents should be encouraged to set up co-operatives.\"He also urged DDA to provide norms in the master plan to bring down the number of guesthouses in residential areas, as they were proving to be a security threat and a hazard on Hansraj Gupta Marg at GK-I.\"There were 28 guesthouses on this two-kilometre stretch. Unable to sustain themselves, these guesthouses were subletting their premises for other services like ATM and fitness centres or have started various activities in the evening.While parking becomes a problem there, the social environment has also become unhealthy,\" Kakria said adding, \"Zonal norms should freeze the maximum number of such facilities that can be allowed to operate from a colony.\"As part of other suggestions, he also said norms for equivalent car space (ECS) should be different fro an area like Sangam Vihar and GK-I, as the latter is likely to have bigger cars. Y B Dogra, a resident of Safdarjung Enclave, vouched for allowing an additional floor in plotted houses.\"These properties come at such a premium considering their high costs. Not letting the residents construct an additional floor is unjustified,\" he said.There were a number of residents representing villages in Tughlaqabad, Rajokri, Chhattarpur as well as unauthorized colonies too. Ved Pal from Tughlaqabad Village suggested DDA to change the land use of their area from green to residential.\"The revenue records of the village show that it has been there for centuries. But its land use has been mentioned as regional park in the master plan which hampers the developmental activities in the village as no plan is passed,\" Pal alleged.Another participant, Kishan Chand Panwar, added, \"DDA should also provide for a provision for parking in villages. Don't our families grow? Don't we need more space for our vehicles? DDA has never given it a thought so far.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13058824", "title": "District collector verifying action taken in land-filling cases across South Goa", "text": "MARGAO: Following inspections of land filling sites carried out by the South Goa district collector, N D Agarwal, in the first week of May, the South Goa flying squad officials were asked to compile a list of all such inspections carried out by them in the last two years.According to the list submitted to the district collector by the flying squad officials on Tuesday, in the last two years they received 192 complaints of alleged illegal land filling. Flying squad officials stated that after these complaints were looked into, 93 persons were given a show-cause notice.The BJP had demanded a review of all cases of illegal land filling and change of zones in the constituency during the last five years. Last week, Agarwal and his team, deputy collector Dasharat Redkar and BJP workers visited a site behind KTC bus stand and another one near the swimming pool in Fatorda to verify complaints of alleged land filling.\"We are now in touch with all the town and country planning offices in South Goa, Margao PDA and Vasco PDA to follow up on these cases and to get information on how many FIRs they have filed,\" said Redkar\"We have come to see the factual position and we will take action, if any, as per law,\" Agrawal said, pointing out that most of the complaints were from Salcete. Agarwal added that the purpose of this exercise was to know exactly what happened in the last two years and what follow up had taken place.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13056875", "title": "Metro: Changes suggested for final approval", "text": "NOIDA: To clear the tracks for the two proposed Metro rail routes in Noida, the newly-appointed CEO Sanjeev Saran met DMRC officials on Tuesday and suggested changes for finalizing the projects. While the draft MoU for the 3.9km Metro line between Botanical Garden and Kalindi Kunj was discussed, two changes were suggested for the proposed route between Sectors 32 and 62 (NH-24).\"The draft MoU for the Metro project between Kalindi Kunj and Botanical has been discussed in detail and after incorporating the modifications proposed by the CEO, we will send it to the state government for approval,\" said Sandeep Chandra, Noida's senior project engineer and nodal officer for Metro projects. \"Signing of the MoU will soon follow giving the official nod to the project,\" said Chandra.The Botanical Garden-Kalindi Kunj route is estimated to cost Rs 874 crore and expected to be complete by 2016. Once completed, commuters will no longer have to travel to Rajiv Chowk Metro station to connect to line 2 (Huda City Centre to Jehangirpuri) as the proposed phase-III extension line will form a ringed route. The proposed line will be connecting Botanical Garden station with Hauz Khas station via Amity University, Kalindi Kunj and Kalkaji temple stations. Commuters will get three exchange points on this route.After getting the draft detailed project report for the second proposed Metro route between Sectors 32 and 62 (NH-24), the CEO suggested two modifications. \"Earlier, it had been proposed that the Metro line would cross NH-24 at Model town T-point crossing,\" Chandra said. \"The CEO pointed out that to make a signal-free corridor, a flyover would be required at the intersection between Noida and NH-24,\" said Chandra. \"He proposed that the line be shifted about 100m to the right towards the CISF premises to make it more functional,\" Chandra said.The second change suggested is that instead of constructing the Metro line along the central verge of the Master Plan Road-III from Sector 32, it should be routed along the right side of the green belt from the Flex crossing. For this proposed diversion, Noida Authority will ask RITES to conduct a study for its feasibility.This new line from the City Centre station connecting Sector 32 to Sector 62 and NH-24 will cost Rs 1,805 crore. The trains on the proposed route will have 6 or 8 coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062102", "title": "Vinayan\u2019s Drakula 3D horror film", "text": "The shooting of this film has been started. The film will be releasing in Malayalam, English,Tamil and Telugu.Director Vinayan's Drakulla is coming as a complete 3d film. Thilkan, Sudheer, Tamil stars Prabhu, Nazar and Telungu actress Meena are the stars. Om Puri also doing role in this film.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060175", "title": "Ex-CMO under 24X7 scanner", "text": "LUCKNOW: Over-cautious jail officials took extra precaution in ensuring safety and security to former CMO Dr AK Shukla by putting him at almost an isolated cell in the commonly known women premises at the district jail here on Tuesday.The steps taken by jail officials come in wake of the recovery of some powder-like substance, claimed by Dr Shukla to be sulphas, from his sock. Panic gripped the district jail after the recovery of powder substance during the frisking of Dr Shukla after he was handed over to the jail staff by CBI sleuths following his judicial remand on Monday. The recovery of sulphas powder from the socks of Dr Shukla also put CBI in the dock as former CMO was in the custody of the premiere agency for around 18 hours before being sent to judicial custody.Following this recovery, the jail authorities ordered Dr Shukla to be kept under strict vigil. Two jail guards on 24X7 duty had been deployed near his cell. These guards would be supervised by a deputy jailor. No other person, even the jail guard other than those on duty will be allowed to move near Dr Shukla's cell, said jail superintendent Daddhiram.. According to jail officials, just to ensure the safety of Dr Shukla, even Shukla's family members met him under strict watch of jail officials. Earlier, a team of CBI sleuths also rushed to the district jail at around 10am and inquired with jail officials as to how was sulphas powder recovered from the socks of the former CMO and what did he tell jail officials as to why did he hid sulphas in the socks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059231", "title": "A modern pool for Pirappancode", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The newly-built international swimming complex at Pirappancode, first in the state and the second in the country, after the one in Delhi, which is capable of hosting synchronized swimming, will be inaugurated by sports minister K B Ganesh Kumar on Wednesday. The main pool in the complex has a depth of three metre which makes it possible to conduct swimming, water polo and synchronized swimming events in the same pool.The pool in Delhi, where the Commonwealth Games swimming events were held, is only two metre deep. The minister will also inaugurate a sport hostel complex on the occasion.In a press meet held in city on Tuesday, sports council president Padmini Thomas said the pool and the sports hostel complex were completed at a cost of Rs 9 crore. \"All the children who undergo training at Pirappancode pool will be accommodated in the new hostel complex. The galleries in the complex can seat 3,000 people,\" said Thomas.A 5.5 metre-deep D-shaped diving pool, with facility for high-board diving, is also part of the complex. A 1.5-metre depth practice pool has also been readied for conducting swimming camps for children.A Mumbai-based company has been entrusted with the cleaning and maintenance of the pool complex. \"Over 250 children can be trained in the swimming complex. An indoor pool is also readied there,\" she added.MLA Palodu Ravi, district panchayat president Ramani P Nair and MP A Sampath will be present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058710", "title": "Air India passengers shift bookings to other airlines", "text": "CHENNAI: The strike by Air India pilots may not have yet affected the airline's international schedules in Chennai, but passengers are not taking chances. They are trying to shift their bookings to other airlines, say travel agents.Travel agents have started getting inquiries from passengers about the airline schedules. \"People do not want their travel plans to be affected. The strike, if it spreads to Chennai, will take a toll on passengers flying to Singapore, Dubai and Colombo,\" said an airport official.\"We have received a few requests to make last minute changes in the bookings. The tickets have been re-booked into other carriers,\" said a travel agent. An AI official said only a section of pilots based in New Delhi and Mumbai were on strike and that it had not disrupted schedules in Chennai.However, if the strike continues and more pilots join hands with the striking pilots, the national carrier fears more schedules may get affected in other bases in the coming days. AI has sacked 10 pilots who reported sick.\"Pilots went on strike after a difference of opinion with AI and the erstwhile Indian Airlines over training to fly the Boeing 787 aircraft. Air India pilots opposed management move to train more Indian Airlines pilots to fly the Dreamliners,\" said a pilot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13060488", "title": "Peace, progress only options: Shahbaz Sharif", "text": "LAHORE: India and Pakistan have no option but to live as friendly neighbours, Punjab chief minister Shahbaz Sharif said at the concluding session of the two-day Indo-Pak economic conference held as part of the Aman ki Asha initiative of Times of India and Pakistan's Jang Group.\"We've fought wars, seen destruction. But the time has come to eliminate poverty and hunger from the region. There is growing realization that war between the two nuclear-armed neighbours is not an option. We need to engage in mutual trade and investment and to utilize our resources for the betterment of our nations,\" Sharif added.Observers at the conference called the two-day event a great leap forward in easing tensions between the two countries. \"In the past, several efforts have been made to sort out differences and strike out on the path of peace. But this time, it was different. Unlike in the past, none of the participants touched upon any of the sensitive chords. Surprisingly, I did not hear even one negative word from the anti-peace lobby,\" said Ghazi Salhuddin, an analyst.The conference's concluding session was chaired by CII president Adi Godrej. Speaking at the conference, Sharat Sabharwal, Indian high commissioner to Pakistan said the revised visa agreement between New Delhi and Islamabad should be signed by month-end when home secretaries of both countries meet in Pakistan. The meeting is scheduled for May 24 and 25. India, he said, was working on simplifying its visa norms and the details will be made available on the high commission's website in the next few days. He added, \"Anyway, we are issuing visas much faster to the business community over the last few months.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13060046", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation floats Rs 2cr tender for Dandi Pul restoration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Not wasting any time over the debate over ownership, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has voluntarily stepped forward for restoring and conserving the 'orphaned' Dandi Pul. The AMC issued tenders and called for specialized engineering firms for undertaking the Rs 2.06 crore conservation project on Monday, the day when AMC was to present its stand on Dandi Pul before the Gujarat high court.The AMC will take interested firms to the Dandi Pul on May 14, hold a pre-bid meeting two days later and finally choose a firm on May 21, according to the notice.Asix-page report was earlier submitted by Cept University on April 20 to the AMC, estimating the amount of damages and the immediate restoration effort that is required for the bridge. The AMC in a written note has assured the HC that immediate cleaning operations on and underneath the bridge will be carried out. The entrance to the bridge has already been cordoned off. The Cept report squarely blames the slum clusters mushrooming around the bridge as the cause main for the deterioration. It says that the gutter water of Changrabhaga Nala and the large scale encroachment are main hurdles in any restoration work. The residents of nearby clusters defecate under the bridge and some near the entrance .\"What do we do in the absence of a toilet and a drainage line in our area. We are humans too. Our demand for mobile toilets has fallen on deaf ears. Where do our women and children go then,\" says Narendra Prajapati, a resident of Parikshitlal Majmudar slum cluster near Dandi Ashram. The Cept report claims that the steel frame of the Dandi Pul has corroded . Some of the connecting steel parts on both sides of railing are also missing. This apart, the wooden planks supporting the floor are in poor condition.The report has proposed cleaning of the passage under the bridge, and emphasized on building awareness about the bridge in the nearby clusters. The first phase of the twostage plan includes restoration of Dandi Pul and paving new road sections on it. The second phase includes a comprehensive master plan for the surrounding area of 1.77 hectares . It also includes improving road condition, landscaping the area, necessary tourism infrastructure and connectivity to Sabarmati riverfront and Ashram Road.Cept University has suggested completing restoration work in about 12 months after finalizing the design and tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060247", "title": "Defence witnesses to be examined in Sagar Sahani murder case", "text": "PUNE: Four out of the 11 suspects facing trial in the ransom and murder of 22-year-old Sagar Sahani, told the special court here that they will examine defence witnesses.Nitin Modha, Prasad Shetty, Jitendra Modha and Ravetsingh Badoria told special judge S P Tavade that they will examine defence witnesses when their statements were recorded under section 313 of the Criminal Procedure Code. Lawyer Vidhyadhar Koshe representing the suspects will file a list of defence witnesses before the court on May 11. Special public prosecutor Vikas Shah has closed evidence in the case after examining 54 witnesses.Sagar was kidnapped on August 14, 2005 and was allegedly murdered on August 24, a day after the family paid Rs 15 lakh as ransom in Mumbai, through hawala channels after negotiating with Dubai-based gangster Aabid Ali. His body was found on the Mumbai-Vapi highway on August 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059423", "title": "Body of Andhra native found lying inside tubewell drain", "text": "VARANASI: Sensation prevailed in Deyipur village, situated under the jurisdiction of Jansa police, on Tuesday morning when the body of a man from Andhra Pradesh was found lying in the drain of a tubewell. When the Deyipur natives were passing through tubewell of the village, they noticed a body. Hundreds of villagers gathered there. Police reached the spot. The cops recovered cash Rs 2,000, a railway ticket from Vijaywada to Allahabad, a ticket of roadways bus from Allahabad to Varanasi and a dairy from his pockets. On the basis of information mentioned in the dairy his identity was ascertained as SK Kumaraswamy (40) of Vijaywada in Andhra Pradesh. The condition of body hinted that he was poisoned. His family members have been informed.Body of an unidentified youth, aged around 20, was found lying in a drain, a few yards away from the GT Road in Lathiya Rampur village in Rohania. During investigation, marks of burn injuries were found on the waist of youth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059877", "title": "\u2018Schools don\u2019t impart quality education\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The retaining by two schools of several Class IX students in the same standard has come in for sharp criticism from educationists. It is not the act they condemn, but the reasons behind it. They say that schools find it convenient to blame students for below-par performance, but conveniently forget their own responsibility to ensure quality education.\"Results in many schools clearly show that students as well as parents have been lax about examinations. But this does not mean that schools are not to be blamed,\" said Rohit Batra, father of a Class VIII student of Villa Theresa School. \"What about students who are really weak when it comes to theory? There should be some provision to replace theory papers with oral examinations.\"Some say that if a blame game ensues, students will suffer the most. \"The purpose of RTE was to reduce stress for students, not bring down the quality of education,\" said Arundhati Chavan, president, Parent-Teachers' Association United Forum. \"While parents and schools argue and fight over RTE, students will be the ultimate losers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058405", "title": "Shree Bruhad Gujarat Sanskrit Parishad to undergo renovation", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Shree Bruhad Gujarat Sanskrit Parishad, situated in Ahmedabad, which is engaged in dissemination of Sanskrit language and its education in Gujarat, will soon be renovated.This was decided at a meeting of the Parishad's executive panel meeting held on May 4. The committee during the meeting decided to reduce examination fees for the students keeping in view the inflation. Also it resolved to increase rewards for those engaged in dissemination of Sanskrit, revise honorarium for examiners and increase the discount on books.The committee also felicitated Pandit Dhanshankar Gaurishankar Vaidya, an aged Sanskrit scholar and erstwhile royal Ayurveda physician, who attended the executive committee meeting. During the meeting, the budget estimates for the year 2012-13 were also presented before the executive panel. Parishad's Rs 7.24 lakh deficit-budget with an estimated income of Rs 21.02 lakh and estimated expenditure of Rs. 28.26 lakh was approved.The meeting was chaired by president of the Parishad (rtd) Justice M S Parikh and the chancellor Parimal Nathwani. In his address, the chairman talked of pride and prestige of the ancient Indian culture and the importance of Sanskrit language. He also said that he was always available for the programmes of parishad and even for contributing towards the parishad's work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058486", "title": "Karan Jadeja caught in Ranavav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gangster Karan Jadeja, son of Godmother Santok Jadeja, who gave the slip to city police last month after getting caught from a liquor party, was nabbed near Ranavav by Porbandar police on Tuesday night. Police claimed that they got information on Jadeja's movement in an SUV when he was going towards Rajkot and caught him from the highway.In April, Vastrapur police had raided the Eden Garden Hotel on the SG Highway. Two couples were caught drinking liquor. Police arrested them and later released them on bail. Investigators then realized that one of the men was Karan Jadeja, who had assumed alias of Kamal Patel , a Rajkot-based businessman. Police then arrested two persons and started searching for Jadeja.Once the goof-up was confirmed by crosschecking photos, Vastrapur police issued summons to Karan and his friend Vishal Chandarana, who surrendered before police earlier this month. tnnDSP, Ranavav, S M Parmar told TOI that Porbandar SP Deepan Bhadran had got a tip-off that Jadeja was to pass from the highway to go to Rajkot to seek refuge. \"We kept a watch on the highway with personnel who knew Jadeja. He was found driving an SUV with two other men. He tried to flee but was soon overpowered by the staff members,\" he said.When contacted, Vastrapur police inspector M R Sharma said that a team will be sent to Ranavav on Tuesday night to get custody of Jadeja in case registered with the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13060645", "title": "Party rebels, Cong target BJP over HC verdict against JAL cement plant", "text": "SHIMLA: The judgment of Himachal Pradesh high court against Jaiprakash Associates Ltd (JAL) has created a political stir in Himachal Pradesh as opposition Congress and BJP dissidents have trained their guns on chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal , demanding his resignation for allowing the company to set up cement and thermal plants in the state.Political parties, which were silent on the issue before the verdict, have suddenly become vocal after the court slapped a penalty of Rs 100 crore. With assembly elections due later in the year, parties are trying to derive political mileage from the issue, sources said.While the opposition Congress has also demanded the resignation of chief minister, following the court verdict, joining them was suspended rebel BJP MP from Kangra, Rajan Sushant , who has launched a direct attack on Dhumal, alleging that the BJP government allowed the setting up of cement plant. Addressing mediapersons in Shimla on Monday, Sushant demanded a CBI inquiry into the matter and resignation of chief minister within 15 days, failing which, he has threatened to launch mass movement to expose corrupt deals by the government.However, CM Dhumal on his part has claimed that rules were flouted by JAL during the previous Congress government's reign. \"Going by the judgment, it becomes clear that decisions related to the controversial plant were taken during the previous Congress regime, but now it wants to blame BJP government on the issue,\" he said. Dhumal claimed that his government had wanted to cancel JP Industries' licence for running the cement plant, but considering the employment benefits to local people, it did not do so. \"Even the high court has not cancelled the cement plant's licence on similar grounds,\" he said.While politicians are busy in blame game over the issue, environment activists in the state are now demanding a probe into other ventures of JAL as well. Himalaya Niti Abhiyan convener Ghuman Singh has demanded that, in the wake of the recent court verdict, the Union government should order a CBI probe into the setting up of big hydel projects, cement plants and industrial units in the state during the last 10 years. \"Officials and politicians, found involved in giving sanctions in violation of norms during the probe, should be prosecuted,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058273", "title": "NMC 'separates' illegal part of 5-storey building", "text": "NAGPUR: In an unprecedented move that could simply be termed as a 'historic' step taken by the Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC), its anti-encroachment squad started separating an illegally constructed portion, around 4,000 sq ft, of a five-storey building at Laxmi Bhuvan Square on Tuesday.According to assistant municipal commissioner (Dharampeth zone) Mahesh Morone, the five-storey building is owned by Narendra Khoopchand Jain.Jain who also owns Milton shop near Sudama Theatre had, a couple of years ago, purchased the property from Muktaben Ravel.As per the sanctioned building plan of 1997, thebuilding was to be constructed only on a 500-sq-meter area. But Jain covered the back portion blocking both sides of the space left for exigencies.NMC has issued notices to 'owners' of illegal structures directing them to remove encroachments.Jain too was intimated by NMC's Dharampeth zone. Instead, he approached the district court challenging the notice. \"The court rejected his plea and issued an order in our favour,\" said Morone.On Tuesday, civic chief Sanjeev Jaiswal, additional deputy municipal commissioner Ravindra Kumbhare and deputy engineer Dilip Jamgade along with police commissioner Ankush Dhanvijay inspected the separating process of the illegal portion.Interestingly, Jain contacted the Dharampeth zone officials and even approached Sanjeev Jaiswal asking them to give him a couple of more days.Jaiswal did not relent and told Jain that he was given enough time. \"So no mercy,\" Jaiswal clarified.As the construction of the building was almost complete, NMC engaged a private firm. Armed with floor-saw machine, the employees cut the illegal part.\"For the first time, NMC is using such a mechanized way to separate illegal construction,\" Jaiswal said and pointed out that the other portion of the building will not be damaged. \"Once separated the illegal portion will be demolished,\" he claimed.Expenditure incurred on demolishing the unauthorized construction will be recovered from Jain, he added.Through the action, civic chief has made it clear that NMC will not tolerate a single violation of the sanctioned building plan. 718 buildings in city are already facing demolition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059206", "title": "Inauguration of Adajan flyover in a limbo", "text": "SURAT: Inauguration of the much-awaited flyover at Adajan is in a state of limbo with the work to erect electricity poles yet to be completed.Official sources said the contractor, who was given the work for erecting electricity poles on the flyover, has been facing action from Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC) for submitting fake documents for the job and that the standing committee is yet to take a decision on blacklisting him.\"The civil work of the flyover connecting Bhulka Bhavan to Sardar Bridge is over. We are awaiting erection of electricity poles on the bridge in order to start vehicular traffic,\" said Jatin Shah, city engineer.Sources said construction of Rs.28 crore worth of flyover connecting Sardar Bridge with Gujarat Gas Circle at Adajan started two years ago. The 1339 metre long flyover was planned to ease the traffic flow in Adajan.The deadline for the completion of construction work was set for June 2011. However, the contractor failed to meet the deadline after facing many hurdles like shifting of the drainage, water and other underground service lines in the entire stretch from Sardar Bridge to Gujarat Gas Circle.In the past, residents of Adajan have registered a strong protest against the civic body and the bridge contractor for constructing the bridge at a snail's pace and thereby creating traffic and other civic issues.Last year, the residents of Ankur society had blocked the traffic on the main thoroughfare at Adajan to protest the delay in the construction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060399", "title": "Case registered against BSP leader", "text": "LUCKNOW: Gorakhpur police on Tuesday registered a case against BSP leader Rambhuwal Nishad and his three aides in connection with Monday's shootout, in which six gunmen attacked rival gangster, who is also said to be a worker of the ruling SP. Rambhuwal, who was given ministerial status by the previous Mayawati regime, has been booked for conspiring to kill Pappu Nishad, member of the Mumbai-based gangster Ravi Pujari.The shootout brought to the fore that gangs are now active again in the state and have no fear of the police. The rivalry between Rambhuwal and Pappu started in recent assembly elections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13058945", "title": "Wild tusker raids Hazaribag village", "text": "HAZARIBAG: A single male tusker separated from its herd went on the rampage, forcing villagers to leave their homes in panic and shift to safer places, according to official reports received here on Tuesday.Forest department officials of the Hazaribag (west) division said the elephant created havoc at village Danto under the Katkumsandi police station and several villages under the Ichak police station during the last 48 hours.The male tusker attacked five houses and property worth lakhs of rupees were damaged at Danto village. The panic-stricken villagers rushed to Hazaribag and Katkumsandi block headquarters and also met deputy commissioner Manish Ranjan and narrated their woes.On getting information, Ranjan visited Danto village and met the affected villagers. He instructed Hazaribag (west) DFO and Hazaribag wildlife division DFO R N Mishra to provide immediate relief to the villagers.The DC also ordered distribution of 20 kg of rice and 20 litres of kerosene to each of the victims. as compensation. According to villagers, the tusker also damaged standing crops before targeting the villagers houses.The DFO said the villagers and forest department staff have been asked to remain alert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058623", "title": "Research on to make Kesari dal safe for consumption", "text": "HYDERABAD: With research on Kesari dal proving beyond doubt that its consumption would result in paralysis, scientists are now exploring the possibility of removing toxicity from the dal at the cultivation stage itself so that it can be safely consumed by common man.An international conference on 'Recent trends in Lathyrus Sativus research' will be organised in the city on November 8-9, 2012 on how to facilitate consumption of Kesari dal, without the toxicity that leads to paralysis. \"The benefits of consumption of Kesari dal are plenty. But our experiments had proved that consumption of high quantity of Kesari dal would result in paralysis, but we are not stopping at that,\" said Dr Arjun L Khandare, deputy director, Food and Drug Toxicology Research Centre (FDTRC), National Institute of Nutrition (NIN).At the request of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), NIN had conducted studies on a goat at the Acharya N G Ranga Agricultural University (Angrau) feeding it with huge quantities of Lathyrus grain, which are known to contain a particular neurotoxin called Oxalyl diaminopropionic (ODAP). This resulted in the goat developing paralysis.The study had been undertaken at the instance of the planning commission due to the demand made by some activists to lift the 50-year-old ban on cultivation of Kesari dal in the country. Some states like Bihar , Madhya Pradesh , Chhattisgarh and West Bengal , however, allow cultivation of Kesari dal. According to Dr Khandare, Lathyrus Sativus is a rich source of protein, carbohydrate, arginine and non-protein amino acid homoarginine, which makes it versatile compared to other available pulses. \"In fact, it can be cultivated without water also. Kesari dhal is also less expensive compared to other dals available in the market,\" Khandare said.The question before scientists now is to make consumption of Kesari dal safe. For this purpose, an international conference is being organised by NIN-ICMR in the city in which researchers, agriculturists, farmers, biomedical scientists, toxicologists, clinicians, food and feed technologists from the country and abroad are expected to participate. It may be mentioned here that Kesari dal was a popular food crop in the world until it was proved that consumption of it would result in neurolathyrism.The scientists are now focusing to make Lathyrus Sativus safe for consumption by reducing the ODAP to very low level using detoxification methods and also through genetic modification. This will make it a very highly beneficial food supplement and cost-effective as well. Such a move by scientists should bring cheer to Dr Shantilal Kothari, president, Academy of Nutrition Improvement, Nagpur, who has been spearheading a movement in the country for lifting ban on the cultivation of Kesari dal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058702", "title": "Power woes: CM blames Centre", "text": "HYDERABAD: For a change, industrialists from India Inc and Andhra Pradesh Inc were in for a shock of sorts on Tuesday as an emboldened chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy laid the blame for state's power woes squarely at the doorstep of the Congress-led government at the Centre.\"Andhra Pradesh is not a power shortage state. The only shortage we are facing is because of the policy of the Government of India,\" Reddy said pointing out how half of the gas-based power generation capacity in the state was lying idle due to non-supply of gas.\"We have 2700 mw of capacity in gas-based power generation of which 1300 mw is lying idle because of non-availability of gas. If gas was available, there would be no shortage of power in Andhra Pradesh,\" the CM said at the Federation of Indian Chambers of Commerce and Industry (FICCI)'s national executive committee meet here.A surprisingly vocal CM also termed the idle capacity as a national waste and said that he had spoken to the Centre to take steps to ensure that the capacity is utilised. \"Each MW requires an investment of Rs 5 crore. A Rs 6,500 crore worth of capacity lying idle is a national waste. I have spoken to the PM and Jaipal Reddy and asked them to ensure that this idle capacity is utilized and the state does not suffer,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13057549", "title": "Rain gives Bangalore a welcome break", "text": "BANGALORE: The clouds played peekaboo for a week, watering hopes of a wet spell. On Tuesday evening, the skies finally burst open. Gusty winds followed by a downpour set the tone for a pleasant evening. Though several parts of the city were flooded, Bangaloreans cheered the showers that brought respite from the heat and humidity. The Met department recorded..... mm rain.\"The pre-monsoon season has set in. Now on, we can expect regular showers. Also, the trough of pressure between Vidarbha and South Tamil Nadu belt is likely to bring rainfall to Bangalore and the surrounding areas,\" said the duty officer with the Met department.The city recorded a maximum temperature of 34.5 degrees and minimum of 23.4 degrees Celsius. The mercury will plummet further if rain continues for the next two days, the officer said.\"The showers came as a big relief. The dry heat was making it difficult for us to step out in the afternoon. I hope the weather remains pleasant,\" said Sheela Ranganath, a homemaker from Malleswaram.But Richard Verghese, a senior citizen on Museum Road, said the ground realities can't be ignored. \"Rain has once again come as a wake-up call for the BBMP. The streets are already flooded and we expect it to only worsen during the monsoon. It is difficult to walk on our road.\"TRAFFIC JAMS UPAs usual, the heavy shower resulted in traffic clogs across the city. The BBMP control room reported tree falls on Hennur Road, Padmanabha Nagar, Dollars Colony and Banashankari 2nd stage, but there were no injuries.Commuters were stuck on flooded roads across Bangalore - from Kasturba Road, Hosur Road, Ring Road, Madiwala surroundings to Lalbagh Road.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy rushed to the control room to attend calls from citizens.More than 25 houses in DJ Halli ward in Bangalore East were inundated with rainwater mixed with sewage water. \"Construction of a storm water linking drain in DJ Halli is one of works I've been trying to pursue, but till now, nothing has happened. While the project cost is just Rs 50 lakh, BBMP has spent Rs 18 lakh in financial aid to houses inundated during the monsoon in the past two years. BBMP officials claim the files are missing ,\" said R Sampath Raj, DJ Halli corporator.Vidya Shankar, president of South Residents' Welfare and Cultural Association, BTM Layout, said, \"BTM Layout is a low-lying area, and gets water-logged. BBMP must desilt drains from Silk Board to HSR Layout, and remove plastic bags before the monsoon.\"Whitefield resident Reshma Kaur also complained of drain water overflowing on to the road and entering courtyards and gardens. \"This is a perennial problem with Borewell Road in Whitefield. When it rains, mud accumulates on the road and vehicles get stuck,\" she said.Water-logging was also reported in Nagarabhavi, Mysore Road, Gandhinagar and Nagavara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13060104", "title": "After blistering heat dust storms, rain bring respite", "text": "A short spell of rain along with thunderstorm lashed out city late in the evening giving a pleasant surprise to JAIPURities. The rain was reported across the city and neighboring areas followed by a fall in temperature. The rain lasted for 15-25 minutes in the city gave much respite form the humidity. The sudden spell has enthused city's young brigade who were spotted riding bikes on JLN Marg, Tonk Road, Vidhyadhar Nagar and other areas.Jaipur: The temperature took a dip on Tuesday providing respite from blistering heat conditions. Following overnight rain, temperature across the state dipped up to 4 degrees Celsius at many places. Jaipurites woke up to a pleasant Tuesday morning following the overnight rains as the city witnessed a maximum temperature of 24.4 degree Celsius. In the afternoon the city's maximum temperature was 39.6 while in the evening the Pink City witnessed hovering of the clouds. Many areas in the city witnessed dust storms followed by rain.The ongoing spell in which abnormal changes in the weather are being witnessed has also led to people thronging city hospitals including Sawai Man Singh (SMS) hospital complaining of viral fever and malaria.\"The footfall of patients with fever has gone up since April. Those suffering from viral fever including kids and women are coming to the OPD and such admissions have also gone up,\" said an official at SMS Hospital.Attributing the climatic changes to the passing of western disturbances from the north-western part of the state, the met office said that in the next couple of days dust storm and rain will occur in northern and western parts of the state. There would be fall in the day and night temperatures.Despite pleasant weather Churu remained hottest in the state with a maximum temperature of 43.2 degrees Celsius. It was followed by Sriganganagar with 43.1, Bikaner 41.6, Jaisalmer 41, Pilani 40.5 and Ajmer recorded a maximum temperature of 40 degrees Celsius.On Tuesday many places in the state witnessed hailstorm especially in the northern and western parts of the state. Chaksu village, nearly 30 kms away from the state capital also witnessed hailstorm.The met office said that the mercury would take a dip across the state. Rain and dust storm would also be witnessed in the northern and western parts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058475", "title": "Four nabbed for drinking in public", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police arrested four youths for drinking liquor near Vastrapur lake late on Monday. They were released on bail on Tuesday.A police team found the youths sitting in a car near the lake at 11.30 pm. When the cops asked the driver to lower the car window, they tried to flee. Police caught them from the spot and checked the interiors when they got to know that the youths were having liquor. The youths were identified as Ajit Khanna, 23, Steven Christian, 27, Vinesh Christian,18, all residents of Maninagar, and Ravi Shah, 25, a resident of Kheda.\"They said that they had got the liquor from Gomtipur and after having it, they had started off towards western city parts. We later informed their parents about the incident,\" said a cop. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "silchar", "code": "13059876", "title": "AU gives in to students' demands", "text": "SILCHAR: With an aim to quell the ongoing agitation by college students under Assam University, Silchar and members of the Barak Valley unit of the Assam College Teachers Association (ACTA), the AU authorities on Monday bowed down to the demands of the agitators.The academic council of AU, a central varsity situated at Dorgakona, 22 km from here, in a meeting on Monday amended clause 14 of the rules of the guidelines of the semester system (TDC course). According to the amendment, a student who has been admitted to the TDC first semester may be allowed to proceed to the next semester (up to the sixth semester) irrespective of number of back papers. The decision is in line with the demands of the agitating students.The 62nd meeting (emergent) of the AU academic council also decided that all first and third semester students shall be allowed to appear in the fourth semester examination, irrespective of the number of back papers in earlier semesters.The summer vacation for affiliated colleges for the academic session 2011-12 shall remain the same as scheduled earlier.The even semester examination for affiliated colleges for the academic session 2011-12 shall be rescheduled from June 25 to July 10 this year. The practical examination shall commence from May 10, the meeting decided. The submission of applications forms for the even semester examinations in the undergraduate colleges should be completed by May 18.The meeting of the academic council, which was attended by 60 members and presided over by acting vice-chancellor Tapodhir Bhattacharjee, also decided that the process of rectification of all erroneous marksheets should be completed within a period of seven days from the date of receipt of the same from different colleges, a communique by AU registrar (in-charge) Niranjan Roy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058728", "title": "Sakshi accounts frozen", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a move that is likely to affect the operations of Sakshi newspaper and Sakshi television, the CBI on Tuesday got the authorities of State Bank of India and Oriental Bank of Commerce to freeze the accounts belonging to these companies owned by YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy as part of its probe into the assets case it is probing.The accounts that were frozen were those of Jagati Publications , publishers of Sakshi newspaper, Indira Television, which airs Sakshi TV news channel, and Janani Infrastructure Pvt Ltd, which provides logistics and infrastructure to Sakshi newspaper and TV. All operations of these accounts have been frozen until further notice and the banks were directed to confirm the action on the CBI notices including the details of the accounts and the amounts that are deposited in it and the transactions that they carried out.In the notices issued to the two banks under section 102 of the CrPC, CBI SP and chief investigating officer H Venkatesh charged that Jagan's firms, Jagathi, Indira and Janani have been maintaining accounts in these banks and parked the ill-gotten proceeds of crime received from various sources under the guise of funds for conducting business.Swiftly reacting to the development, Jagan said: \"I expected this move from the CBI long ago. Without proving anything against me , the CBI is trying to kill the freedom of the press and democratic values in the country. But it cannot stop Sakshi and Sakshi TV for doing its job. They have already secured public support in a big way. The people will teach a lesson to all the forces behind this act.\"Sakshi newspaper and TV too condemned the CBI's action. \"This is nothing but attack on the freedom of the press.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060404", "title": "State government ready to provide land for AIIMS in Rae Bareli", "text": "LUCKNOW: Decks are being cleared for the establishment of first All India Institute of Medical Sciences in the state, with the Akhilesh Yadav government stating that it is ready to provide land and cooperate with the Centre for the project. The state government has informed the Centre that even if they want to set up the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Rae Bareli, the state government is willing to help with land and other issues, said an official release.The Samajwadi Party (SP) legislator from Sareni, Devendra Pratap Singh, has already identified 114 acres in Bannamau gram panchayat in village Chanda of Lalganj tehsil for the purpose.The proposal has reached chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and is being studied for further action. The sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Lalganj has already sent his report to the district magistrate and further action is currently underway, the release added.Government sources said that Bachrawan legislator Ram Lal Akela has also identified a land in his constituency, which also falls in Rae Bareli district, and that the government authorities were working overtime to study the proposal.The state government Tuesday also made it clear that it would extend all possible help to the Union health ministry to open an AIIMS-like institution in the state and would not let political differences stall the ambitious project. A state government spokesperson said that the Akhilesh Yadav government is in favour of a cordial centre-state relation and is more than willing to give land for opening up of such high-level medical institute in Uttar Pradesh.The development follows a recent statement by Union health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad that his ministry was keen on opening up an AIIMS in Rae Bareli, depending on availability of land. The government on Tuesday said the chief minister has made it amply clear that his government is ready to provide for such land, in Rae Bareli. \"The Samajwadi Party government is committed to provide the best medical care to its people and would not allow any political differences come in between,\" the spokesperson said .The AIIMS proposal for UP has been stuck for a long time with the previous Mayawati government not allowing it to come up due to a tussle with the Centre over the proposed location. While the Congress-led UPA government was seen as being keen on a location of its choice preferably in Rae Bareli-Sultanpur which constitute Gandhi family bastion, Mayawati wanted it to come up in Bundelkhand to achieve political ends. The government clarified that the Planning Commission's Steering Committee on Health had, in 2011, suggested opening of four new prototypes of premier AIIMS in addition to the eight already approved, by the end of 2017.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059183", "title": "Vice-chancellor protests on behalf of Kerala varsity", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The inauguration of the work on the international stadium being built at Kariavattom for the 35th National Games on Tuesday also turned a venue for the Kerala University to mark its protest.Vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan, who was among the speakers at the function, made strong remarks against the National Games secretariat for snubbing the Kerala University while organizing the function. He said that it was inappropriate on the part of the games secretariat to exclude the university from organizing the function as the land for the stadium belonged to the university.When contacted, he said that the university should have been one of the hosts for the function. \"The land still belongs to the university. It has only been leased out to the games secretariat for constructing the stadium. So the invitation for the function should have been a joint one. We were not informed about the function and we came to know about it when I received an invitation to offer felicitations at the function,\" he told TOI. After the VC's office protested, the invitation was reprinted to make him one of the distinguished speakers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13058853", "title": "PGI docs on mass casual leave today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bringing to a halt the essential patient services at the PGI, over 1,500 resident doctors posted at all the patient care areas except ICUs and emergency services will go on a day's mass casual leave on Tuesday. Over 6,000 patients visit the out patient department every day. A fortnight ago, nurses had observed a day's mass casual leave which had paralysed the institute's work. The decision came following a late night meeting of the association of resident doctors (ARD).\"The decision of the administration is too late, too little\", the ARD said.The ARD came to this decision after the committee which had been constituted to probe the allegations of a PGI doctor being manhandled and locked in a washroom by an Operation Theatre technician issued show cause notice to technician and transferred him to tetanus ward.The doctors however had been demanding his suspension.The committee which had been constituted under the headship Y K Batra on May 6 was to submit its findings on Monday. According to official sources, Gurpreet Sethi, the OT technician and the resident doctor Ajay Mishra were called to produce evidence in support of their allegations.\"Gurpreet was asked if he had refused to accompany Dr Ajay to shift the patient for MRI scan. He has asked for 20 days to respond with proof to the committee. He also demanded copy of the complaint filed by Dr Mishra,\" said Jagjit Singh , president of the OT technician union. The OT technician union has accepted the decision. \"However we will not let the doctors suspend him. When the resident doctors agitate on this issue, we will only support our technician. We will not intervene as a union. But if the doctors stick to their demand of suspending Gurpreet, we will support him,\" said Jagjit.The resident doctors had been on fast on Monday to protest the behaviour of the technician. \"We have been told to submit proof to endorse our charges against the technician. We don't want patient care to suffer, so we will go on mass casual leave. But work in the emergency services will not be disrupted. The technician should have been transferred three months ago when complaints were made to the higher-ups,\" said president of the association of resident doctors.According to official sources, police officials and both presidents of resident doctors and OT technicians' unions in the presence of director PGI, Dr Yogesh Chawla were called to settle the matter amicably.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13056755", "title": "TP's murder: Congress mounts attack on CPM", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Congress seems to be on an overdrive in its attack against CPM for its alleged role in the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala said MLAs from LDF's constituent parties are convinced about the CPM's role in the killing as they stayed away from the Left front delegation that visited Onchiyam on Tuesday.He said even the statements of Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan reflected his protested against the party's stand on the issue.\"The LDF MLAs stayed away from the delegation which visited Onchiyam today as they are convinced about the role of CPM in the murder,\" he said speaking to mediapersons at the Kozhikode Guest House.Later inaugurating the day-long satyagraha Ma Nishada organized by the Mahila Congress at Mananchira on Tuesday to protest against TP's murder, Chennithala said the probe into 'the killing is leading to the role of CPM leadership in the conspiracy'. \"After hatching a conspiracy and implementing it using a quotation gang, the party is now spinning out imaginary stories to cover up its involvement. It is clear to everyone that the killing was part of the conspiracy hatched by CPM leadership. The enquiry into the case is also moving in that direction,\" he said. Chennithala said the CPM had been perpetrating violence against the leaders and workers of the RMP ever since it was formed in 2008. \"The way the gruesome murder was committed is also conspicuous. The murder has exposed the true face of the CPM. Why should anyone inflict 52 wounds on the head just to kill a person,\" he said.Mahila Congress president Bindu Krishna, IUML leader KNA Khader, MLA, KPCC general secretary P Sankaran and DCC president KC Abu attended the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13058160", "title": "Police use canes to disperse farmers", "text": "HUBLI: Thousands of farmers who had gathered at the Agricultural Produce Marketing Committee (APMC) premises here on Tuesday to buy cotton seeds went berserk as they were faced with severe shortage of Kanaka variety of cotton seeds. Police resorted to mild caning to disperse farmers, who were jostling and pushing each other to buy the seeds.About 8,000 farmers had queued up to buy 'Kanaka', a high yeilding variety Bt cotton seeds from the APMC here since Monday night. When distribution began, a near stampede situation was witnessed and police resorted to mild lathicharge to bring the situation under control.Buoyed by the good returns they got from the Bt cotton seeds in the last couple of years, farmers of several districts in north Karnataka including Dharwad and Haveri are after the Kanaka variety of Bt cotton. The firm which produces Kanaka variety seeds has supplied 18,051 packets in Karnataka and Haveri district got 3,181 packets, officials of the agriculture department said. Anticipating shortage of Kanaka seeds, farmers from various villages started arriving at APMC center from Monday night to buy the seeds.Other variety cotton seeds are available and there is no shortage of seeds, SK Kemparaju, joint director, agricultural department, Haveri, said. However, farmers have been making attempts to procure Kanaka variety seeds, the officials said.About eight farmers suffered minor injuries in the incident. DSP HL Singhad and a constable also suffered injuries in the incident.Following the lathicharge incident in Haveri, the authorities suspended sale of similar seeds in Shiggoan and Savanur in the district to avoid any untoward incident as farmers had gathered in good number in these places also, officials said.Top police officials including SP Chetan Singh Rathore visited the spot. Rathore told TOI that police tried their best to control the rush. Some farmers were injured after falling on fence in the premises, he said.The BJP government came under sharp attack for the police firing in which a farmer was killed in Haveri on June 10, 2008, barely 10 days after the saffron party assumed office. The police fired at farmers who went berserk at a shop where chemical fertilizers were sold.Farmers Basalingappa Kulkoti, Suresh Gungatti and others told TOI: \"We fail to understand why the government is not making arrangements to supply enough Kanaka variety seeds though there is huge demand for it. Kanaka seeds give excellent yields, so we don't want to compromise with any other seeds.\"Katti seeks report!Meanwhile, agriculture minister Umesh Katti said he had sought a report on the lathicharge from the district deputy commissioner and superintendent of police. Speaking to reporters in Bangalore, Katti said the government would ensure supply of all variety of seeds to farmers and appealed them to maintain peace. Katti said it was expected that Bt Cotton would be sown in about 4.90 lakh hecatres during this Khariff season in the state.The minister described the protest by farmers as \"politically motivated\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057668", "title": "Motorman foils Metro suicide bid", "text": "KOLKATA: A 71-year-old man from Tollygunge survived a suicide attempt at the Jatin Das Park on Tuesday evening. Services were disrupted for about 35 minutes.Shyamsundar Mukherjee jumped on the tracks in front of a Kavi Subhas-bound train at 7.12pm. The motorman applied emergency brakes but the man was hit and he fell on the track bed. Initially, officials felt that he was dead. When they brought him up to the platform, he moved and was shifted to SSKM Hospital. His daughter was informed and she is attending to him in hospital. Normal services resumed at 7.50pm. This is the 239th suicide attempt till date. The number of those who survived is 118.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060197", "title": "Jaypee team meets top officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: With a view to pushing the Yamuna Express Highway project in the right direction, a nine-member team of Jaypee Group, led by executive chairman Manoj Gaur, met top UP government officials on Tuesday. Though the discussion was largely of an informal nature, the thrust of the meeting was on getting the government to name a date for inaugurating the Rs 11,000 crore, 165.5 km, six-lane, access-controlled expressway project.Speaking to TOI, IIDC Anil Kumar Gupta said: Jaypee group has no clearances pending at the state government level. Once we receive a survey report from Yamuna Expressway Industrial Development Authority assuring us that everything is in order, we will be ready to throw the expressway open. The government is clear that we want the road to be made functional.''Before the expressway can be thrown open to the public, there are at least a few things that still need to be decided by the state government in tandem with the developers. On one hand the maximum speed at which vehicles will be allowed to travel on the expressway is still to be finalized - this will be done by the state transport authority - on the other, the amount of toll tax to be collected by the Jaypee Infrastructure also remains to be decided.This apart, the developers are also in the process of putting in place an automated toll plaza, along with facilities for mobile patrolling and facilities for emergency medical care.Originally, the Yamuna Expressway was meant to be inaugurated in December, 2011. However, due to the assembly elections in the state and some part being still incomplete, the opening was delayed. Further delays were also caused because of a massive bureaucratic reshuffle at the top after the SP government took over in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060201", "title": "Missing persons' families not cooperating in tracing them, govt tells court", "text": "JAIPUR: In a reply to a petition seeking Rajasthan High Court's intervention in tracing a staggering number of people missing from the state-nearly 10,000 over the past eight years--the state government has blamed victims' family members for their alleged non-cooperation in finding them. According to the petitioner's advocate, the state government said the police could not trace many of the missing persons mentioned in the petition due to the non-cooperation of the family members.The state government also claimed that only 6,000 persons went missing over the past eight days, as against 10,000 mentioned in the petition. Petitioner's advocate AK Jain said that lack of seriousness on the part of the police in tracing these missing people is evident by the fact that even the ZIP NET portal from which the data about the missing people was collected by the petitioner, is not updated. The petitioner claimed that this could lead to several confusions.The petitioner, Krishna Kukkad from one Anti-Social Activities Prevention Society, had filed the petition in the high court in February. He claimed in his petition that many of the missing persons, especially teenaged girls, are likely to have fallen prey to human trafficking gangs. The high court in March sought an explanation from the home secretary and the director general of police (DGP) over the efforts made to trace the missing people.\"We had cited several examples of missing children in our petition. Pointing out these specific examples, the government submitted in the court that many of these children could not be traced due to non-cooperation of the victims' family members,\" said advocate AK Jain.\"One may wonder as to what happens to those children who go missing. Do they fall victim to the child adoption rackets or child kidnappers who would force them to join the army of beggars or prostitutes? The percentage of missing children who remain untraced is consistently on the rise in the state,\" Jain said.The petitioner has sought four weeks' time to submit reply in the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pudukkottai", "code": "13059149", "title": "5.6 lakh cash seized from two people in Pudukkottai", "text": "PUDUKKOTTAI: District collector V Kalaiarasi on Tuesday said that any amount in cash in excess of Rs two lakh without proper documents would be confiscated as the model code of conduct for the Pudukkottai assembly constituency byelection has already been enforced. The collector issued a statement after a flying squad confiscated Rs 5.6 lakh from two persons within the limits of the constituency on Tuesday.The flying squad had intensified the checking of vehicles entering into the constituency from various entry points and confiscated Rs 2.44 lakh from Easwaralal Patel at Malaiyur. Patel said he was coming from Ariyamangalam in Trichy and the money was the proceeds accruing out of a timber sale. However, the police personnel were not satisfied with his answer as Patel did not have any valid documents to prove his case.Similarly, Rs 3.16 lakh in cash was confiscated from the car of one Dharisanam from Alangudi at Nathampannai in Pudukkottai taluk. Dharisanam told the police he was returning after purchasing gold ornaments for the marriage of his granddaughter and that the cash was what remained after the purchases were made. But the police personnel were not ready his believe his version and seized the cashMeanwhile, the collector tested the electronic voting machines (EVMs) in the presence of the representatives of the political parties. Kalaiarasi said the testing of EVMs would go on for two more days - Wednesday and Thursday - and a random 10% of the total number of machines would be tested. A minimum of 1,000 votes could be cast in each voting machine in order to test the viability of the machines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059292", "title": "'State sports council willing to take over golf course'", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Hardly a week after chief minister Oommen Chandy referred to the golf club as a loss to the exchequer, the Kerala State Sports Council has expressed its willingness to take over the golf course which is currently under the possession of the government.\"We will only be happy if we are entrusted with the golf course,\" said sports council president Padmini Thomas during a press meet here on Tuesday. She said that the council is considering a proposal to be submitted to the government regarding the administration of golf course at Kowdiar. \"We know that the final decision has to come from the government. The council only wants to express its readiness, said Padmini. This is not the first time that the sports council has openly declared readiness.While the legal battle between the LDF government and golf club over the administration of course was going on at the Supreme Court, the state government had expressed its wish to hand over the management of the golf course to the state sports council.\"We had then planned to involve the sports council to manage the activities in the golf course,\" former revenue minister K P Rajendran told TOI. The then sports council president had issued a formal communication to the government that it was ready to manage the golf course as golf was recognized as an Olympic event.\"Also, the sports council president was one of the members of the committee to manage the golf course,\" senior sources in the revenue department told TOI. The plan did not materialize as the club came up with the argument that the sports council was unreliable in its activities and that it cannot be entrusted with the course.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13060503", "title": "Businessman, wife commit 'suicide'", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A businessman and his wife allegedly committed suicide in Badagada Brit Colony here on Tuesday. The incident came a day after a man attempted to kill his wife and himself over family feud in Unit-II area.In the latest incident, police, basing on initial investigation said the couple, Manoj Panigrahi and Mami, ended their life by consuming pesticide. Police said the couple also tried to poison their elder son Manas (7), who escaped. The deceased have a four-year-old daughter, whom they did not harm, police said.\"Marital discord could be the prime reason for the couple to end their lives. Their son, who was also poisoned, however, ran out of the house and informed his uncle,\" Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said. \"The boy was immediately rushed to Capital Hospital. He is safe,\" Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13060654", "title": "Mother-son duo arrested for involvement in kidney racket", "text": "MOHALI: The kidney racket, unearthed some time back, has apparently spread across the tricity through a long chain of over two dozen persons, including those who used to keep a tab on kidney patients and their family members.A day after arresting a technician of Surya Kidney Hospital, Sachin, from Burail in Sector 45, Chandigarh, police have arrested two more persons, Abhishek Anand, 30, and his mother Manju Anand, 50, on Tuesday.Abhishek is a beneficiary involved in the racket while Manju was arrested for assisting the gang members. The mother-son duo was arrested from their house in Bitna colony in Pinjore area of Panchkula district. Police in Panchkula has been informed about their arrests, sources said.\"Manju was aware about the misdeeds of accused technician Sachin and that he had tampered with the blood samples of victim Ikramudin and her son, prior to the operation of Abhishek,\" they said. Manju and Abhishek had paid Rs 2 lakh to the accused persons for transplanting the kidney of Ikramudin to accused Abhishek.SP (security), Swarandeep Singh, head of SIT, said, \"The accused are being interrogated to ascertain details of others involved in the racket. Sachin was sent in police custody for four days on Tuesday.\"Police sources said that a scrutiny of call details of the three arrested persons have reportedly established that they were in contact with each other for a long time. Details and phone numbers of some more suspects were being verified, they added.A senior police official said, \"As per their modus operandi, racket members do not show the original addresses of patients and donors in the records of hospital, where the transplants take place.\"The scam was unearthed following the arrest of some key members of the gang in Lucknow by UP police. A team of UP police had visited Mohali in January, 2012 in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13059810", "title": "Nagaland celebrates Red Cross Day", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland celebrated the World Red Cross Day, the birth anniversary of Jean Henri Dunant, the founder of the Red Cross Society on Tuesday with the rest of the world. The Indian Red Cross Society, Nagaland (IRCSN) celebrated the day with a tree plantation drive in Kohima with the theme 'Youth on the Move'.Nagaland governor Nikhil Kumar , who is also the president of IRCSN said, \"We celebrate the World Red Cross Day on May 8 by remembering Jean Henri Dunant, the Swiss national, who, deeply affected by the miseries and sufferings of both the combatants and civilians in the Austro-Sardinian War, began this great movement.\"\"The movement that began with the primary aim of providing relief and nursing care to those wounded in armed conflicts, has grown to be a worldwide phenomenon based on the principles of humanity, impartiality, neutrality, independence and voluntary service,\" he said.The governor added, \"The society has expanded its activities by providing relief to victims of natural disasters, educating populations in disaster preparedness, providing necessary equipment to aid disaster relief operations and supplementing local health care systems wherever possible.\"\"It believes in humanitarianism and conforms to the Geneva Convention; in all its activities today, it is paying tribute to its founder and all those persons who have worked to build this organization,\" he maintained.The governor further said that the IRCSN has been doing commendable work in the state. \"I congratulate the society for its humanitarian work, for its selfless devotion to providing relief to the needy, educating people about challenges to our society and ways and means to counter them and, above all, creating a society that is free of conflict and is committed to peace and harmony,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059190", "title": "Now, a painless cure for sinus infection", "text": "SURAT: There is good news for patients suffering from sinus infection. For the first time, doctors at a city hospital successfully treated sinus infection by conducting sinuplasty - a method of sinusitis management using balloon - on a patient on Tuesday.Noted ENT surgeon Dr Farida Wadia, who conducted the sinuplasty, said, \"The procedure is popular in western countries for the past seven years and has come to India just recently.\"Dr Wadia said balloon sinuplasty takes just few minutes and there is no incision or cutting involved in it. A balloon devise is pushed into the affected area in the sinus through its natural ostium or opening and then inflated. tnn\"This is a very delicate procedure, which only an expert doctor with trained support staff can do successfully,\" she said.\"Till now doctors have been enlarging the sinus openings by cutting out inflamed tissue and bone. This procedure is very painful and can cause extended periods of swelling and the scar tissues may re-block the sinus. But sinuplasty is very effective and a painless procedure,\" Dr Wadia said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058488", "title": "Double murder accused flees from courtroom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The main accused in case of double murder of NRI mother and daughter in Gandhinagar escaped from a courtroom on Tuesday morning.Aamin Badshah Mansuri, 27, a resident of Sector 6, was arrested in May 2011 for killing his neighbours Madhu Trivedi, 52 and her daughter Nupur, 28, a doctor, in their house and stealing valuables on April 21. Nupur had come to Gandhinagar for her marriage from Florida , US, and her mother had accompanied her for shopping before the wedding.Nupur was found dead from the ground floor of the house whereas Madhu's body was found on the first floor. Their throats were slit by a knife. The incident took place barely a week before Nupur's wedding.Mansuri managed to escape from a courtroom in Gandhinagar during the case's hearing on Tuesday morning. Gandhinagar police was put on high alert after the incident and major roads out of the district were barricaded.Investigators said that Mansuri was close to the family and had made a plan to rob around 800 grams of gold ornaments that Nupur had bought for wedding. Police had also arrested two more - Rakesh Parmar, 26, a resident of Sector 17; and Shashikant Makwana, 24, a resident of Vavol, Gandhinagar - for their involvement in the crime and recovered Rs 7 lakh.Sector 7 police officials said that Mansuri was brought to the district court accompanied by police personnel on custody duty. Soon after he entered the courtroom, Mansuri fled from an exit and opened a sliding window. He then jumped off the window and fell on a tin roof above court parking lot.The policemen came out with and tried to catch him but he jumped off the roof and then started running in direction of exit. Soon, he was picked up by his accomplice on a bike and they zoomed off from the spot.When contacted, in-charge superintendent of police Usha Rada told TOI that soon after the message was relayed, the district's entry and exit points were sealed and vehicle checking was intensified. \"We have sent Mansuri's photograph to the state control and have informed nearby districts about the escape. Search for him is on,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058521", "title": "Karan Jadeja caught in Ranavav", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Gangster Karan Jadeja, son of Godmother Santok Jadeja, who gave the slip to city police last month after getting caught from a liquor party, was nabbed near Ranavav by Porbandar police on Tuesday night. Police claimed that they got information on Jadeja's movement in an SUV when he was going towards Rajkot and caught him from the highway.In April, Vastrapur police had raided the Eden Garden Hotel on the SG Highway. Two couples were caught drinking liquor. Police arrested them and later released them on bail. Investigators then realized that one of the men was Karan Jadeja, who had assumed alias of Kamal Patel , a Rajkot-based businessman. Police then arrested two persons and started searching for Jadeja.Once the goof-up was confirmed by crosschecking photos, Vastrapur police issued summons to Karan and his friend Vishal Chandarana, who surrendered before police earlier this month. tnnDSP, Ranavav, S M Parmar told TOI that Porbandar SP Deepan Bhadran had got a tip-off that Jadeja was to pass from the highway to go to Rajkot to seek refuge. \"We kept a watch on the highway with personnel who knew Jadeja. He was found driving an SUV with two other men. He tried to flee but was soon overpowered by the staff members,\" he said.When contacted, Vastrapur police inspector M R Sharma said that a team will be sent to Ranavav on Tuesday night to get custody of Jadeja in case registered with the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057686", "title": "TMC threat: Congress seeks poll panel help", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after ruling out any poll alliance with Trinamool Congress for the June 3 elections to six civic bodies across the state, Congress on Tuesday asked the state election commissioner to ensure security of its candidates fearing intimidation from Trinamool Congress. The areas particularly mentioned by Congress include Haldia and Panskura municipalities in East Midnapore.In a letter to state election commissioner Mira Pande, Pradesh Congress general secretary Om Prakash Mishra wrote: \"I would like to draw your attention to the repeated and consistent threats and intimidation... by miscreants and political activists of Trinamool Congress... In many wards, potential Congress candidates were warned not to contest... In few of the wards our party could not file nomination due to the general lawlessness and fear psychosis...\"We are receiving complaints of harassment and intimidation of the Congress nominees in these two municipalities (Haldia and Panskura) and we fear that Congress nominees would be forced out of the election by securing their 'withdrawal' from the election. The last date for withdrawal of nomination is May 11 and if there are 'withdrawals', it would have been secured by strong arm tactics of the Trinamool Congress.\"Incidentally, the Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya had also complained to the state election commission after AICC member and Haldia observer Manoj Pande was reportedly abducted by Trinamool Congress supporters.\"WBPCC demands that both the general and police administration be directed to ensure security to Congress nominees' at least till May 11,\" Mishra wrote.\"We would like to urge you to ensure peaceful conduct of election,\" the letter read.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13058883", "title": "Punjab, Haryana spar over name of international airport", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The proposed international airport has got mired in another controversy, well before its take off. On Monday, the Punjab government claimed that the Centre has agreed in principle to name it \"Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport at Mohali\". Soon after, Haryana retorted strongly, saying it should be identified solely with Chandigarh. Rechristening of Chandigarh airport after its upgradation as international airport has been a contentious issue between its two main stakeholders - Punjab and Haryana. A release issued by the Punjab chief minister's office on Monday said: \"The government of India gave in principle approval to name the upcoming international airport at Mohali as 'Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport'\".It said the decision was taken by Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh in a meeting with Punjab chief minister in New Delhi on Monday. This elicited an immediate reaction from Haryana, asserting that the airport should be identified by \"name of Chandigarh alone\".Haryana principal secretary said they have informed PMO that Haryana government had decided to participate in this project only after a \"categoric commitment\" by the then civil aviation minister Praful Patel \"that the airport would be known as international airport, Chandigarh\".\"It was Haryana CM who had proposed the name Shaheed Bhagat Singh International Airport. They now want the credit for it,\" said Krishan Kumar Khandelwal, principal secretary, Haryana. The tussle between the two governments had escalated last year as well.The letter by Hooda, a copy of which is with TOI, said that \"all the JVC documents, including the MoU, clearly define the project as International Airport, Chandigarh and not Mohali\" as a commitment written on January 4, 2008 \"in the presence of all concerned including the chief minister of Punjab\".At present, the airport is being set up as a joint-venture company called CAIL (Chandigarh Airport India Limited), which has 24.5% stake each by Haryana and Punjab governments. The rest 51% stake is held by AAI.\"The name has to be decided by the company, AAI and government of India. Not by either of the state whether Punjab or Haryana. Let them propose the name, only cabinet will decide,\" said Rajat Gupta , civil aviation secretary, Haryana. Inquiries by TOI revealed that a final decision on the naming of the airport will be taken by the Union cabinet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13060017", "title": "Modi\u2019s SITcom", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-appointed special investigation team (SIT) has done much more than just giving a clean chit to Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi on allegations of his involvement in the 2002 riots. Not only does the report, submitted by SIT chairman RK Raghavan, exonerate Modi from the criminal charge of conspiracy and facilitating riots, it goes an extra mile to explain the efforts of an \"awfully busy\" Modi to protect the riot-affected and offer them relief and rehabilitation.Experts say the closure report is very different in spirit than the first report submitted by SIT member A K Malhotra, who had questioned Modi's actions on several counts including allegedly deputing cabinet ministers in police control rooms and his negligence towards the riot-affected . Raghavan's report claims Modi visited Gulbarg Society and Naroda Patia, which witnessed two of the worst massacres during the riots, and relief camps on March 5 and 6, 2002.Stating that the Army was called in well in time, the report further says, \"The CM was awfully busy with the steps to control the law and order situation, providing medical treatment to the riot victims, their rehabilitation, giving ex-gratia payment to the riot affect, NGO relief camps and with the payment of compensation for destruction of properties during the riots, and also with his efforts to restore peace and normalcy in the state.\"The closure report admits that the state government was wrong in not banning the BJP-supported VHP bandh on February 28, 2002, but in the same breath adds it doesn't amount to conspiracy. On charges of Modi issuing illegal instructions to allow Hindus to vent their anger, the SIT states, \"The chief minister emphasized that miscreants (in the train carnage case) should be apprehended and not allowed to escape. He was also concerned about the number of causalities in the incident. The CM had given directions that steps should be taken not to delay medical help for passengers and also to impose curfew to avoid any untoward incident, Godhra being a communally sensitive place.\" The SIT has also recommended to close the case by dubbing Zakia Jafri's complaint full of discrepancies and vague accusations, not specific allegation against individuals. \"IPS officer Rahul Sharma is shown as accused person, though Sharma is also the prime witness,\" it says.Activists allege the SIT stand has softened on Modi's controversial speech in Becharaji where he allegedly tried to incite sentiments with his \"Hum paanch, humare pachchis... \" remark, during Gujarat Gaurav Yatra in 2002. While SIT took a more harsh view in 2010, it decided to go easy on the remarks two years later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059107", "title": "Number of air passengers from Indore, Bhopal up", "text": "INDORE: Air passenger traffic from Bhopal and Indore has increased by 31.2% and 27.4% respectively during 2011-12 as compared to the previous year. This was revealed at the traffic survey summary conducted by the Airport Authority of India (AAI) on all operational airports in the country.Around 10,23,064 passengers traveled by air from Indore in 2011-12 as compared to 8,03,148 flyers in 2010-11. Similarly around 3,76,672 passengers traveled by air from Bhopal in 2011-12 as compared to 2,87,204 flyers in 2010-11.The rise in air passenger traffic is mainly because of greater air connectivity to new cities and an increase in air services. The survey also suggests that the aircraft movement in Indore has increased by 16.7%, while Bhopal it is 21.4%. Aircraft movement has registered an upward trend with 12,465 domestic aircraft movement being recorded at Indore airport in 2011-12 as compared to 10,685 domestic aircraft movement during 2010-12. Similarly 6,730 domestic aircraft movement was recorded on Bhopal airport in 2011-12 as compare to 5,542 domestic aircraft movement in 2010-11.Experts attribute the rise to increase in air connectivity of Indore to different parts of the country. In last five years, Indore has witnessed a rise of 300% in air passenger and the number of flights has increased from five to more than 40. However, for Bhopal year 2011 has turned out to be one of the most fruitful years. Airport director, Bhopal, ........Sharma said rise in air passenger traffic and aircraft movement has been attributed to the new airport terminal. About two years ago, Indore was only known airport in the state, now we have Bhopal too. Many airlines have routed their flights via Bhopal. Airport director of Indore, R N Shinde said the connectivity has improved so has the number of flyers. \"Right now we have 20 flights and 40 flight operation. One direct flight for Delhi will start soon,\" said Shinde.Manish Maheshwari of Destination at Door Step said, \"The number of air passengers have gone up due to increase in air connectivity from Indore. Till few years back Indore was connected to only Delhi and Mumbai, but today we have flights for cities like Kolkata, Raipur, Patna, Lucknow, Srinagar, Chandigarh, Bangalore, Hyderabad etc.\" Direct flights to new cities have brought down cost of travel and time.T K Jose of Jose Travel said that poor rail connectivity and deteriorating services in the trains have also played a role in increase in air passengers. \"People don't mind shelling out a few thousand extra bucks than their AC fair if they get a direct flight, where they can save time.\" He further said that rise in flyers is also indication of the growth of the city. \"Lots of people are going for holiday and business purpose and they prefer flights to save time. For a businessman loss of time is loss of money,\" he said adding flight of Srinagar are always full this indicate the mood of vacationers from the city. Supporting this regional director of MP State Tourism Development Corporation, M N Jamali said that better air connectivity has led to increase flyers and helped tourism. If people are using flight to go out for vacation and then people from different places are also coming to Indore for vacation and they have witnessed a growth of 15% tourists last year.However, travel operator believes that some destinations are still need to be connected. \"If we connect places like Chennai, Goa, Kochi and Udaipur then number of flyers will go further up,\" said Maheshwari adding that there are lots of people from South working in the city but we don't have proper connectivity.ity for Southern cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059065", "title": "Wife helps man rape newly wed woman", "text": "INDORE: A man has been accused of raping a newly married woman allegedly with the help of his wife and making an MMS as well as pictures of the heinous act with an ulterior motive to black mail her at the couple's Vikas Nagar residence in the city on February 26 last, said police. An offence has been registered against the couple, who is at large, under various sections of the IPC on Tuesday.Additional superintendent of police (ASP) Rakesh Singh said the accused identified as Rajesh Sahu and his wife Tannu alias Aruna are staying in a rented house in Vikas Nagar. The 23-year-old newly married victim, Rekha (name changed), too was staying next door on rent with her husband.On February 26, said the ASP, Tannu allegedly hatched the plot to trap the young woman. She invited the Rekha to her house in the presence of her husband and locked the door from inside. Tannu allegedly started passing vulgar comments to the victim saying that her husband Rajesh fell in love with her and he wanted to have 'relationship' with her.Rajesh too made some advances, which were objected by Rekha. However, the couple was undeterred, and Tannu allegedly helped Rajesh to rape the woman, said the ASP adding that the couple even made an MMS of the crime besides clicking a number of photographs on his cell phone of the victim.The incident had taken place on February 26 and Rajesh and Tannu had been blackmailing the victim using the MMS and the pictures for giving in to the carnal desires of Rajesh.Singh said the incident had come to light when the couple on Tuesday again threatened the victim to fall in line or else they would make the MMS and pictures public. \"This forced Rekha to come to the police and uncover the entire incident,\" said the ASP.The victim said that she was scared of the couple and did not dare to tell it anybody, including her husband, said the ASP quoting Rekha. But, the accused was continuously bothering her and demanding her to 'oblige' him.Both the husband and wife have been booked by the police under relevant sections of the IPC. Aerodrome police have booked husband and wife under section 376, 506 and 34 of IPC. The accused are on the run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060351", "title": "Lucknow Development Authority nod to 2,000 crore for city infrastructure projects", "text": "LUCKNOW: City infrastructure projects are set to take off with the Lucknow Development Authority (LDA) passing the nearly Rs 2,000 crore budget through circulation method. Of this, the LDA will spend a sum of around Rs 340 crore on land development and Rs 870 crore on construction of infrastructure facilities.The decision has been taken in the absence of LDA vice-chairman Rajiv Aggarwal who is on a three months leave. The vice-chairman also happens to be member of the LDA board which actually gives the nod to the budget.The budget (2012-13) categorically keeps in mind the state government priority areas like the IT park, Karpoori Thakur memorial and the JP international centre, for which the LDA has decided to allocate a sum of Rs 51 crore. Of this, a major chunk will be spent on JP International Centre which happens to come up in Vipin Khand near LDA headoffice in Gomtinagar. For the other two, an initial estimate of Rs 1 crore has been proposed. This may go up as the projects attain speed.While the IT Park is proposed to come up over an area of 25 acres on Kanpur road, the state government is in the process of finalizing the land for Karpoori Thakur memorial. As for the JP International Centre, its design has been drafted for the state government approval, sources said. Likewise, the Lohia Park will get a facelift at a cost of Rs 4 crore. PWD minister Shiv Pal Singh Yadav had recently undertaken an inspection of the park and had found glaring lapses on the part of maintenance.The budget, interestingly, also seeks to revive some of the dumped projects which could not take off because of the feasibility. LDA has also taken note of the international stadium which was though proposed by former chief minister Mayawati but could not take off. It was soon after Akhilesh Yadav assumed charge as the chief minister that cricketer Suresh Raina had visited him asking if the project could be taken up. The international stadium was proposed to come up at a site in Sultanpur road. That is, once again, close to the proposed IT city which the state government is planning to set up. LDA has proposed to allocate around Rs 50 crore for the international stadium, which, may come up under the public-private-partnership (PPP) model.Then, the budget takes note of the Aishbagh tower housing scheme which was quashed in 2010 after people did not turned up in enough numbers. The fresh budget seeks to spend Rs 15 crore on the housing scheme. Other apartment schemes like Shriti apartment in Janakipuram, which has been dragging its feet too have been given a preference. For this, the LDA will be spending a sum of Rs 45 crore.The LDA has also decided to spend Rs 100 crore for the Prabandh Nagar housing scheme which also could not take off because of a raging protest by farmers. The LDA hopes to infuse some life into the scheme by compensating the farmers. The rate at which the farmers will be compensated will, however, remain to be seen. Given the SP manifesto, farmers will be compensated at the rate of six times the DM circle rate.So is the case with Jankipuram extension which has been a neglected lot for past many years. According to LDA, the locality will get a facelift at a cost of around Rs 2.5 crore.The LDA has also approved construction of a ring road along the Indira canal. For this, the LDA approved a sum of Rs 20 crore.Construction of railway over bridges (ROBs) at crucial junctions like Malhaur station and Banthra crossing and also finds a mention in the budget. The ROBs will be constructed at a cost of around Rs 10 crore.LDA has also proposed construction of a 15 mld sewage treatment plant (STP) in Hardoi road. The plant, that is proposed to come up at a cost of Rs 10 crore, will be apart the existing STPs in Bharwara and Daulatganj. LDA also gave its nod to construction of a second gate at Charbagh railway station at a cost of Rs 20 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059061", "title": "Fuel stations flouting safety norms", "text": "RANCHI: The Monday night incident of a massive fire at a fuel station here proves the petrol pump owners are not following safety norms.In the past two months, deputy commissioner KK Soan held two meetings with the fuel station owners, asking them to follow safety norms. In the very first meeting, he had ordered the pump owners to install fire-fighting equipment at every petrol pump and to send the employees of every pump to a fire station to learn the basics of fire safety.Soan convened the second meeting almost 20 days ago as a follow up to the first, but realised that none of the petrol pumps had initiated any safety measures. \"I had given them one month time to install fire fighting equipment and send their employees for fire safety drills. But none of the owners took it seriously,\" said Soan.Reacting on the incident, Soan said, \"I have given the pump owners sufficient time and opportunity. I will now send fire officers to every petrol pump to check if the equipment are installed or not and whether employees are being sent for safety drills. Stern action will be taken against those defying the orders and their licence will be cancelled if needed.\"Fire brigade officer Suresh Prasad said, \"After the DC's orders, president of Petrol Pump Association came for a training. We have asked him to make a list and divide the pumps in groups so that we can decide the shifts. But after that they never approached us.\"Around 10 pm on Monday, there was a sudden chaos at the otherwise quiet locality near HB Road. People came rushing out of their homes and ran helter-skelter to save their lives after a huge fire broke out at a petrol pump of the locality. The fuel station is surrounded by buildings, both commercial and residential from all sides and had the fire remain uncontrolled for some more time, it would have engulfed the entire area.\"As many as 10 fire brigades were rushed to the petrol pump. Luckily there was no traffic rush on the road and we managed to reach on time. Or else god alone knows what would have happened?,\" said the fire brigade officer.A quick survey of the pumps revealed that most of them are located in densely populated areas. According to the Petroleum Act 1934, a petrol pump should be situated where human habitation is comparatively low and it should have a boundary wall of minimum six feet height, but barely one or two follow the norms.Altogether 14 petrol pumps are situated in densely-populated localities of the capital. Worse still, all of them are situated on smaller spaces as compared to petrol pumps on National Highways. \"It poses a danger to people residing in nearby localities. But it can be evaded if consumers are little cautious,\" Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers Association president Ashok Singh said.\"Though signboards prohibiting use of cell-phones are displayed at the petrol pumps, many use cells while getting their vehicles refilled,\" Singh added.Defending the petrol pump owners, executive member of Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers Association Kalika Shah said, \"When petrol pumps were constructed, the areas identified for the purpose were not densely populated. But gradually, many apartments and shops came up. Under the circumstances, what can the petrol pump owners do? We also have fire extinguishers in all the pumps and keep organizing mock drills.\"Alleging the government, Shah said, \"We did not get any guidelines from the ministry about keeping fire fighting equipment in pumps.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059229", "title": "Five more terror recruits surrender to ATS in city", "text": "MUMBAI: Five men who received terror training in Pakistan gave themselves up to the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) last month after reading about another terror recruit's change of heart in The Times of India.TOI had front-paged on April 3 the story of a twenty-something terror operative who approached the ATS and confessed to getting terror training in Pakistani militant camps. He told the agency that he had no wish to kill anyone or hurt the country. The MCom graduate was later given a Rs 25,000-a-month job on the police's recommendation.Following the appearance of the report, five others, all between the ages of 19 and 22, separately turned themselves in to the ATS. Hailing from different parts of Maharashtra, they had travelled to Pakistan in late 2010 and got coaching there for three months in \"using firearms, bomb-making, recruiting others, expanding the terror network, and in how to evade the police\". Four of the five, officers said, had travelled as a cell and the last independently. The last youth, thanks to his confessions, is today employed with a computer firm.\"He came to me through a journalist. He narrated his story and told me about the people who brainwashed and arranged his trip abroad,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. \"He broke down and said he had committed a mistake and had no intention to kill anyone. After checking his story, we found that he was feeling guilty and wanted to lead a peaceful life. We arranged a Rs 18,000-a-month job for him in a private company.\"The four others-one a BA student and three BSc undergrads-had a similar rethink. \"They told me that they did not want to be a part of any terror outfit since it could ruin their lives and their families,\" said Maria.The ATS chief said he first met the youths away from his office and asked them to immediately inform their parents. \"They later came to me with their parents. We recorded their statements, took down the details of the things they did at the training camps and assured them of help for reformation.\" Maria added that the ATS will ensure sure that no one harasses the youths.Police officers said the youths were paid Rs 1 lakh each for choosing to undergo terror training. One of the camps they were sent to is in Muridke, the same place where 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab and his associates were allegedly trained. The 26/11 terrorists were reportedly paid Rs 1.50 lakh each to attack Mumbai.\"The five youths were indoctrinated by showing propaganda videos. They told us that they got taken in and could not differentiate between right and wrong,\" said Maria. He added that the ATS is identifying potential terror trainees with the help of NGOs. \"There are boys who are part of sleeper cells and do not have an active role. I feel we should neutralize them,\" he said. \"An important part of this effort is to rid them of the feelings of persecution.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059284", "title": "BMC\u2019s claims on cut don\u2019t hold water, say locals", "text": "MUMBAI: Taps ran dry in the eastern suburbs on the second day of the water cut, however, BMC officials claimed to have restored supply to the affected areas.According to a hydraulic department official, workers had finished connecting a new pipeline and restored the supply of water to the suburbs. \"The work was completed on Tuesday and supply has been restored in the S ward,\" the official said.\"My family stocked up water as much as we could, but it was sufficient for a day. I had to purchase packaged drinking water for my family today,\" Chembur resident Kuldeep Singh said The water cut was imposed as the BMC is connecting the newly laid 3,000-mm pipelines to the existing old trunk mains along the Eastern Express Highway. On Monday and Tuesday, Nahur, Bhandup, Kanjurmarg and Vikhroli witnessed a 100% cut while Chembur, Ghatkopar and Mulund faced a 40% cut. The rest of the city experienced a 20% cut.\"We were prepared for the cut yesterday, however, it is impossible to store water for over two days. The BMC should have provided tankers at least for one day,\" said Sandra De'Souza, a Nahur resident. \"The BMC announced there would be a 40% cut but, we hardy got any water today. I have a family of five how do they expect us to survive without water,\" Ghatkopar resident Raju Shinde said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13059233", "title": "Surendranagar goes thirsty, Congress blames state govt", "text": "RAJKOT: If are you planning to visit Surendranagar, postpone it for a while. There is not enough drinking water in the town having a population of 2 lakh for the past two weeks. Its water requirement is 21 MLD.\"Our family members have been sitting near the water tap throughout the week in wait for water from nagarpalika. However, there seems to be no early end to our wait,\" said U B Rana, 45, a resident of Majdur Sangh Society, Surendranagar town.\"There are nine members in our family. Half of them spend their time collecting water from different places. One family member keeps a constant vigil on tap even during the night hours,\" he said.Surendranagar Nagarpalika vice-president Jashubha Zala said, \"Dholidhaja Dam is the only source for providing drinking water to Surendranagar. We had written to the state government three months ago informing it about a possible water crisis in the town. They told us that they will release Narmada water on May 15. There is an urgent need to give us Narmada water but the government is not keen because Surendranagar nagarpalika is ruled by Congress. If the state government fails to provide us Narmada water from May 15, we will go on a mass protest.\"An official said, \"On an average, 30 MLD water is being lifted from Dholidhaja dam and hence it is drying up.Narmada water is not provided on time, the situation would turn worse in Surendranagar.''Another official said, \"The water is no more potable. There is a need to filter it but when there is no electricity, this becomes impossible.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057428", "title": "Chess player hangs self", "text": "KOLKATA: Shanker Roy, one of Bengal's leading chess players, committed suicide in the early hours of Tuesday.Thirty-six-year-old Roy was found hanging at his North Kolkata residence around 4am. According to police officers, Roy hung himself from the ceiling fan of his room with his wife's dupatta. In his suicide note, Roy did not blame anyone for his death.Early investigation revealed that Roy had been suffering from depression for the past few years. He had attempted to take his life three-and-a-half years back by setting himself on fire. Timely intervention by family members had saved him then.Police said Roy's father, who was ill for a while, also committed suicide a few days ago. Till Monday night, in fact, the family was busy with the last rites of senior Roy.Shanker's suicide note suggests that he was depressed over the old burn wounds sustained during his previous suicide attempt as he could no longer bear the pain.Roy was one of the city's brightest chess players. He had shown promise as a schoolboy and made rapid strides to emerge as the national under-15 champion. He won the state championship four times on the trot between 1995 and 1998 and went on to claim the national rapid chess crown before becoming an International Master. He also held two Grandmaster norms, just missing out on the prestigious GM title.Roy represented India in several international tournaments in countries like Brazil, Romania , Russia and Singapore . An employee of Eastern Railway, he stopped playing on the professional chess circuit after participating in an international tournament in 2007 and took up coaching thereafter.After stints at the Alekhine Chess Club and Goodricke Chess Academy, Roy took charge of Diptayan Ghosh and helped him win the Asian under-12 title.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059210", "title": "Allot land free to attract private investment in education, says plan panel group", "text": "NEW DELHI: In order to attract private investment in higher education, the government should allocate land free of cost for 999 years to set up educational institutions, a plan panel committee headed by NR Narayana Murthy has suggested.The committee also argued that the contributions made by a corporate, a foundation or grant-making entity to higher education institutes should be eligible for deduction from taxable income to the extent of 300% of such contribution.Implicit disincentives in tax and trust laws to invest in higher education sector should be removed, it said.The land provided by the government to the private sector for setting up a new institution should have good air connectivity, along with high quality rail and road connectivity and well-developed social infrastructure, it said.Arguing that states should be encouraged to develop land banks for higher education institutes, the group said corporations having surplus land should be incentivised to give land or provide it on perpetual lease to new universities and institutions.Norms governing floor space index (FSI) for higher education institutes should be relaxed to encourage compact city campuses, subject to basic amenities such as hostels, sports grounds and other social infrastructure being met, it said.The panel wants the government to create enabling environment to ensure free exchange of ideas and movement of faculty and students. \"A 10-year multiple entry visa for multiple visits of six months duration for each visit for all academic and research visitors should be issued within 24 hours of application. A visa for five-year visit should be issues within five working days,\" it said in its report.It was argued that all academic and research visitors should be exempted from current visa regulations of minimum salary norms ($25,000 per annum).Ensuring easier access to finance for students was also on the mind of the committee as it recommended setting up of 'Indian Corporate Higher Education Scholarship' with a corpus of Rs 1,000 crore contributed by top 1,000 corporations. \"This scheme should be encouraged by the government by providing full matching grants as well as providing tax exemption of up to 300% for all contributions,\" it said. A 'National Education Loan Fund' of Rs 100,000 crore should be set up by public sector banks to disburse long-tenure loans.But the committee wanted these steps to be complemented by autonomy in charging fees, contending that the country needed an additional 26 million seats in the next 10 years.Another focus area was research as it suggested setting up a Rs 5,000 crore 'Indian Corporate R&D; Fund' with support from the Center and corporates.The group identified targeted outcomes such as upgrading of up to 75 'top class' universities and higher education institutions, setting up of 20 new 'world class' universities and higher education institutions and developing 20 new national knowledge clusters, along with mobilizing an additional 5,500 faculty members.To achieve these targets, the panel estimated an investment of Rs 40,000 crore during the five-year plan period with 50% support coming from corporate sector incentivised through suitable fiscal measures.Releasing the report, Planning Commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia pitched for raising fees by universities and providing easy finance for students to complete higher education. \"I am in favour of raising fees across the board and giving scholarship that will enable students to go to universities which actually do a good job,\" he said.HRD minister Kapil Sibal said: \"Private sector is not going to invest unless you give them appropriate environment and the fundamental (requirement of private sector) is land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058629", "title": "Bomb hoax at Shastri Bhavan keeps police on their toes", "text": "CHENNAI: Shastri Bhavan which houses several government offices, including the CBI office and the regional passport office, remained out of bounds for the public till 11.30am on Tuesday after a CBI inspector received an anonymous call at 1am saying a bomb would go off in the building.The Bomb Detection and Disposal Squad (BDDS) with sniffer dogs arrived at the complex on Haddows Road, Nungambakkam early in the morning and conducted searches, but found nothing. Finally the call was declared a hoax. CBI inspector Vallavan received the call at 1am on Tuesday. Based on his call to the control room, police teams scanned the complex.Police said they traced the caller, who happened to be a junior officer with a central agency, but no case was filed because an intra-departmental inquiry was ordered. \"We know who made the call. He had called from his mobile phone,\" Triplicane deputy commissioner of police S Baskaran told TOI.East zone joint commissioner S N Seshasai said police didn't pursue the case as the CBI officers did not prefer a complaint. \"There is no formal complaint yet,\" he said. Police sources said the CBI officers forwarded the details of the caller to IB officials in Delhi. Police said, however, inquiries are being made to find out the caller's intention. \"We understand that he was recently transferred to Anadaman and Nicobar Islands, and that he wasn't too happy about it,\" an officer said.Meanwhile, citizens and staff of the central government offices in Shastri Bhavan had a tough time as they were forced to wait on Haddows Road, in the scorching sun. Hundreds of people who had come to get passport applications and submit filled-in forms had to hang around for several hours. Finally, around 11.30am, people were let into the complex, but not before undergoing frisking and metal detector scans.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13056848", "title": "Ban only polluting industries: NEA", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Entrepreneurs' Association (NEA) has filed for impleadment in the case in which the National Green Tribunal ordered that no new industries be set up nor existing units be allowed to expand in Noida without its approval. In a hearing of the case on Tuesday, the tribunal has given time till July 3 to the industries' association for filing a regular application for impleadment.\"We have pleaded that the order of the tribunal be not made applicable to all categories of industries but only to those that are polluting in nature,\" said counsel for the association. \"The UP government has provided clearance to 256 categories that are non-polluting in nature. It should not be made mandatory for industries being set up or expanded under these specific categories to take approval from the tribunal,\" he added.The association has prayed that total ban on all industries would go against the very spirit of the constitution of Noida. \"Not only would the industries department of Noida Authority go defunct if clearances are required from the tribunal, but constitution of Noida would stand violated because it was formed primarily for industrial development,\" said the counsel.The Noida Authority, which had previously absented itself from the hearings of the tribunal, despite successive notices, has also filed its reply.The UP Pollution Control Board has also been directed to conduct a study of polluting industries. According to sources at the regional office of the pollution board in Noida, a categorization of polluting industries would be done and presented to the green tribunal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13057098", "title": "Cops unravel New York link to Sringeri idol theft", "text": "KOCHI: Three years after the trail turned cold in the sensational robbery of a centuries-old emerald idol of Lord Shiva from Sringeri Mutt in Kalady, Kerala police claim they have cracked the case. State crime branch officials said they suspect Subhash Kapoor, an UP-born US citizen and antique smuggler who runs a gallery in New York, and is the public face of a clandestine international racket in ancient artefacts.Kapoor is allegedly behind a number of idol heists from Tamil Nadu as well, and police here surmise that he is involved in the burglary of five idols, similar to the Sringeri one, from other temples in Kerala. A report of the economic offences wing of the Tamil Nadu police reveals that Kapoor runs a private museum called Art of the Past and an export company, Nimbus Import Inc, in New York. He specialises in shipping out and selling stolen antiques to museums, private collectors and dealers through a wide network ranging across India, Pakistan , Dubai , Hong Kong , Afghanistan , Bangladesh , Indonesia , Cambodia and Thailand .Kapoor was arrested in Germany in October 2011 following a red corner notice issued by the CBI with the help of Interpol . \"We will approach the TN police and are planning to make a joint effort to extradite him from Germany,\" a senior crime branch official, who requested anonymity, told TOI.Kapoor is believed to have masterminded the theft of 18 panchaloha idols from the Arulmigu Sundareswarar and Varadharaja Perumal temples at Suthamalli village in Ariyalur district on April 13, 2008. \"The TN police are already at his back in connection with the theft of antique idols from various temples in Tamil Nadu. We are now expecting to make a breakthrough in the Sringeri Mutt case also,\" the official said.The TN police report points out that antique idols were shipped from Chennai harbour to US in two batches between May and July 2006. Kapoor paid a dollar equivalent of Rs 1,16,37,694 from his account with HSBC Bank in New York to an accomplice identified as Sanjivi Asokan, suspected to be his point man in Chennai. Asokan was earlier arrested by a special team of the Kerala police in connection with the Sringeri case but it is only now that they became aware of his link with Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060266", "title": "Woman dies as lightning strikes hut", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 27-year-old woman died on the spot after lightning struck her hut, in which she was living near Karamadai on the outskirts of the city on Tuesday evening. Her husband also sustained severe injuries and has been admitted to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) in a critical condition.The deceased was identified as V Lakshmi, of Venmani Nagar in Karamadai. She was working as construction worker along with her husband K Veeran. The couple had two sons. On Tuesday around 6.40 pm, as it rained heavily with thunder and lightning. Lakshmi was talking over the mobile phone inside her hut and her husband was with her as well. A sudden lightning struck the hut and she died on the spot. Her husband was also affected critically. Karamadai police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059806", "title": "Class of 2010, but no degree certificates yet", "text": "MUMBAI: Several students who appeared for their final year exams in 2010 from colleges affiliated to the University of Mumbai are still awaiting their degree certificates. While the university claims that there are only a few cases, students were told by officials that the convocation certificates are yet to be printed.Students from the 2011 batch received their certificates a couple of months ago.Those planning to study abroad have to submit their degree certificates to the respective universities within a stipulated time.Sparsh Sharma, a students, said, \"We inquired at the university and were told us that the certificates are yet to be printed. I I have applied to a few universities abroad and need to submit my documents, including the convocation certificate, soon.\"Another student, Geeta Rawat, from Lokmanya Tilak College of Engineering, Navi Mumbai, said, \"My juniors passed out in 2011 and goy their degree certificates a couple of months ago. The college has been telling us that we will get the certificates soon for several months now.\"Another student claimed convocation certificates are a must for jobs in government and semi-government establishments. \"I appeared for my allowed-to-keep-term paper in December 2010 and I received my marksheet in March 2011. Over a year later, I am yet to get my degree certificates,\" said the student.Director of examinations Subhash Deo said, \"There are a few students from the 2010 batch whose certificates are pending. If they approach me, I will take up their case and ensure they get their certificates soon. Students have been misinformed about their certificates not being ready, which is not the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058337", "title": "'Rs 2L stolen from luggage on plane'", "text": "NAGPUR: A businessman has claimed that cash 2 lakh kept in a bag was stolen after the luggage was checked into a flight from Pune to Nagpur on Tuesday morning.Amar Bhandarwar, a resident of Hinganghat, had boarded the flight from Pune to Nagpur on Tuesday morning. He said that he had kept the cash in the bag and learnt about it being stolen when he reached home. Bhandarwar then approached Sonegaon police station to lodge a complaint.Cops immediately interrogated the airport security authorities. The authorities also checked the footage from security cameras at the airport but nothing fishy was noticed. Police said they even checked the footage of scanning machines, but the department authority said the machines stores video of only ten pieces of luggage.Bhandarwar said the cash might have been stolen either from the scanning department at Pune airport, in the flight or while the bag was being unloaded at the Nagpur airport.Sonegaon police have filed a complaint and since the crime spot is not yet confirmed, the complaint will be sent to Pune police to investigate the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059887", "title": "Centre wants to withdraw 2G review from Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Tuesday decided to withdraw from Supreme Court its petition seeking a review of the apex court's 2G judgment, which prescribed auction as the sole method for allocation of natural resources, realizing that the limited reconsideration that the court agreed to would not address all its worries.With this, the government's hope for a judicial relook at the apex court's verdict now rest on the outcome of the presidential reference seeking a complete reconsideration of the principle inherent in the 2G judgment.Govt banks on presidential referenceGovernment had also feared that the review petition, while yielding little, would have restricted its maneuver space until it was decided. On the other hand, the presidential reference covered all the issues on which the government wanted the court to take a comprehensive relook at its 2G order.On April 13, that is a day after the President sent a reference to the Supreme Court, a bench of Justices GS Singhvi and KS Radhakrishnan permitted a limited review of its February 2 judgment cancelling 122 telecom licences. The bench said it understood the government's anxiety relating to auction of mining leases and confined the Centre's review to that aspect only.The government had questioned the auction only route for distribution of natural resources and argued that revenue maximization could not be the guiding principle for policy making. It also raised the issue of separation of powers, arguing whether the court had strayed outside its domain while prescribing auction as the solitary means.It feared that these points could not have been addressed through the limited review that court had agreed to. The court had also extended the deadline for the auction of 2G licences by 80 days against the 400 sought by the government. This was the second factor which led the government to decide to focus its energy on the Presidential Reference.It said so clearly to the court while seeking to withdraw the review petition. \"By an order dated April 13, 2012, the Supreme Court was pleased to issue notice limited to the grounds raised in Grounds \"B\" to \"F\" in the petition. In view of the fact that only limited notice has been issued, the petitioners (government) do not want to press the review petition and will be praying for withdrawal of the review petition,\" the letter stated.\"Since the matter is fixed for May 10, this letter may kindly be circulated before the chief justice to constitute the bench at an appropriate date and time to avoid disruption of benches and any inconvenience to the judges,\" it said.While the review and clarification applications on 2G judgment was heard by a two-judge bench headed by Justice Singhvi, the government is pinning its hopes for a better outcome for telecom sector through the Supreme Court's opinion on the queries raised in the Presidential Reference.In a 12-page reference under Article 143(1) of the Constitution, the President sought the court's opinion on eight questions, including effect of the judgment, which ordered auction of cancelled 2G licences, on spectrum allotted since 1994 on a first-come-first-served basis (FCFS).The main focus of the reference was \"whether the only permissible method for disposal of all natural resources across all sectors and in all circumstances is by the conduct of auctions?\" The SC had held the FCFS method to be inherently flawed.The President had also reminded the court that the \"auction only\" route for allocation of natural resources seemed to run contrary to earlier judgments by larger benches of the apex court. The government has argued that the FCFS policy formulated and followed by successive regimes was also a viable route for allocation of spectrum as the purpose was to increase rural tele-density.Presidential references seeking the Supreme Court's opinion on important issues are first placed before the Chief Justice of India, who then constitutes an appropriate bench to deal with the queries. The references are usually heard by a constitution bench with a minimum strength of five judges.The reference sought the court's view whether enunciation of a broad principle by the apex court in the 2G judgment did \"not really amount to formulation of a policy and has the effect of unsettling policy decisions formulated and approaches taken by various successive governments over the years for valid considerations, including lack of public resources and the need to resort to innovative and different approaches for the development of various sectors of the economy?\"The Centre wanted to know \"what is the permissible scope for interference by courts with policy making by the government including methods for disposal of natural resources?\"If a court cancelled a policy decision terming it flawed, then what would happen to investments, including foreign direct investments under multilateral or bilateral agreements, made in the projects started in pursuant to the implementation of the said policy decision, the President had asked.Attempting to test the retrospective effect of the 2G judgment, the reference asked, \"Whether the judgment is required to be given retrospective effect so as to unsettle all licences issued and 2G spectrum (800, 900 and 1, 800 MHz bands) allocated in and after 1994 and prior to January 10, 2008? Would the judgment affect telecom licences granted in 1994? Whether the telecom licences granted by way of basic licences in 2001 and licences between 2003 and 2007 would be affected?\"dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059829", "title": "Teachers with fake medical certificates to be sacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Following back-to-back reports in the Times of India, the state has asked the chief executive officer (CEO)s of Yavatmal and Akola zilla parishads to terminate the services of teachers who submitted fake medical certificates to avoid transfers and land government jobs.Rural development secretary Sudhir Thakre confirmed this development.In Yavatmal district, 600 teachers employed in zilla parishad schools had submitted fake medical certificates showing they were deaf to avoid being transferred.Under the rules, a physically challenged teacher can not be transferred without his/her consent.Yavatmal zilla parishad CEO Navalkishore Ram said the certificates submitted by the 600 teachers have been forwarded to the competent authority for verification. \"Teachers whose certificates are found to be fake will be discharged. It's a long-drawn exercise but we will complete it in a time-bound manner,\" he said.In the Akola zilla parishad, fake medical certificates proclaiming the candidates partially blind were submitted to secure assistant teacherss' jobs under the physically handicapped quota. The certificates were reportedly procured with the help of a professor from the government medical college, Yavatmal.\"A section of teachers has been terminated. We have forwarded all the medical certificates submitted by these teachers to the medical board for verification. Once the exercise is over, we will terminate those with fake certificates,\" a senior official said.Following the TOI reports-'600 teachers in Yavatmal go deaf to avoid transfers' (May 7) and '172 feign to be partially blind for teachers' job' (May 8)-the rural development department sought a status report from the CEOs of Akola and Yavatmal zilla parishads and directed them to discharge or terminate the services of such teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057362", "title": "Online fraud lands city youth in police net", "text": "KOLKATA: Kerala Police on Monday arrested a city youth in connection with an international online fraud. A special team from Kochi Police rounded up Ashok Bhadra alias Raja from his sGandhi Colony residence on the southern fringes of the city. Bhadra was the seventh person to land in police net in connection with the case.After production before a city court, the magistrate granted transit remand to take Bhadra to Kochi. Locals said the mother of the accused is a local Trinamool Congress leader.Investigators from Kochi claimed that Bhadra was part of a racket linked to Sphygmograph, the online forgery. It operates with fraudsters sending lucrative mails to people across the country on a random basis. One may get a mail from a reputed multinational company where the firm offers the recipient a lucrative job. When the recipient clicks on the mail, Trozan viruses sent through the mail soon starts functioning. After the person logs off his mail account and logs in later, the virus starts copying every stroke on the keyboard and details of the mail and send them to the mother server operated by the fraudsters. Similarly, one can get a greetings mail from an unknown woman or man.Soon after getting the copied details, the fraudster starts monitoring the target's mail. If the target operates his bank account online, the fraudster gets every detail, including the password to his account. If the target's account balance is lucrative, the fraudsters transfer the amount to another account opened using a fictitious name.A Kochi-based doctor was a victim of such fraud in which he lost Rs 11.14 lakh from his bank account. He lodged a complaint with Kochi Police. During the probe, cops found that the amount was transferred to different accounts across the country, including in Mumbai, Kolkata and Hyderabad. After arresting six persons, who allegedly withdrew parts of the amount siphoned from the complainant's account, Kochi Police traced 35-year-old Ashok Bhadra. He allegedly withdrew Rs 2 lakh of the sum duped from the doctor.Interrogation of Bhadra revealed the involvement of two Nigerians who asked him to open the account. After keeping a percentage of the stolen money, he reportedly handed over the rest to two Nigerians. Kolkata Police's detective department had also rounded up Felix - a Nigerian national - from Puduchcheri. Cops believe Felix is the kingpin of a similar racket that dupes people using a similar modus operandi. \"The Nigerian kingpins engage scores of Indian youth to open an account. Through these accounts, the fraudsters withdraw sums siphoned off from victims to conceal their linkage. Kochi Police admitted that Bhadra is one such hired youth whose account was used for the fraudulent transaction,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "shimoga", "code": "13058357", "title": "'Loan waiver of drought-hit ryots not a good idea'", "text": "SHIMOGA: R M Manjunath Gowda, Apex Bank, president, has opposed the demand of a section of farmers and some political parties to waive crop loans of farmers in drought-affected areas. This, he feels, would affect thousands of primary agricultural cooperative institutions and banks.Gowda told TOI on Tuesday that if the state government conceded to the demand, it will have to repay Rs 6,000 crore to the institutions as loan waiver amount. When the state government is yet to reimburse last year's loan waiver of Rs 300 crore, it is impossible to meet the burden of repaying Rs 6,000 cr, he said.Gowda said that the cooperative institutions and primary agricultural banks in the state have shown remarkable improvement and have disbursed a huge amounts to farmers with 1 per cent interest and helping prompt payees to get 3 per cent subsidy from the central government. He urged chief minister D V Sadanda Gowda to consider all aspects before taking a decision on loan waiver.According to him nearly 90% of farmers in the state, including those from the drought-affected areas, have repaid their dues. If loan is waived for only a few, it will set a bad precedent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13059976", "title": "DGP row: High Court begins hearing case afresh", "text": "BANGALORE: The high court on Tuesday directed the state government to place before it by next week statements /affidavits of two women who deposed before the Justice AJ Sadashiva panel which inquired into alleged STF atrocities .A special division bench headed by Justice N Kumar gave the directive while taking up for re-hearing the two petitions relating to appointment of the DG &amp; IGP in line withthe SupremeCourt'sA pril 24 order asking the HC to hear the matter afresh .\"We are in a 'once bitten twice shy' situation . So we will not proceed further till all materials are placed before us. We have extracted the statements of Earamma and Nagi . We have not indicted Bidari (former DGP), we only discussed the torture as told by these women and the Rs 2-lakh compensation awarded ,'' the bench observed and asked advocate general S Vijay Shankar to place those affidavits which are now with the NHRC.Shankar Bidari has claimed that the NHRC final report has given a clean chit in the case of alleged excesses and sexual abuse perpetrated by the Joint Special Task Force on tribal women .Notice In Mining CaseA vacation division bench has ordered notice to the government and the inquiry officer of Lokayukta on a petition by M Basappa Reddy , former director of mines and geology . Reddy claimed that he had been made a scapegoat in the illegal mining controversy .Revanna caseVacation judge Govindarajulu has adjourned to May 10 the hearing of a criminal petition filed by former minister HD Revanna on a private complaint regarding irregularities in denotification of 10-odd acres of land in Uttarahalli, Bangalore South, in October 2005. The private complaint has been filed by BJP Yuva Morcha member secretary Ravi Kumar .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058542", "title": "JNNURM projects under cloud", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In what may come as a setback for AMC, the union ministry of urban development has sent a report highlighting shortcomings in the JNNURM projects implemented in Ahmedabad city. Union minister Kamal Nath , in his letter of April 25, 2012, has informed the state government to take \"immediate actions\" based on the inquiry report.A team of urban ministry officials was in the city recently to inquire into the allegations fielded by the opposition Congress in the AMC. The union ministry has also asked CAG to inquire into the implementation of JNNURM projects across Gujarat cities.In December last year, AMC opposition leader Bhadruddin Sheikh had sent a detailed report of the civic body's internal audit report and its take on the implementation of the JNNURM projects in the city.\"Our report had questioned the awarding of Rs 32 crore Bhadra plaza development project to Ms Khurana and company, a firm that was blacklisted by the AMC in the riverfront project. Another contractor, MV Om Project India Limited, was blacklisted by the AMC for two years for delaying construction of houses for economically weaker sections (EWS). The firm is being reassigned the construction of Rs 111 crore worth of EWS housing in different parts of the city,\" says Sheikh.Sheikh had also alleged that in both the phases of the BRTS project, the contractor had just resurfaced the existing roads and took payments for new roads. \"Because of this, the roads did not last for more than two years,\" says Sheikh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13061629", "title": "UTV\u2019s new movie Settai", "text": "Settai will be the new movie to be produced by UTV motion pictures. Leaving aside the rumour mills that the Delhi Belly remake will be as Varuthapadatha Vaalibar Sangam, the movie is titled as Settai.It has Arya, Hansika and Anjali in the lead with Santhanam, Premji, Nasser in supporting roles. The movie went on floors today at the Binny mills. A huge set has been erected at the Binny mill and the first day shoot started with Arya, Santhanam and Premji facing the camera.Sources reveal that, a 25 days shoot is planned to be canned at the Binny mills. Produced by Ronnie Screwvala and Siddarth Roy Kapur, the movie is being directed by R.Kannan of Kanden Kadhalai fame. Music is being scored by S.Thaman and the camera is cranked by PG Muthaiah with art works by Videsh.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "goa", "code": "13058754", "title": "Self-employment opportunities for youth in Goa", "text": "GOA: Self-employment is one of the most effective means of reducing unemployment in all societies. Since the last decade, owing to improvement in communication technology and various schemes envisaged by the government of Goa, there has been an overall increase in the level of awareness amongst individuals about increasing self-employment opportunities. With the rising general awareness, unemployed youth are increasingly taking to various provisions of the service sector.One such government-sponsored initiative is the Goa Youth Rojgar Yojana Scheme, implemented through the Goa Handicrafts Rural and Small Scale Industries Development Corporation Ltd (GHRSSIDC). This week we look at how this scheme functions and how unemployed youth can benefit from the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13058998", "title": "Clean lappy keyboard key to keep infection at bay", "text": "BHOPAL: Anti-virus software may guard your computer against malicious programmes, but risk to your health lurks up close, so say experts. Viruses and bacteria on keyboard and mouse may pose a far greater health risk, something ignored by many users, especially those using common workstations in offices and cyber-cafes.\"Tapping in your keyboard or clicking your optical-mouse actually means you are tapping into a host of bacteria. Pressing shortcuts on keyboards while you eat is a recipe for getting infection,\" warns microbiologist Dr Apoorva Tripathi. The risks include getting respiratory infections, gastrointestinal infection, tuberculosis and other types of flu, he added.Ideally, one should be cautious about their hand movements when working on a workstation in public domain. \"We recommend parents to keep food on dining table. Eating while working on the computer should no longer be considered a 'cool thing',\" said Bhopal School of Social Sciences HoD psychology, Dr Vinay Mishra. Parents often inculcate the habit in children by eating as they work on their laptops, he added.\"A number of research showed that the main culprit for contamination were people eating at their desks and dropping crumbs which get lodged between keyboard keys and spawn growth of millions of bacteria,\" said Gandhi Medical College (GMC) HoD (pathology) Dr Neel Kamal Kapoor.\"Other causes included poor personal hygiene, particularly people failing to wash their hands after using toilet. Also, dust which traps moisture provides an ideal condition for growth of bacteria,\" she added.Taking a cue to protect their staff from failing ill, some offices, of late, have started adopting ergonomic measures to take care of the issue. \"In ergonomics user, equipment and their environments have to blend together to optimise human well-being and increase productivity,\" said office management consultant Sulakshna Choudhry. It is something that can be replicated in schools and colleges, she added.\"For us, good office hygiene is as important as domestic cleanliness and we are now calling on employers to adopt a clean workstation policy,\" said Rahul Singh, regional head of a Bhopal-based MNC.Keeping clean would increase life of your equipment too. \"Laptop keyboard is the easiest place to accumulate dust. Excessive dust will accelerate corrosion of the keyboard thus damage the keyboard's printed circuit,\" said computer consultant Manish Kataria.BOX:Dos to stay out of troubleMake sure you wash your hands before working on your keyboardDon't eat or drink over/near your keyboard.Try to touch type with your fingers more raised rather than restingKeep your hands dry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13061936", "title": "'Jannat 2' girl Esha Gupta in de-glam avatar", "text": "After her hot and sizzling debut in 'Jannat 2', model-turned-actress Esha Gupta will have a de-glamorous role in Prakash Jha's forthcoming political thriller film, 'Chakravyuh'.In her debut film, Esha, who played a glamorous role and was Emraan Hashmi's love-interest in 'Jannat 2' will be seen in a de-glam role in the film as she plays a cop.Filmed in Bhopal , 'Chakravyuh' is set against the backdrop of the Naxal movement.\"It is a de-glam role. I am playing an IPS officer. You will see me in the uniform, it is a different role. When you see the film, you will get to know more about the role. I can't talk much about it,\" Esha told PTI on the sidelines of the success party of 'Jannat 2'.The model-turned-actress admits she signed the film without even listening to the story.\"Prakash (director-producer) sir had heard about me, casting director Shruti contacted me and said Prakash sir liked me in the promos and is interested in working with me. I met him and he was really impressed that I knew Hindi. I was confident about what I was doing, so I just told him, sir if you direct me well, I will give you what you want, I am ready to get mould in any form you want,\" Esha said.\"We did the reading and he was impressed by my Hindi, as I come from Uttar Pradesh background. I still don't know the whole script, but I heard Prakash sir's name and jumped on to do it,\" she said.Directed and produced by Jha, 'Chakravyuh' stars Abhay Deol , Arjun Rampal , Om Puri and Kabir Bedi in pivotal roles, besides Esha Gupta. The film is scheduled to release in November this year.\"We have completed one schedule...it was shot entirely in Bhopal, Madhya Pradesh. The second schedule will also be shot there and I am leaving for it on May 12,\" Esha concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056873", "title": "Safe home after a two-year Saudi ordeal", "text": "KOCHI: Three nurses from Kerala, who were forced to work in Saudi Arabia without proper salary and documents for over two years, returned home on Monday forfeiting their legitimate dues.Saramma Verghese (44) from Pathanamthitta, Subadra Omanakuttan (50) from Thiruvananthapuram and Sreelatha Nair (42) from Changanassery came home by Air India flight. Their ticket fare was donated by some informal social collectives there.\"We are happy to return home alive even though we have lost our hard-earned savings. Our colleague Shameem Rasheed, from Bangladesh , died about a year ago without being able to see her beloved ones. We had to undergo terrible ordeals and uncertainties in the last two years,\" Sreelatha told TOI here over phone from Changanassery.Saramma, Subadra and Sreelatha were working at Al Hadi Polyclinc, Riyadh for the last 18 years. Their ordeal started with the death of its owner in 2009. His son, Faisal Shereef, thentook over the clinic and ran it for a few days, before leasing it to nother Saudi citizen, Fahad Samri, who closed down it on January 3, 2010.The three Kerala nurses and their five Bangladeshi colleagues were denied salaries and other benefits since then. Their Saudi IDs expired, and requests for fresh Iqamas (residence permit) were denied by the sponsor. All their documents, including passports, were with Fahad Samri (the lessee).The nurses filed a petition in the labour court, which ordered Fahad to pay nearly 73,400 Riyals to all of them together as dues. But he appealed and managed to obtain an order in his favour. As per Saudi laws, expatriates cannot live there without proper documents. They can be detained either at their places of work or at residential premises.\"In between, we managed to do informal jobs at another hospital. It's illegal. We used to hide in the bathrooms for hours together whenever labour department officials came for inspection,\" Saramma said.They approached the Indian Embassy with the help of an NGO called 'Please India Pravasi Legal Aid Cell'. The original sponsor and lessee were finally persuaded to return the documents and give the three nurses exit clearance. \"We had to spend lot of money to get the exit documents,\" she said.Noel Thomas, chief executive officer of Norka Roots, said there has been a spurt in cases of Indians being harassed when firms they are working in Gulf countries change hands. \"We have drawn the attention of the Indian Embassies there to this,\" he said.However, when TOI contacted over phone, Muhammed Ali , labour welfare secretary at the Indian Embassy in Riyad, said such incidents were not frequent. \"The embassy tries to help whenever specific instances are brought to our notice,\" he added. Embassies in Gulf countries have many operational constraints. Those countries generally don't like interference by Indian authorities. The Overseas Indian Affairs Ministry has limitations in forcing Indian Embassy officials to act as they come under the Ministry of External Affairs, expatriates say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "13057841", "title": "Citizens foil kidnap attempt, one arrested", "text": "MALEGAON: Alert citizens, with the help of the octroi contractor staff, foiled an attempt by an autorickshaw driver to kidnap four minor girls from a crowded area of Malegaon city on Monday evening. The police arrested the accused, Mujahid Khan (23), and filed an FIR against him around 1am on Tuesday.Khan lured the four girls - Zarrin, Sana, Muneera and Almas, all residents of Fort area and aged between six and seven years of age - as well as a minor boy around 9.15pm by promising them a ride to Girna river. \"Promising us a ride, the auto driver asked us to get into the vehicle,\" said Sana, talking to TOI after she was rescued.A little distance away, the driver left the boy behind and drove away with the girls in his auto. The boy then informed their family members about the incident, who notified the police. They also went to all octroi check-posts, apprised them of what happened and requested them to keep a look out for the auto.Mohd Salman, one of the relatives, said that about half an hour later, they received a call from Chandanpuri octroi naka on the Mumbai-Agra National Highway, where an auto with four screaming girls was intercepted by octroi personnel. The girls were brought home by their family members. \"We informed the police about the latest development. By the time the police came and took the accused into custody, a large crowd had gathered outside the Mohammadan Sports Club where the accused was holed up,\" said Salman.The police then called the victims to Killa police station, where they identified the accused in front of social activists and corporators.Police sub-inspector and investigating officer Ganesh Kale said the accused had been charged under sections 363 and 365 of Indian Penal Code (IPC). If convicted, he could be jailed for up to eight years.The accused was produced in court on Tuesday afternoon and was sentenced to two days' police custody. \"We sought police custody to investigate the exact motive behind the abduction and to see if he is involved with a child kidnapping racket,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13061706", "title": "US bill prohibits aid to Pak till it cooperates on terror war", "text": "WASHINGTON: A Congressional committee in its budgetary proposals for the year 2013 has prohibited economic and security assistance to Pakistan till it co-operates with the US in the fight against terrorism and takes action against groups like Haqqani network, Taliban , al-Qaida, LeT and JeM .\"The legislation prohibits economic and security assistance unless the government of Pakistan is cooperating with the US on counterterrorism efforts and other issues,\" the house appropriations committee said in a statement as it released the 2013 State and Foreign Operations Appropriations Bill.The bill totals USD 40.1 billion in regular discretionary funding, which is USD two billion or five per cent below last year's level. The bill running into 208 pages will be considered by a congressional sub-committee later on Tuesday.Among other things, the bill includes USD 8.2 billion in overseas contingency operations/global war on terror funding, which will adequately provide for continued US involvement in front-line countries and other war-related efforts.In total, including war funding, the bill is USD five billion - or nine per cent- below fiscal year 2012, the House Committee said in a statement.\"It is more important than ever that taxpayer dollars be used in the most efficient, frugal, and common-sense way to balance our international responsibilities with the very real economic and financial challenges we face here at home. This bill meets our commitment to providing essential security, diplomatic, and humanitarian assistance abroad, while reducing funding for lower-priority programs and providing a keen eye towards the oversight of every tax dollar,\" appropriations chairman Hal Rogers said in a statement.The legislation also withholds operating funds until a transition plan is submitted and withholds assistance until certifications that proper security is in place for civilian aid workers can be made.According to the bill, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to Pakistan may be made available unless the secretary of state certifies that Pakistan is cooperating with US on counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani network, the Taliban, Lashkar e-Taiba, Jaish-e-Mohammed, al-Qaida and other terror groups, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries.Other conditions include Pakistan taking strong action against IEDs, which is said to be responsible for most American casualties in Afghanistan.The bill also seeks a set of benchmarks for Pakistan from the government and if these benchmarks are not met, the US aid to Pakistan would be suspended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059086", "title": "Three held from Rajasthan timber merchant's murder", "text": "INDORE: Police have arrested three accused in connection with the high profile robbery and murder of timber merchant Jasveer Singh Chhabra in Khatiwala Tank area from Jhalawad in Rajasthan. The merchant was reportedly murdered in the early morning hours on Sunday.Police said that the accused are being brought to Indore. However, the mastermind of the murder is on the run, said a police source while refusing to reveal more.On the day of the incident IGP Anuradha Shankar talking to ToI claimed to have arrested the accused soon after getting a tip off with concrete evidences. The police team which was sent to Jhalawad arrested three persons. As many as 10 teams were constituted to investigate into the case and SSP A Sai Manohar was heading the investigation.During the wee hours on Sunday, timber merchant Jasveer Singh Chhabda was battered to death by five unknown persons in his house. The accused entered into the house at around 3.30 am after breaking open the window. They locked his two children Ravneet aka Nayan and Gunisha, from outside in their rooms.Thereafter the accused entered the room in which Jasveer and his wife were sleeping. They attacked them with bat. The accused tied their hands and legs to the cot and stamped on their bodies so that the couple could not resist.The incident had sent shock waves among the city residents. Members of the Sikh community organised a candle march on Tuesday at the regal crossing demanding arrest of the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058224", "title": "High court quashes criminal case against Ratan Tata", "text": "NAGPUR: Providing relief to industrialist Ratan Tata , Nagpur bench of Bombay high court on Tuesday quashed criminal proceedings pending against him in the first Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) court in the city.\"Bailable and non-bailable warrants and proclamation issued against the petitioners stand recalled,\" Justice ML Tahilyani ruled before disposing of the petition.The Tata chairman had challenged the Nagpur lower court order declaring him \"proclaimed offender\" in a dispute related to alleged evasion of Provident Fund (PF) dues of Empress Mills workers. The Ganeshpeth police had lodged a FIR against Tata and others under Section 406 (criminal breach of trust) in December 1987.Noshir Adi Soonawala, Pratap Bhogilal and Sudhir Thackersey were the other petitioners.The judge had closed Tata's plea for order two months back on February 8, after Amit Desai and Sudhir Puranik argued for the petitioners.The police had originally registered offences against 13 persons, including Tata, for not paying Rs 8.94 lakh deducted from the mills workers wages for two months (January and February 1986) to the Employees' Provident Fund Office (EPFO). A charge sheet was filed in April 1988.The lower court issued summons to all accused in 1989, followed by a bailable warrant. When petitioners failed to respond, a non-bailable warrant was issued in March 2006. Finally, the JMFC court issued a proclamation order in August last year.Earlier, senior counsel Desai and Puranik told TOI that charges levelled against petitioners were not applicable and the respondents failed to specify the actual offence the petitioners had committed. They also argued that the lower court failed to apply mind before declaring their clients \"proclaimed offenders\". They pointed out that there is serious delay in registering the case and issuing warrant.Puranik further contended that the petitioners were never absconding and instead contacted the concerned police station after getting warrant. He added that the holding company Tata Sons had already paid Rs 18.16 lakh to EPFO on December 30, 1987. The petitioners had prayed for quashing of proceedings and FIR.The Empress Mills was the very first step of the Tata empire. The beginning of Tata Group can be traced back to 1868, when Jamshedji Tata established a trading company dealing in cotton in erstwhile Bombay. Tata Group started the country's first textile mill at Nagpur, formally known as Central India Spinning and Weaving Company Limited.The company, popularly known as Empress Mills, started on January 1, 1877, the day Queen Victoria was proclaimed Empress of India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060133", "title": "Ban on transfers of grade-III teachers to continue", "text": "JAIPUR: The state education department has decided to continue ban on transfers of grade-III teachers while announcing the transfer policy-2012 on Tuesday. \"The ban will continue till the recruitment of 41,000 teachers is completed,\" said state education minister Brij Kishore Sharma while unveiling the policy at Shiksha Sankul.For the first time, the admission forms can be filled online at the state education website, the last date for which is May 20, after which applications will not be entertained, Sharma said.The new rules say either husband or wife is eligible for transfer if they are serving in different districts. Medical grounds will be considered if an applicant's husbands/wife or children are suffering from diseases like brain tumor, AIDS and all those who've undergone operation, radiotherapy or heart surgery.Those serving as block primary education officers, additional block primary education officers or other administrative posts can seek transfer only if they have put in two years of service at the existing place. Teachers recruited in 2010 are not eligible for transfer. The ban will continue for teachers serving in 10 banned districts till the recruitment of 41,000 teachers.Panchayati Raj minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malviya said the ban on 10 districts-Sirohi, Jalore, Pratapgarh, Bara, Barmer, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Jhalawar, Banswara and Dungarpur is justified as no teacher wants to serve in these districts.\"Teachers serving in these districts always strive to take transfer from here. Once the recruitment is done the applicants belonging to banned districts will be posted in their respective areas,\" said MalviyaThe state and national award winning teachers have been given the privilege of submitting three options (places) for transfer. The scout and guide training teachers serving in schools where no such activities are there will be referred to schools which have scout and guide training centres.Defending the desire letters from bureaucrats, state ministers, MP and MLAs proposing transfers, Sharma said on a lighter note, \"It is the democratic right of every citizen to get a desire letter from his/her known public figure.\"The policy has been introduced in order to bring transparency in the system and minimize applications for transfer. Disclosing the process, Sharma said applications will be scrutinized as per the rules and priority will be given to cases which fulfill all the criteria.EomJaipur: The state education department has decided to continue the ban on transfers of grade-III teachers, while announcing the transfer policy-2012 on Tuesday. \"The ban will continue till the recruitment of 41,000 teachers will be completed,\" said state education minister Brij Kishore Sharma while unveiling the policy at Shiksha Sankul.For the first time the applicants can fill the admission form online on state education website by May 20. Minister cleared that applications after this date will not be entertained.The new rules say that either of husband or wife are eligible for transfer if they are serving in different districts. Medical ground is considered in a condition when applicants husbands/wife and dependent children suffering from diseases like Brain Tumor, AIDS and all those who underwent operation and radiotherapy and those who underwent heart surgery and open heart surgery.The education officers serving as Block Primary Education officers, Additional Block Primary Education Officers and others on various administrative post can seek transfer only if they have served two years of service in the existing place. Those teachers who were recruited in 2010 are not eligible for transfer. The ban continues for teachers serving in 10 banned districts till the recruitment of 41,000 teachers.Panchayati Raj Minister Mahendrajeet Singh Malaviya said that ban on these 10 districts-Sirohi, Jalore, Pratapgarh, Bara, Badmer, Jaisalmer, Bikaner, Jhalawar, Banswara and Doongarpur is justified as no teacher wants to serve in these districts.\"Teachers serving in these districts always strive to take transfer from these districts. Once the recruitment will be done the local belong to banned districts will be moved to these areas,\" said MalaviyaThe state and national award winner teachers have been given the privilege to submit three options (places) for transfer. The scout and guide training teachers serving in schools which has no such activity will be referred to schools which runs scout and guide training centers.Defending the desire letters from bureaucrats, state ministers, MP and MLA's proposing transfers, the minister replied, \"It is the democratic right of every citizen to get a desire letter from his/her known public figure, said minister.The policy has been introduced in order to bring transparency in the system and minimize the applications for transfer. Disclosing the process, the minister said applications will be scrutinized as per the rules and priority should be given to those cases which fulfill all the criteria.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13059900", "title": "Hanging on to good times key to happiness", "text": "WASHINGTON: Happiness can be fleeting , but by hanging on to those good times and not comparing your personal experiences to those of others can help you remain happy for longer, a new study said.US researchers carried out a happiness survey on 481 participants who had identified a recent positive change in their lives that had made them happier. Six weeks after that, the psychologists evaluated whether the original happiness boost had lasted. For some it had, but for most it had not. \"The majority got used to the change that had made them happy in the first place,\" said Kennon Sheldon, a professor of psychological sciences in Missouri.\"They stopped being happy because they kept wanting more, or because they stopped having fresh positive experiences of the change, for example they stopped doing fun things with their new boyfriend and started wishing he was better looking,\" he said.\"A few were able to appreciate what they had and to keep having new experiences. In the long term, those people tended to maintain their boost, rather than falling back where they started,\" he noted.Researchers said due to genetics and other factors, people have a certain \"set-point\" of happiness they normally feel, and it can vary from somber to bubbly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058548", "title": "Air India cancels flights, tempers fly", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel International Airport witnessed a hoard of upset and clueless international passengers as Air India cancelled two international flights on Tuesday evening.Two Air India flights for Newark and Chicago (US) which were scheduled to depart on Tuesday evening were cancelled as the pilots of the flights didn't turn up. Air India officials at the airport said that the pilots had reported sick. \"The pilots were upset with their pay structure. They have not declared a strike yet. But they might soon do so,\" said an Air India official.While the fliers complained that they were not informed about the cancellation, Air India denied the allegation. \"More than 50 to 60 passengers arrived at the terminal and started creating ruckus at the terminal, complaining that they were not informed in advance,\" an airport official said.There were many passengers from Nadiad, Mehsana, Bhavnagar in Gujarat and other passengers from Rajasthan among others.Earlier, on Monday night, a similar situation prevailed when a Chicago flight was cancelled, stranding passengers till 1 am. Airport officials said that after nearly two hours of delay the passengers were informed about the cancellation. The Air India officials took three more hours to give the baggage of the passengers back by 1 am.\"The flight was supposed to take off at 8.50pm but we were told it has been postponed till 9.30pm. At 10pm, they told us that the flight has been cancelled. when we insisted that they provide us lodging facilities, they said that they would call security officials and throw us out of the airport,\" said Jagidsh Patel from Borsad in Anand district.\"They gave us back our luggage at 1 am and we finally left for home at 2 am. I am now unable to book another flight ticket as all the flight are booked for around the next 15 days.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "13059822", "title": "Anniversary celebrations end in Shillong", "text": "SHILLONG: Year-long celebrations in Shillong marking Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore's 150{+t}{+h} birth anniversary culminated on the bard's 151st birthday with people paying floral tributes at the life-size statue of the Nobel laureate at Brookside Bungalow at Rilbong.More than 150 artists, representing diverse ethnic groups of the country, sung Tagore's songs on the occasion. The Shillong Bangiya Shahitya Parishad will also pay tribute to the poet with a cultural programme on its premises on Wednesday.Tagore - who visited Shillong on three occasions - had composed some of his immortal poems, novels and dramas - including the celebrated 'Shesher Kobita', 'Rakta Korobi' and 'Shillonger Chitthi' - here.He even described Labanya, the central character in his Bengali novel 'Shesher Kobita' as \"clean, pure and sparkling like a sunlit Shillong after a torrential shower!\"\"The beauty of Shillong with an abundance of pine trees, wild flowers, undulating green hills and cascading rapids must have captivated the Nobel laureate, who had a strong bond with this town,\" says Anindita Das, a retired college teacher.There is a consistent demand from a cross-section of the people for setting up of a library and a Tagore Research Institute on the Brookside campus.The erstwhile Sidli House in Shillong, where the poet stayed was demolished by its present owner, leading to anger among Tagore lovers. However, Shillong Lok Sabha member Vincent Pala, whose sister now owns the historic place, had promised that the poet's memory would be kept alive at the site. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13059996", "title": "Surprise visit throws up surprises for Karnataka minister", "text": "BANGALORE: The buildings , meant to be educational institutes approved by the Karnataka State Open University (KSOU ),were turned into residential premises . This came to light when medical education minister SA Ramdas went on a surprise visit at Y Gen Finishing School in JP Nagar on Tuesday .One was the residential address of Y Gen CEO Dipankar Chaudhary , while the other the official address of the institute , which never existed . Ramdas first visited Chaudhary's house on the address given to him . A nameplate with Chaudhary's initials was fixed outside but instead of going in , the minister decided to visit the institute first .Ramdas led his convoy to the college premises , which was given permission to run several distant-education courses . The college supposed to be owned by Y Gen Management Consultancy Private Ltd, looked more like a two-storeyed residential building . To get the facts right , Ramdas went inside and enquired , only to be told that the administrative office (of the college ) used to be there , but was shifted to an unknown location about six months ago .Ramdas then went to Chaudhary's residential address in JP Nagar and to his surprise found the nameplate missing from the door . The ground floor was empty and nobody stopped or questioned the minister . On the first floor , the room was locked.S Kalpana , a neighbour , said : \"After the minister left, I saw a woman take the board away . There used to be an institute here .\"Ramdas said the college is authorized by KSOU . \"We visited their registered office and college but couldn't find anyone there . They had signed an MoU (memorandum of understanding ) with the government . As per that , the institute offers degree , diploma and PG courses . They are also running pharmacy , ayurveda , nursing and paramedical courses without permission .\" He said the KSOU had written to the DEC (distance education committee ) requesting it to recognize 422 courses , but didn't specify the type of courses offered .\"DEC prohibited the KSOU from running some distance learning courses . It issued a memorandum observing that KSOUhas indulged in illegal activities , misleading students at large , thereby , jeopardizing their careers ,\" Ramdas said .-Parina DhillaKsou ReactsAfter looking at the infrastructure provided by Y GEN Consultancy Private Ltd, we didn't give them permission to continue with their operations. If there are any certificates, they are all fake. How does the medical education minister know what is going on? Does he know the statutes? I am working as per that. Is the minister getting personal? We are a bigger institution than AICTE. Although the DEC hasn't allowed us to go ahead with distance education courses, our inspection panel said these courses are necessary.KS Rangappa | KSOU Vice-Chancellor", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060365", "title": "Devotees throng temples on Bada Mangal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Faith overcame the scorching Sun on Tuesday, as Hanuman devotees spilled all over the city to celebrate the first Bada Mangal of the year. Scores of men, women and children gathered at different temples to offer prasad and seek the deity's blessing on the day revered particularly by Lucknowites. As always, organisations, groups and people set up kiosks to distribute sharbat, aloo-puri or boondi to anyone one on the road. Sundarkaand paath, Hanuman Chaalisaa and Ram bhajans echoed all through the day and added to the divine mood. In some places, bahrupiyas dressed as Hanuman blessed individuals while monkeys were treated with gud-chana or bananas to obtain God's special attention.Of all the temples in the city, the one in Aliganj is said to be the most revered. Organisers said that devotees started queuing up outside the temple even before the break of dawn. Even the blazing Sun failed to deter the spirit of the devotees. On an average, a person had to wait for at least one hour in the queue to get a glimpse of the deity. \"It is a matter of faith and I do not mind waiting in queue for many hours. For us it is the day to remember God and I make it a point to visit the temple with my entire family,\" said Anita Tandon, a devotee.Malini Mishra who has not missed a single Bada Mangal Tuesday in the last 15 years believes that she owes everything in her life including her son to the Lord. Her belief is associated with the tradition of Bada Mangal in the city. It is said that Janab-e-Aalia, the second wife of Nawab Shuja-ud-Daulah got the old Aliganj Hanuman temple constructed. She is said to have dreamt of Lord Hanuman who ordered her to get a temple constructed. Based on her dreams, she ordered quarrying of the area she saw in her dream.The idol was found after which it was transported on the back of an elephant to the city. The elephant, however, did not step forward after a point (the place where the temple is situated). Therefore it was decided that the temple be constructed at this place. Since then, Bada Mangal is celebrated with festive gaiety in the city. Naming her son later known as Nawab Saadat Ali Khan as Mirza Mangloo after the deity, Begum Aalia started the tradition of a fair, which continues to be held every year.The tradition of distributing sharbat and eatables to the devotees was also started in those days. \"In those days, Aliganj was quite far from the main city and devotees walked on foot to offer prayers to the deity. Since Bada Mangal was observed during the Hindu month of Jyeshta (usually in May or June) when the summer reaches its peak, kiosks to distribute sharbat and eatables were started. The culture has survived all times,\" said Mohd Jameel Ali, a carpenter who is a sevak at the Bada Hanuman temple. Ali's involvement with Bada Mangal celebrations also reflects the Ganga-Jamuni tehzib (mutual tolerance and respect for all religions) of Lucknow.Now, an element of charity has been associated with the kiosks and stalls distributing food. \"On this auspicious day, we get a chance to do something extra for God and this is the sole reason we have put up a stall for distributing puri-sabzi, chana masala and boondi,\" said Virendra Chauhan a devotee at the stall. This gives small time cooks and shop-keepers to earn a little extra. Sweet meat sellers for instance earn the maximum during this time of the year. \"The sales increase by more than 10 times. We sell more than 150 kgs of laddoos on Bada Mangal in comparison to normal Tuesdays when 10-15 kilos of laddoos are sold,\" said a shopkeeper near Hanuman Setu temple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh/ludhiana", "code": "13058953", "title": "HC lawyer to release his book today", "text": "CHANDIGARH/LUDHIANA: Former Punjab additional advocate general and renowned Punjab and Haryana high court advocate Harpreet Sandhu, a Ludhianvi, will release his his 3-year-long work based on federal supreme courts across powerful European nations on Wednesday at New Delhi.The book, 'Indo-European Legal System- A Comparative Study', will be released countrywide at the capital. Sandhu's work is a study of informative ideologies of the European legal system and the functioning of courts in France, United Kingdom, Belgium and Switzerland. It has already been released in Europe, inviting wide acclaim among lawyers' fraternity.The book has also been placed as a valuable edition at the Trinity Hall in the Cambridge University , UK. The 42-year-old esoteric advocate says his book aims at making India and Europe natural partners in terms of law and justice. \"I am of the view that India and Europe, as the largest democracies in the world, share common values and beliefs that make them natural partners,'' adds Sandhu.Sandhu's second book, it has several chapters on Belgium and Swiss legal system, drawing parallels between the existing laws of India and these countries. His previous work was a comparative study on German laws and courts' functioning. He writes for global law journals time to time. Sandhu was recently honoured by the Chief Justice of India and senior lawyers on the occasion of Law Day in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058813", "title": "'Four-fold rise in foodgrain production'", "text": "MYSORE: The annual foodgrain production in the country, which was 50 million tonnes 60 years ago, has registered a four-fold increase, vice-chancellor of the University of Agricultural Sciences K Narayana Gowda has said.He was speaking after releasing the book 'Agricultural marketing, changing perspectives' edited by M Devaraj, professor of agri-business management, Institute of Development Studies , the University of Mysore and Amita Prasad, principal secretary of Rural Development and Panchayat Raj at the Karnataka Institute for Agricultural Marketing here on Monday.The programme was organized by Institute of Development of Studies, the University of Mysore.Institute for Social and Economic Change (Bangalore) director R S Deshpande and UoM vice-chancellor V G Talwar were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13060130", "title": "Punish those who pollute Gomti", "text": "Enough of symbolic gestures to clean the Gomti. Lucknowites want some concrete action. So, when asked what is the best way to save the river from an imminent disaster, 56% respondents said that it could be done by starting the sewage treatment plant as soon as possible. Going by the poor track record of action plans, only 23.5% supported the idea, while 20.5% said that developing the riverside as a tourist spot could be a good option.A. Develop riverside as a tourist spot 20.5%B. Put river action plan under strict vigil 23.5%C. Start sewage treatment plant 56%It's time to act tough: We have great expectations from our young and dynamic CM, for reviving river Gomti to its original glory. Implementing any scheme is an uphill task, because of the peculiar mindset of the people, both educated as well as the uneducated. Most people do not believe in keeping anything clean, except their houses. I strongly believe that the time has come to take strong, deterrent action against offenders, instead of just preparing schemes. For effective action, help of videography should be taken to penalise encroachers and polluters.Pritam Radcliff | LucknowCheck pollution, award punishments to those found guilty: Declaring projects and releasing funds alone would not give Gomti a fresh lease of life, instead, strict vigil on how it is being utilised must also be considered. The dissolved oxygen level of Gomti is considerably low, which is not appropriate as per the standards of healthy drinking water. This is due to excessive organic pollutants, which utilise dissolved oxygen from the river for their own decomposition, thus depleting its oxygen. Therefore, cleaning plants should be immediately set-up, pollution must be checked and punishments should be given to those who are repeatedly found guilty. Gomti is the lifeline of Lucknow and it's our duty to protect it. If managed scientifically, it can contribute in nurturing our city with clean drinking water, pollution free water for irrigation and also may become a site of eco-tourism.Chandna Srivastava | LucknowGovt should act tough against industrial pollution: Gomti is gasping for breath, as it is full of industrial effluents to domestic discharge. The river has become more of a dumping yard especially when it enters the city from Sitapur. Lucknow pollutes the river most with 26 drains dumping the city's garbage into it. Though city got its first sewage treatment plant way back in 2010, and the city is also home to Asia's biggest sewage treatment plant, but all this have not done a great deal in curbing the pollution. Strict action needs to be taken against industrial pollution by the government. Developing riverside as tourist spots creates more menace with all types of litters. Development is not justified until and unless it is preserved forever, or else the next generation will only get the chance to read about 'a river existed in Lucknow' in their text books.Uzair Rizvi | LucknowMake people aware about pollution hazards: Had Gomti been flowing in some other countries, it would have been generating revenue for the government. But, both the public and the politician have never paid any attention to this beautiful gift of nature. Very few cities in India including Lucknow are having a river as their lifeline. Now again according to my view, we need all the three points with immediate effect. To develop the riverside as a tourist spot is also good. Declare it as the state river and put the action plan to clean it under strict vigil. Also start a sewage treatment plant immediately and give stringent punishments for littering the river. But above all this, we need to make people aware of keeping it clean by not throwing poly bags, ashes of the dead bodies and also not to immerse statues deities in this river during any pooja celebration. This is our gift from nature and we have to take some steps to keep it.Mohammad Zahid Akhtar | LucknowNeed a well-planned STP: A well-planned sewage treatment plant has become a necessity to clean river Gomti and people littering the river must be punished for their deeds.Ashutosh Kumar Mishra | LucknowEveryone must contribute towards Gomti's cleanliness: To save river Gomti, the state government must immediately declare it as a state river and initiate a strict action plan for its safety. Public awareness regarding the issue must be created, so that the common man must not throw waste materials into the river and every single person must contribute towards its cleanliness.Faiz Abbas Abidi | Lucknow", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "here are the latest updates on your tv celebs who will be seen on different shows across different channels. a quick look", "code": "13062459", "title": "TV\u2019s Latest Entries!", "text": "Here are the latest updates on your TV celebs who will be seen on different shows across different channels. A quick look:Nishi Singh Bhadli in Zee's Hitler Didi - With Nishi's entry on 'Hitler Didi', viewers can expect some humour and light hearted moments and she plays a kleptomaniac and drunkard called Maina. Maina also happens to be Sunaina's mother in the serial and will spice up the upcoming episodes by playing a nosey poker who's interested in instigating fights.Shweta Chaudhary, Dimple Shah and Muni Jha in SAB's Bhai Bhaiya Aur Brother - Deven Bhojwani and Vipul Shah are coming up with a new serial on Sab TV 'Bhai Bhaiya Aur Brother'. Sooraj Thapar, Vrajesh Hirjee and Chirag Vohra play the main leads/three brothers on the show. More names have been added to the star cast including Shweta Chaudhary, Dimple Shah and Muni Jha. Dimple will be seen as Sooraj's wife and Shweta Choudhary as Juhi will play Chirag Vohra's wife on the show. Sources reveal that Muni Jha will essay the father's role.Aashka Goradia in Shubh Vivah -In a bid to boost TRPs and stop the show from going off air, the makers of 'Shubh Vivah' are sparing no efforts. Sources reveal that Aashka Goradia aka Sarla aka vamp will make a comeback to the serial. Her character is that of a seductress who has her eyes set on Amrit (Eijaz Khan) in spite of the two being married to different partners. Just when Amrit is turning a shade positive, will Sarla ruin his efforts in his bid to woo his wife Saroj?Ashok Saraf in Sab TV's upcoming show- Marathi/Hindi TV and film actor Ashok Saraf needs no introduction. The much loved father of 'Hum Paanch' fame became a household name with the show's success. Incidentally, Vidya Balan played one of his daughters in 'Hum Paanch'. It is learnt that Saraf will be a part of Milind Dabke's upcoming show on Sab TV for which actors Pallavi Pradhan and Sharad Vyas have already been roped in. Sources confirm that Saraf is making his comeback to TV after a long hiatus because he was busy shooting for films and chose to be choosy with his TV comeback because daily soaps were too time consuming. He further added that Dabke's concept was interesting and hence he took up the project.Drashti Dhami and Vivian Dsena in Colors Madhubala-Ek Ishq Ek Junoon- Colors latest offering is said to be based on K. Asif's blockbuster hit 'Mughal-e-Azam'. Drashti Dham of 'Geet-Hui Sabse Parayi' fame and Vivian Dsena from 'Pyaar Ki Ye Ek Kahaani' will play the lead characters in the serial. The show goes on air on 28th May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13058315", "title": "Four Andhra University professors chargesheeted", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) on Tuesday filed chargesheets against four professors of Andhra University over irregularities in sanctioning pharma colleges to private managements in Visakhapatnam.AU College of Pharmaceutical Sciences professors JVLN Sheshagiri Rao, D Gowri Sankar, J Vijaya Ratna and A Annapoorna and regional officer of southern regional office of AICTE, Chennai, BK Bhadri, were among 13 persons chargesheeted for granting permission to Visakha Institute of Pharmaceutical Sciences (VIPS) and Al-Ameer College of Pharmacy in violation of the guidelines. VIPS management representatives T Surya Bhaskar Reddy and Betala Sekhar and Al-Ameer College representatives I H Farooqui, VA Siddiqui, principal R Bhavani Devi, professor A Ravi Kumar and then sarpanch of Palavalasa panchayat of Anandapuram mandal P Appala Narayana were also booked for fraud.CBI filed chargesheet against VIPS management for using fake land certificates and building plans of an agricultural land as the college land near international cricket stadium in Madhurawada area. \"All the land particulars and the information provided by the management were fake and forged,\" the CBI said in its chargesheet. Seshagiri Rao and Gowri Sankar inspected the college separately for issuance of a no-objection certificate and renewal of the affiliation of the college for the academic years 2008-09 and 2009-10 and gave positive reports falsely certifying that infrastructure and other facilities were in tune with AICTE norms.The case was registered in January 2010. The chargesheet against the four professors and the AICTE official was filed under sections 120-B read with 420, 468, 471 and 477-A of IPC and section 13(2) read with 13(1)(D) of the Prevention of Corruption Act, 1988.In the case of Al-Ameer College of Engineering and Pharmacy, the management violated the norms in purchasing and converting the assigned land for commercial purposes and intentionally misguided the expert committees showing assigned land as pharma college campus.The management also misled the officials by stating that the college was being run in a three-storied building when there was no structure at all. The management submitted a fake land use certificate to AICTE, CBI officials said.AU professors inspected the college for issuance of a no-objection certificate and renewal of the affiliation of the college for the academic years 2008-09 and 2009-10 and gave positive reports", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058335", "title": "Government to seek green nod for sand mining in AP", "text": "HYDERABAD: Faced with sand crisis that has virtually stalled construction activity in the state, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on Tuesday directed the mining department to approach the Centre to expedite environment clearances for sand mining in the state. The CM also asked the department to consult legal experts and find out whether AP can approach the Supreme Court to continue sand mining in the state.In an emergency meeting chaired by the chief minister, emphasis was laid on alternative sources to procure sand for government projects which have been on hold ever since the HC stay came into effect.During the meet, the mining department was asked to procure sand from mines belonging to the AP Mineral Development Corporation, which has a leasing licence from the Centre, and from neighbouring states. \"Even a day's ban on sand mining is costing the state government dearly. We asked the officials to expedite the process to get permissions from the Centre and at the same time explore alternative steps to continue government projects,\" finance minister Anam Ramnarayan Reddy told TOI after the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13058778", "title": "Public holiday on May 16", "text": "The state government has declared May 16 as a public holiday, 'being the polling day for the general elections to the village panchayat, 2012'. According to a press note issued by the department of information and publicity, the holiday will be a 'paid holiday' to industrial workers, daily wage workers of the government departments and state government industrial departments, commercial and industrial workers of private establishments, all private establishments, daily wage/casual workers employed in any business, trade, industrial undertakings or any other establishments.Restricted water supply to Salcete, Mormugao: There will be restricted water supply on May 12 to Mormugao and Salcete talukas due to power shutdown at Selaulim water treatment plant for pre monsoon maintenance works, states a press note issued by the department of information and publicity.Indian national trade unions meet held: The Indian national trade unions congress was held on May Day. The delegates condoled the sudden, sad demise of late minister Matanhy Saldanha and Shivram Asgaonkar, president of Goa municipal workers union. Working president of Indian National Trade Unions Congress, advocate Ajeetsingh Rane delivered the key-note address. Indian National Trade Union Congress woman's leaders Aparnadevi Rane; unorganized workers' leader Aruna Dhuri, social activist and environmentalist Swati Kerkar; ACGL workers union president Chandrashekar Naik; president of the Goa Diary employees association Kashinath Naik; president of Kundil Ispat Workers Sangh Harish Bhandare; general secretary of Benzoplast workers union Damodar Parab and senior trade union leader Braz D'Souza were among others present on the occasion.Prize distribution at People's HS: The prize distribution ceremony for the academic year 2011-12 of People's high school was held at Goa state museum auditorium at Patto. The prizes were handed out by R Shirsat. PTA chairman Mukesh Desai was also present for the function and besides academic prizes, students won prizes for co-curricular and club activities. Students were recognized at taluka and state level in art, music, drama and various olympiads and students who excelled at the Class X exams were also felicitated. Sairaj Khope was awarded the best student of the year. He also stood first in Goa in the science talent search and mathematics competitive exams, bringing laurels to the school for three years in a row.Ration quota: Ten kg of rice and three kg of wheat per card will be distributed during the month of May to APL cardholders. 50 kg of rice will be distributed to the families of below poverty line (BPL) and 35 kg of Antyodaya (AAY) categories families per card during the month of May. 10 kg of rice will be distributed to the families of Annapurna categories. Sugar will be distributed at 500 g per person per month to the families of Below Poverty Line (BPL). Antyodaya Anna Yojana (AAY) and Annapurna (ANP) per month. Fair price shop owners are directed to lift the stock of the above commodities before May 15 and release the quota of May to the cardholders. They are also advised to display the sample of the quality of commodities supplied to the cardholders. Respective cardholders are hereby requested to draw their monthly ration quota from their respective fair price shop as per their entitlement and sign the register maintained at fair price shops in token of having lifted their quota. Complaints, if any, in case of non-supply of PDS commodities and the quantity and quality supplied by the fair price shops is not found satisfactory - should be made to the office of the department of civil supplies and consumer affairs, Panaji.POWER SHUTDOWNTaleigao (May 9): Between 9am from 2pm. Areas to be affected are Vision Park colony and Camarabhat.Dona Paula (May 9): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected are Raj Bhavan, La Marvel colony, Marivel village and vicinity.Panaji (May 10): Between 9am and 6pm. Areas to be affected are Panaji church, Souza Towers, Velho Filhos, Jesuit House, Progress and Kasturba schools and vicinity.St Cruz (May 10): Between 9am and 2pm. Bambolim substation to Kenkre Estate Tr I and Cabesa T/C for maintenance works.Siridao (May 12): Between 9am and 2pm. Areas to be affected are State Bank, CBI office, IPHB hospital, Gomeco, Gaunkarwado, BSNL quarters, Holy Cross, Arar and Azad colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13058344", "title": "Undertrials clash in district jail; 7 injured", "text": "MANGALORE: Undertrials from two different gangs clashed at district jail here on Tuesday. While Vishwanath, Praveen Kulal, Shivaraj and Somnath assaulted Abdul Majar, an accused in the murder case of a manager of a textile shop around 6.45 am, the associates of Abdul retaliated by attacking Praveen Kulal, Shivaraj, Somnath, Neelaiah, K Munna and Ashok in the evening. Seven persons were injured in the incident.Deputy commissioner of police (law and order) M Muthuraya said the incidents were a case of inter-gang rivalry. \"As per the information gathered by police, it was a case of bad management by the jail staff that led to the clash,\" he said. The second incident too resulted in minor injuries to the undertrials, he noted.Vinay Gaonkar, police inspector, Mangalore north police station said Abdul Majar, who sustained injuries on his head, was taken to the District Government Wenlock Hospital following the incident. He returned to the jail after treatment in the afternoon. The jail staff, instead of taking precautions erred in letting out the two groups at the same time in the evening, leading to a fresh round of counter-assault on Praveen and his associates, Gaonkar said.PS Ambekar, jail superintendent, could not be reached for comments about the two incidents despite repeated calls. The jail staff did not know about his whereabouts and assumed that Ambekar was on rounds inside the jail or had gone to the district hospital to check the condition of undertrials sent there for treatment. Gaonkar said police will move the court to seek the custody of the accused for further questioning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur ", "code": "13060286", "title": "Government to file draft rules of Fee Regulatory Authority by May 21", "text": "JAIPUR : The state government has submitted before the Rajasthan High Court that it will file the draft regulation of the proposed Fee Regulatory Authority for private schools headed by a retired high court judge by May 21.Additional advocate general N A Naquvi told the division bench of Chief Justice Arun Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) that a law is in the pipeline to constitute a Fee Regulatory Authority under the chairmanship of a retired high court judge to see that the chargeable fee is not unjust and not increased unreasonably by private schools.Earlier, the state government was pulled up by the high court on a petition seeking regulation on unjust tuition fees which also highlighted the fact that after a PIL before the court a committee under Justice (retired) P K Tiwari was constituted and the committee suggested various measures in 2006 itself to check unwarranted hike and irrational fees charged by private schools. But the government took no steps.Sources said the law will be on the pattern of the one enforced in Tamil Nadu but it will address the local needs. Care is being taken that the parents are not burdened by the unjust fee structures introduced at any point of time without prior notice in any academic session as also no institution is allowed to charge unnecessary money in name of uniform and excursion among others.The division bench of high court will be informed about the final outcome on the draft bill to be prepared in this regard in three weeks.It may be noted that private educations institutions based on the judgment rendered by the Supreme Court in TMA Pai Foundation case and other similar cases have been raising objections saying state governments cannot interfere in the affairs of private schools and their decision to hike fees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059192", "title": "Domestic help teaches lesson to school prez", "text": "SURAT: Life has been hard for Sita Desai, 40, a domestic help in the city. She has to feed her family of five with her Rs 2,000 monthly earnings as her husband's ill health does not allow him to work. The only bright spot in her life is her two daughters, both of whom go to a municipal school and are toppers in their respective classes. The girls give her hope of a better future.It was for this reason that she was angry when the president of a school asked for a Rs 20,000 donation to admit the daughters despite their academic excellence. Abandoning her inhibitions, Desai had president of New Model School Sushila Rao and clerk Chandrika Baria arrested by the anti-corruption bureau (ACB) sleuths for accepting the donation. After some haggling, Rao had allegedly agreed to reduce the amount to Rs 18,000. Both were caught accepting the bribe.Desai has studied up to just class X but wants her daughters to reach new heights. Her elder daughter Prachi scored 91 per cent marks in class VII and younger daughter Jignasha scored 78 per cent marks in class VI. Studying in class III, her son Rahul is the youngest. All three don't allow poor infrastructure at home or school to come in the way of their studies.\"My children are my only hope,\" Desai says. \"They want to study in a better school. Hence, I tried getting admissions for them in the school. But the donation demand was impossible foe me to fulfill. Friends and relatives told me donations were illegal, so I contacted the anti-corruption bureau and lodged a complaint.\"Desai added she didn't want to punish the school authorities, but wanted to bring the truth to light. \"Desai's step is admirable step. A majority of the people avoid lodging a complaint against donation demands but this lady has shown the courage despite her economically weak background,\" said S G Rana, police inspector, ACB, Surat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057879", "title": "Teams make hay as ticket sales soar", "text": "NEW DELHI: The 'ground reality' is changing big-time in the Indian Premier League. In the ongoing IPL season, the franchises are making much more money than the previous editions from gate collections. A team like Delhi, which made between Rs 8 to 10 crore per season, are expected to make anything between Rs 30 to 40 crore from ticket receipts, top sources in the IPL said.On an average, the Delhi franchise is earning Rs 5 crore from every game it is hosting. On Monday night, in the game against Kolkata, the franchisee collected close to Rs 6 crore from the gate. In Kolkata, even though the rates of tickets have been lowered, the franchisee is still earning Rs 4 crore from sale of tickets every game. Even Mumbai's income from ticket sales is as high as Delhi's. Bangalore and Pune have also been sold out on most match days.The reason for the increase in earnings is basically due to the fact that most spectators at venues are ticket-holders and not pass-holders. The demand for the tickets has been high which has encouraged some teams to be thinking of scrapping the pass system completely since the fans are willing to pay for their tickets. As per the IPL rule, 15 per cent tickets are reserved for the state associations while 5 per cent is meant for the Indian Cricket Board. IPL chairman Rajeev Shukla said: \"It's indeed a good news for the teams. The packed stadiums in most of the IPL venues have encouraged the team owners to rethink their revenue strategy.\"Sources said that demand for tickets from VVIPs like Union ministers, politicians, CMs, bureaucrats and their family members has been as high as ever. Even Shah Rukh Khan, according to sources, had to go into hiding because he couldn't deliver enough tickets to his friends.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059348", "title": "Figurines, coins found in Vaishali excavation", "text": "PATNA: Archaeologists have discovered dancing terracotta figurines, including one which might be of Amrapali, copper coins and a wall during a recent excavation in Vaishali.The excavation, conducted by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI), covered a radius of 40 metres. The ASI team was led by its superintendent (Bihar and eastern UP) S K Manjul.\"We are not sure but our hunch is that the dancing lady could be Amrapali as its features are similar to those described about the ancient Vaishali's 'nagarvadhu' in history books,\" Manjul told TOI.If it is indeed so, it would be Amrapali's first figurine to have been discovered, Manjul said and added though many depictions of dancing women were found during other excavations, the posture, beauty and features of the latest six-inch find are different from those of the other finds.According to Manjul, they found 21 copper coins of the Kushan period (2nd century BC to 3rd century AD) besides punch-marked coins which belong to the 2nd century BC. The punch-marked coins have symbols of animals on them.The team also found a brick wall leading to a gateway on the western side of the excavation site. \"The wall has been constructed of large reddish brown bricks,\" Manjul said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "13060617", "title": "Farmers threaten stir again on May 17", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: Haryana farmers are again up in arms against the government and on Wednesday threatened to launch an agitation on May 17, if their demands, including implementation of Swaminathan Commission report recommendations, were not met.On March 1, around 30,000 farmers had blocked the Delhi-Chandigarh National Highway near Pipli town of Kurukshetra district for over nine hours. They had lifted the blockage after an assurance by Haryana chief minister Bhupinder Singh Hooda to look into their demands.The farmers' leaders have announced that over 50,000 farmers would gather at the same venue on May 17, if their demands were not accepted by the government soon.They have been demanding fixation of minimum support price of rice and wheat as per the Swaminathan Commission report, which recommends 50 per cent of the profit to farmers.\"The CM did not do anything to keep his promise even after two months to resolve the issue,\" alleged Vijay Mehta, state general secretary of Bhartiya Kisan Union (BKU).\"We would soon decide our strategy on whether to block the rail track or road,\" said Gurnam Singh Chaduni, state president of BKU.\"Farmers will proceed to state finance minster Mohinder Singh Chatha's residence at Pipli town as he represents the area,\" said Chaduni.They have also been demanding to allow them to lift sand from their fields, situated in the adjoining areas of rivers, to sell it further. Wild animals, which destroy the crops, have also been a cause of concern for the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058381", "title": "A day after opening, Sena vacates NMC office", "text": "NAGPUR: Just a day after it was opened, the party office of Shiv Sena, partner of ruling Nagpur Vikas Aghadi, was vacated fearing eviction. The party retreated in the face of firm stand of municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal not to allow any facility that is not mentioned in bylaws. He asked officials to issue notice to Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar.Despite instructions from Jaiswal not to allow party offices in the NMC head office as there was no such provisions in bylaws, Talwekar reportedly broke the lock of room allotted to deputy municipal commissioner and opened Shiv Sena office there on Monday.It was Sena's office for the last five years but was repossessed during elections. During inauguration, Talwekar had said the office was being opened as per permission from mayor Anil Sole who had directed the officials to allot rooms for party offices.Sources told TOI, Jaiswal was angry over the encroachment and asked officials to issue show cause notice to Talwekar.\"Talwekar learnt about the notice and vacated the room. He apologized for opening the office without permission,\" said sources who added that the notice was still served.Leader of the ruling party Praveen Datke had also supported Talwekar's encroachment. Datke later refused to comment.It will be interesting to see whether Jaiswal proceeds with same strictness in other cases. BSP group leader and corporators are using the room meant for women corporators.NCP group leader and corporators are using the room allotted for men corporators. The officials have also not removed pictures of party leaders from the offices despite instructions from Jaiswal. The office of sports officer still has picture of Muslim League's leader. The officer and his staff sit beneath the picture. The women corporators' room has photo of BSP supremo Mayawati and men corporators' room has one of NCP supremo Sharad Pawar .Leader of opposition Vikas Thakre had time to time warned of an agitation if NMC spent public funds on party rooms and vehicles to office bearers that are against the bylaws.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13060050", "title": "Bihar teacher held for stadium blast", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore police have arrested a 25-year-old teacher in Bihar in the 2010 Chinnaswamy stadium blasts case.The arrest angered Bihar CM Nitish Kumar , who said Bangalore police officers didn't follow the convention of informing local cops before making the arrest. Bangalore police said that they informed local cops and sought their help in escorting the accused to Bangalore.Mohammed Kafeel Akthar alias Kafeel, who worked in Darbhanga's Al Azari Urdu School, was picked up from Brahasameli village. Seventh to be arrested for playing a key role in the stadium case, Kafeel is said to be a close associate of Bhatkal brothers - Riyaz and Yasin - and plotted to create communal trouble by triggering blasts in Bangalore and many other cities . The accused, Kafeel, has been taken into police custody for further questioning .LeT suspect held in ChamarajpetA 25-year-old habitual offender from Chamarajpet has been arrested for alleged connections with Lashkar-e-Taiba . Abdul Rehman had been arrested in 2005 for allegedly supplying lethal weapons to miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058749", "title": "Tatra trucks scam: CBI questions more people", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Bureau of Investigation has intensified its probe to unearth alleged irregularities in procurement and supply of all-terrain Tatra trucks to the Army and has called some former defence ministry officials and executives of Vectra, involved in the deal, for questioning.Agency sources said they had found documents suggesting the role of some government officials in the multi-crore deal between Tatra Sipox (UK) and public sector undertaking BEML. However, the officials questioned on Tuesday were of middle-level posts.The CBI had reportedly earlier questioned BEML chairman VRS Natarajan, Vectra chairman Ravinder Rishi and director (defence procurement) in BEML V Mohan. Mohan was asked to provide some documents regarding the procurement of components from Tatra Sipox (UK) owned by Rishi, sources said.The CBI has registered a case naming Rishi and unnamed officials of defence ministry, Army and BEML on March 30 for alleged criminal conspiracy, cheating and also under relevant sections of the Prevention of Corruption Act. Both Natarajan and Rishi have denied allegations levelled against them.The CBI is probing alleged irregularities in assigning of supply from then Czechoslovakia-based Tatra, with which the agreement was originally signed in 1986, to Tatra Sipox (UK) owned by Rishi in 1997 showing it as original equipment manufacturer and the fully-owned subsidiary of the Czech company which was against the provisions of Defence Procurement Procedure, sources said.Army chief Gen V K Singh has said that he was offered a bribe of Rs 14 crore by a former lieutenant general to clear the purchase of a fresh batch of 600 trucks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13059749", "title": "All's not well? US envoy to Pakistan quits mid term", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US ambassador to Pakistan, Cameron Munter , has told his staff that he is leaving Islamabad , after serving just over 18 months in a country that has proved to be one of Washington's most challenging and difficult partners in the world.Munter, a career diplomat , reportedly did not see eye-to-eye with Washington, where the Obama administration has taken a tough line on a once-storied ally.Some media reports suggested that Munter \"simply wasn't a good fit with the Pakistani government - and perhaps not with the Obama administration as well\" .But Pakistani commentators said among Obama administration officials, Munter was perhaps the most inclined to accommodate Pakistani concerns with regards to hot button issues like drone attacks and the Pakistani demand for a US apology over the Salala attack.During his 18+ months in Islamabad, Munter navigated some treacherous diplomatic terrain, including the Abbottabad raid that killed Osama bin Laden , punitive drone attacks, and a stand-off over Nato supply route following the Salala attack in which American forces decimated 26 Pakistani soldiers. The incidents lacerated US-Pakistan ties already under strain over attacks originating from Pakistan on interests of the US and its allies in Afghanistan .With ties straining to the point of rupture, Munter appeared to take a soft, diplomatic line over the Hafiz Saeed bounty issue last week in what is often termed as localitis or clientitis, a crude term for a sympathetic hearing for the host country.He was reported telling the Pakistani media that the US did not announce any bounty on Saeed and the matter had been misreported.While Munter was technically correct (the US announced a bounty for information leading to arrest and conviction of Hafiz Saeed and not one for his 'head' ), he appeared to reel back Washington's tough approach that was later spelled out by secretary of state Hillary Clinton in Kolkata on Monday, when she bluntly upbraided Pakistan for not taking any action against the alleged Mumbai attack mastermind.But a blog which first reported the matter said Munter's departure was not related to any policy dispute with Washington or Islamabad.Among the names being bandied around to succeed Munter is Richard Olson, like Munter a career foreign service officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13060051", "title": "Finally, tuberculosis declared a notifiable disease", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has finally declared tuberculosis (TB) a notifiable disease. The announcement signifies that with immediate effect, all private doctors, caregivers and clinics treating a patient suffering from TB will have to report every single case of the air-borne disease to the government.The notification was sent to all states on May 7. Till now, doctors in the private sector were free to treat TB patients, and weren't required to keep a record.The notification said, \"In order to ensure proper TB diagnosis and case management, reduce TB transmission and fight emergence of drug resistant TB, it is essential to have complete information of all TB cases. Therefore the healthcare providers shall notify every TB case to local authorities - district health officer/chief medical officer of a district and municipal health officer of a municipal corporation, every month.\"Those who come under the ambit of healthcare providers include \"clinical establishments run or managed by the government, private or NGO sectors, and individual practitioners\".According to the Union health ministry, private sector is the first point of contact for health services for 60% of Indians.\"Most patients start treatment of TB in private sector. Private doctors use irrational combinations to treat, making them drug resistant. They finally land up in government treatment programme,\" said a senior official of the revised national TB control programme (RNTCP).Multi-drug resistant TB has become a menace in India. Every year, the country reports 15 lakh new cases of TB. WHO says around 73,000 of the notified new TB cases in 2010 were already multi-drug resistant. Of these, less than 3,000 were detected.A ministry official said, \"It's of utmost importance that the private sector reports all TB cases to the RNTCP which has hi-tech labs to test for resistance and provides high quality drugs and testing free of cost to all patients.\"WHO says, 2.1% of all new cases in India are MDR-TB, while as many as 15% of re-treatment TB cases are developing MDR-TB.The notification added, \"Early diagnosis and complete treatment of TB is the cornerstone of TB prevention and control strategy. Inappropriate diagnosis and irregular/incomplete treatment with anti-TB drugs may contribute to complications, disease spread and emergence of drug resistant TB.\"Undiagnosed and mistreated cases continue to drive the epidemic in India. In 2010, an estimated 2.3 million TB cases occurred, and 360,000 patients died of TB, or about 1,000 deaths per day.Nearly one in six deaths among adults aged 15-49 are due to TB. Nearly 100,000 cases of serious multi-drug-resistant TB (MDR-TB) are estimated to occur in the country annually, and each MDR TB case costs more than Rs 1 lakh to diagnose and treat.A ministry note said though a large number of TB patients in India are diagnosed, they are not referred to or notified to RNTCP.\"Develop and deploy systems for notifying patients at TB diagnosis from all sources. With improved notification, RNTCP could improve case management and reduce TB transmission and the spread of drug-resistant TB,\" the note said.Highly infectious diseases such as plague, polio, H5N1 ( bird flu) and swine flu are in the list of notifiable diseases.The 12th five year Plan for TB control added, \"All diagnosed TB cases will be notified irrespective of their treatment or registration status.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056784", "title": "Two IT professionals held for sabotage", "text": "KOCHI: Two software professionals were arrested by city police for allegedly shutting down the entire network of an IT firm without permission and demanding Rs 4 lakh from the company for restarting the network.The arrested were identified as Dileep (32) of Pattambi and Jibin Abraham (22) of Aranmula. While Dileep was the chief technical advisor of the company, Jibin was a programmer. Dileep is a graduate in economics and Jibin a B Tech graduate.The two were arrested by a police team led by Palarivattom sub-inspector V Gopakumar after a case was registered against them under section 65 and 66 of the IT Act. According to police, the IT Company at Palarivattom stores large volume of electronic data of various multi-national companies.The two were handling the networking and programming of the company and had access to key administrative programmes and passwords.About a week ago, they went into hiding after locking the company's entire network. And as the two did not turn up for work, the operations of the company came to a halt and it began to face huge loss of revenue. Based on the complaint lodged by the company, police launched an investigation into the incident.The accused, in the meantime, sent an email to the company authorities demanding Rs 4 lakh to unlock the network system.Though the company brought experts from outside, they could not solve the problem. The accused also approached the clients of the IT firm saying they would help them retrieve the data if they were paid money. The arrested were produced before the court and remanded in judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059043", "title": "Congress shortlists seven candidates", "text": "RANCHI: The Jharkhand Pradesh Congress Committee (JPCC) has chosen seven probable candidates for the Hatia bypoll scheduled for June 12. The list was finalized in a meeting chaired by All India Congress Committee in-charge of Jharkhand Shakeel Ahmad in New Delhi on Tuesday, party sources said.The meeting was attended by JPCC president Pradeep Kumar Balmuchu and leader of opposition in Jharkhand assembly Rajendra Prasad Singh. The names were selected from a list of about 20 party leaders.Ahmad said he has asked Balmuchu and Singh to submit a list of final six probable candidates by Wednesday. \"Once I get the final list I will hand it over to our party president for deciding the name of candidate for the Hatia byelection,\" Ahmad said.The byelection was necessitated after the death of sitting Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Sahdeo in July 2010. However, the Election Commission could not conduct the byelection earlier as BJP candidate Ramji Lal Sharda had challenged the poll results in Jharkhand high court.Meanwhile, Indian Union Muslim League (IUML) announced its candidate for the bypolls. IUML state unit president Syed Amjad Ali said Ziyarat Hussain Ansari will be the party candidate and will file the nomination papers on May 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058727", "title": "With no support, women in IT sector call it quits", "text": "CHENNAI: When software professional Nalini Dinesh got married five years ago, she quit her job with Cognizant in Chennai and relocated to Mumbai. Instead of hunting for another job, she is now building a career as a Carnatic musician.\"The IT sector has become highly competitive. I used to work late into the night or be at office on Saturdays. I didn't want to work long hours in a city like Mumbai where the commute is longer than in Chennai,\" says Dinesh. Many women are calling it a day in the IT industry due to work pressure and lack of support when they want to relocate or raise children. The attrition rate is such that only one in every 10 senior management positions is occupied by a woman, says a recent survey.In IT companies, where more than a quarter of the workforce consists of women, in 2011, only 3% occupied senior roles, 16% were at mid-management level, with 81% remaining at the junior rung, as per a report by global recruitment firm, Kelly Services.\"The biggest reason for women leaving the industry is the life-cycle of an IT professional,\" says Soundarya Rajesh, founder-president, AVTAR Career Creators, an HR consultancy specialising in flexi-timing careers for women. \"Growth means that you move into client-facing roles. And if this coincides with your biological breaks, then there is no choice but to drop off, since client-facing roles are the toughest,\" says Rajesh.Back in the early 2000s, a number of women graduates got into IT, attracted by the money and the new work culture that promised to be supportive. The scene changed despite flexi-timings, e-working and telecommuting options. \"The industry places a high demand on the currency of skills. When women take a break, they have to constantly update their skills,\" says Rajesh. So they move to other industries such as banking, telecom and insurance that have learnt to engage with women by offering mentors, a strong anti-sexual harassment policy and flexible hours.Meenakshi Arul (name changed), who has been working out of home with an IT firm for more than 10 years, says she had to make compromises in her designation and compensation. She quit a managerial role after she had two children in quick succession. \"Now I don't have the hassles of managing a team,\" says Arul. But apart from motivating herself to work from home, she has to show greater commitment.\"When it comes to filling senior vacancies, commitment to the job is critical,\" says E Balaji, managing director and chief executive officer, Ma Foi Randstand, a manpower consultancy.This is where the cost of taking a break becomes too high. \"While other industries can overlook breaks up to five years, IT seeks an investment of time before one can be ready for work,\" says Rajesh. So if the industry doesn't help women to bring down her responsibilities, there is no option but to quit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059272", "title": "Chandy releases Army's pictorial tribute to northeast", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A three-volume work on rich and diverse culture and social life of the Northeastern region of India was released by chief minister Oommen Chandy in the presence of Chief of Army Staff General V K Singh at Pangode Military Station on Tuesday.The Army-commissioned three-set pictorial work, Northeast Trilogy, co-authored by Kunal Verma and Dipti Bhalla, has been conceived as tribute to the bio-diversity, cultural vibrancy and anthropological richness of the entire Northeastern region.General V K Singh said that the book had a great deal of relevance to the Malayalis as more and more people form the North East were finding employment in the state. \"We decided that the book must be launched in cities where the NE people are working. The book is written in simple narrative and contains breathtaking pictures. I am going to request the Centre to request the states to translate the book into all local languages so that more people could understand the North East culture.\"\"It took three years to complete the book. It has only historical references of the Army, but the armed forces were very helpful in completing the project,\" said Kunal Verma. The first volume of the trilogy, 'East of Khangchendzonga', takes the reader through Sikkim , North Bengal, Assam , and Meghalaya. The second volume , 'Brahma's Creation', is devoted entirely to Arunachal and explores 14 of the state's 16 districts, from the plains to the pristine Himalayas.The remaining two districts are covered in Volume III of the trilogy, 'Children of the Dawn', together with Nagaland , Manipur, Tripura, and Mizoram.Chief minister Oommen Chandy appreciated the Army's effort to culturally connect the exotic North East with the 'God's Own Country' and said Kerala's awareness about the North Eastern states was sketchy. Major General Amit Sharma, General Officer Commanding, 54 Division, Lieutenant General AK Singh, General Officer Commanding in Chief, Southern Army Command and Lt. General SH Kulkarni, GOC 21 Core attended the function.General V K Singh was in the state capital on a two-day visit along with his wife. They visited Sree Padmanabhaswamy Temple and also Pazhvangadi Ganapathy Temple, which is managed by the Madras Regiment, on Tuesday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "macherla", "code": "13058227", "title": "Congress government destroying state's image: Naidu", "text": "MACHERLA: Lashing out at both the Congress and YSR Congress leaders, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu said the image of the state had taken a severe beating thanks to the corrupt and fraudulent practices of the leaders. During his day-long tour of Macherla constituency on Tuesday, Naidu said the Congress government, since 2004, had destroyed all the good work done by him during his nine-year rule.\"PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana is a liquor don. He is producing films with benami names. Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy is involved in smuggling of red sander logs from Rayalaseema and has pocketed more than Rs 1,000 crore. YSR Congress chief Jaganmohan Reddy has amassed massive properties and assets,\" Naidu said at an election meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059282", "title": "Dancer Uma Thapasyananda to perform in city", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Danseuse Uma Thapasyananda will stage a Mohiniyattam performance in connection with the inauguration of Mukthi, an international centre for Mohiniyattam, in the city on Thursday.The performance, titled 'Parshathee Pranaya Parvam', would he held at 5.30pm at Panchayat Association Hall, near Kanakakkunnu Palace here. Mukthi is being set up with an aim of providing space for in-depth study and popularization of Mohiniyattam, said the organizers of the event here on Tuesday.The inaugural ceremony will be organized with the lighting of 108 lamps, symbolizing the Vedas and Upanishads, by 108 eminent personalities, including ministers, political leaders, artists, film actors and celebrities from different of fields, amidst chanting of Vedic hymns.It will be followed by a unique Mohiniyattam interpretation of the relationship of Panchali with her five husbands. The presentation, 'Parshathee Pranaya Parvam', will focus on the 'sthayee bhavam' (ever-sustaining emotion) of love.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "udhagamandalam", "code": "13060222", "title": "CM may flag off Ooty flower show, dates not yet finalised", "text": "UDHAGAMANDALAM: The Chief minister, J Jayalalithaa is likely to inaugurate the 116th Annual Flower Carnival at the Government Botanical Garden in Ooty. However, the summer festival committee comprising the horticulture department officials and the district administration has not mentioned about her arrival. Also, the committee is yet to confirm the dates for the flower show.Earlier the flower show at the Government Botanical Garden in Ooty used to be the curtain raiser for the Summer Festival; however, this year the festival was inaugurated with the Vegetable Show at the Nehru Park in Kotagiri on May 5, followed by Spice Show in Gudalur on May 6..Sources said the CM's programme to visit the Nilgiris has upset the dates of the shows and the officials are in dark about the remaining dates of the show.A press-release by the Nilgiris district administration, a few days ago, said that the Summer Festival starting from May 5 would last till May 31. The press-release also said the Rose Show will be inaugurated on May 12 and will be held for two days. A photo exhibition, as part of the festival, will also be conducted in Ooty from May 21 till end of the month. Further, a boat race will be conducted on May 24 at the Ooty Lake and a boat peasant will be held on May 25. The press-release did not mention about the dates for the Flower Show to be held in Ooty and Fruit Show to be held in Sim's Park Coonoor.K Mohan, joint director of Horticulture told TOI, \"As of now even the dates for the Rose Show is not yet confirmed. Only by Wednesday, we will come to know about the dates for the Rose Show.\"Meanwhile sources in Chennai said the CM is expected to visit the Nilgiris this month however the dates are yet to be finalised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058506", "title": "KR Hospital discontinues snake serum", "text": "MYSORE: In the wake of half-a-dozen snakebite victims developing serum sickness after being administered Anti Snake Venom (ASV), the Krishna Rajendra hospital authorities have called for an examination of the snakebite serum procured from a private distributor.Alert medical officers stopped administering a particular batch of anti snake venom after some patients complained of alleged reaction on Sunday and Monday. Doctors say as serum is obtained from animal blood and is given to people to protect them from poison, there will be slight reaction, but they don't want to take any chance.A source claimed that patients requiring ASV were reportedly asked to procure it from the market or referred to private hospital. However, the hospital authorities denied the allegation.\"There was no problem following the development as we had arranged for ASV soon after the drug of particular batch was withheld,\" Mysore Medical College and Research Institute dean and KRH medical superintendent Dr Geetha Avadhani told TOI.She said that they have requested the drug controller to examine nearly 2,800 vials of ASVs which have been kept back and after the analysis, a decision on whether to use them will be taken.\"The hospital has stocked the snakebite serum to avoid any inconvenience to patients. At present, we have 500 ASVs to treat the patients. Each patient will require nearly 20-30 vials of ASVs, including 10 on the first day of treatment,\" Geetha said.Each vial of ASV costs Rs 900 in the market, but at KRH, it is being given at Rs 80.Meanwhile, a doctor claimed that not all snakebite victims require administering of ASVs and it depends on the type of snakes - venomous or non-venomous, which has bitten them. Previous year, they received some 492 cases, but only 250 required ASV.On an average, KR hospital, popularly known as 'Doddaspatre' (Big hospital), receives two dozen cases every month from Mysore and surrounding districts. Patients given ASVs will be kept under observation round-the-clock as a precaution. The doctor claimed that no casualty was reported in the hospital previous year.District surveillance officer D N Nagaraj said previous year, they had treated some 299 cases in PHCs, community health centres and general hospitals, which are under their control, in the district.According to Nagaraj, six persons in Mysore had died of snakebite in 2011. The medical officer claimed that there is no dearth of ASVs in their centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad ", "code": "13060049", "title": "Rahul Sharma apart, 4 other cops face CD heat", "text": "AHMEDABAD : The matter of CDs containing the details of phone calls made during the 2002 riots period has become an unending saga . The issue of missing CDs has come back to haunt not only their maker , senior IPS officer Rahul Sharma , but also four other cops including two IPS officers who are in the dock for not utilizing the records .In all , five investigators are in trouble for the missing CDs - one for not preserving data , four others for not utilizing it.The state government went after Sharma nine years after the incident for allegedly misplacing \"a vital piece of evidence\" . Sharma has been contesting a legal battle before the Central Administrative Tribunal (CAT) to remove charges of professional misconduct the state government has levelled against him .On the other hand , the Supreme Court appointed Special Investigation Team (SIT ) has recommended major penalty against IPS officer G L Singhal and DSP Tarun Barot for not putting to use the call records , though the issue of existence of data was in public domain . By then Sharma had given copy of the CDs to the inquiry commission . Being senior officials with the city crime branch in the last decade , they were the investigators in major post-Godhra riots cases of Gulbarg Society , Naroda Patia and Naroda Gam before SIT took over the probe in 2008 .The other two officers - suspended DIG D G Vanzara and ACP S S Chudasama - got benefit of doubt by the SIT for ignoring Sharma's CDs. But both could not escape amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran's attention . \"It would be unjust to spare those people who conducted partisan or negligent investigation . Hence , this issues needs to be addressed . The role of the officials in the crime branch , especially Vanzara and Chudasama , needs to be inquired into especially in light of the statement of Rahul Sharma ,\" the amicus writes .While these five are now facing charges of negligence and inappropriate investigation in connection with the CDs, there are many others that are recommended to face departmental proceedings . Ramachandran wanted criminal trial against M K Tandon and P B Gondia in the matter .However , the curious case is that of two Vadodara's cops - then JCP K Kumaraswami and ACP Ramjibhai Pargi . On accusation that the Best Bakery case was compromised and they had deposed before the trial court as defence witnesses, the SIT has recommended departmental action for major penalty against them by setting up a committee by government to fix their responsibilities .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13059941", "title": "Have tinted glass? Pay fine from May 19", "text": "Any car found with darktinted glasses will attract a penalty from May 19. The rule is clear - 70% visibility must for front and rear glasses and 50% for the side glasses. According to additional commissioner of police (Traffic) MA Saleem, 85%-90 % of the cars in the city are using darker glasses. \"Our experience shows that criminals have often in the past used darker glasses to escape. Road accidents occur due to use of darker glasses and the visibility of traffic cops on duty too goes down.''Car manufacturers adhere to the prescribed rule. So when people buy a car, they have the right density tinted glass in place, it is only later that vehicle owners replace it with darker glasses, said officials.It's mandatory for the entire country to have only the recommended density of tinted glass in place as per the Supreme Court decision. Delhi and Mumbai are the only two cities where the rule has been imposed by the state governments .\"We are spreading awareness and are educating people against the use of dark glasses. We have held talks with cab associations and taxi drivers associations and they have agreed to get the darker glasses removed,'' said Saleem.However, Z and Z plus security status vehicles (chief minister and governor rank onwards) are exempt from this rule.Consultation CampsTraffic police will set up consultation camps at a few places in the city where vehicle owners can even get their dark glasses removed and put the permissible density tinted one in place. Camps will be organized at Kanteerava Stadium, BRV Grounds, Indiranagar (near the RTO office), among other places, from May 10.The PenaltyCases will be booked under Nos 92 and 100 of the Central Motor Vehicles Rule read with section 177 of Central Motor Vehicles Act. Those found violating the rule after May 19 will attract penalty Rs 100. If the rule is violated for the second time, the penalty will be Rs 300 while for the third consecutive violation, it will be Rs 300 and the driving licence will be suspended.Citizens SpeakIf people choose to use dark tinted glasses, they should be allowed the right to shield themselves from the outside world. By defining the density of tinted glass, the authorities are actually intruding into the zone of personal liberty of denizens- Arvind Narain | Lawyer with Alternate Law ForumWomen drive at night and feel unsafe. I feel comfortable and secure driving behind dark tinted glasses- Rabina Khan | A banker who drives to workOften people use darker tinted glass to protect their vehicles from Sun rays to ensure the vehicle doesn't get damaged.- Viren M Raheja | 18-year-old college studentTransparent glass needs to be in place, otherwise it becomes easy for criminals to pick up girls. People on the road, including traffic police, should at least be able to see what's happening inside a vehicle. Being the only woman passenger in a bus travelling from Devanahalli to Whitefield, I felt safe only because the vehicle has transparent glass.- Reshma Kaur | Resident of WhitefieldMany illegal things that are currently reported will automatically come to an end with darker glass making way for prescribed tinted glass. Also, vehicles move on public roads, so the question of privacy is ruled out, at least in public spaces. And the rule will help in keeping a check on crime against women.- Sampangi Rame Gowda | divisional traffic officer (Operations), BMTCGangrapes are quite commonly reported from vehicles which use darker glasses. Safety comes first. The crime rate will surely come down with the doing away of darker glasses. Women, particularly those working in night shifts, will feel safer using cabs which have better visibility quotient.- Shruti Kedia | 21-yearold graduate", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13062624", "title": "Dalip Singh Saund among Asian American trailblazers: Obama", "text": "WASHINGTON: Identifying first Indian-American Congressman Dalip Singh Saund as among early trailblazers for Asian-American community, president Barack Obama said the community must be treated beyond as the model minority.Reaching out to the untapped Asian American community ahead of the November presidential elections, Obama said treatment of Asian Americans must go beyond treating them as the \"model minority\" to better understand the challenges faced by many groups, especially recent immigrants.Majority of the Asian Americans, among the early immigrants, Obama said didn't had money.\"A lot of them didn't have belongings. But what they did have was an unshakeable belief that this country -- of all countries -- is a place where anybody can make it if they try,\" he said.\"Now, many of them faced hardship; many of them faced ridicule; many of them faced racism. Many were treated as second-class citizens -- as people who didn't belong. But they didn't give up. They didn't make excuses. They kept forging ahead. They kept building up America,\" he said.\"But they were trailblazers like Dalip Singh Saund -- a young man from India who, in 1920, came to study agriculture, stayed to become a farmer and took on the cause of citizenship for all people of South Asian descent,\" Obama said addressing the annual gala of Asian Pacific American Institute for American Studies.\"And once Dalip earned his own citizenship, he stepped up to serve the country he loved -- and became the first Asian American elected to the Congress,\" Obama said amidst a round of applause.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057638", "title": "Music, games and prizes leave residents craving for more", "text": "KOLKATA: Jalavayu Residency on the southern fringes of the city stood witness to saw a flurry of activities on Sunday evening. Soaked in the spirit of fun, games, competition, entertainment and prizes, and more the residents of inmates of the housing complex could not have asked for more. Times Evening ,organized by The Times of India, ensured a well spent evening to all who were a part of itthe evening.The children of the complex painted their imagination in bright hues in the sit-and draw competition. Class-VIII student Addyanta Biswas walked away with the first prize followed by Mayuree Bhattacharjee and (class V) with the second prize and Kumar Sudip who came second and third respectively. (class VII) with the third prize.In the made for each other contest, Colonel Vinod Shah and Sovna Shah emerged winners. Madhur and Eha won the second prize while Colonel GS Batyabyal and Bharati secured the third placewere the third prize winners.After sweating it out in the kitchen and dishing out mouth-watering recipes, Amala Banerjee's Chicken Kadam won the heart of the judges' hearts in the master chef competition. SV Shah's Thandwi won the second prize while S Senapati's Misthi Payesh won the third prize. Renu Guliani's was awarded a special prize for her Gulab Roshomalai won the special prize.In the tambola round, prize for quick five went to PK Dutta while prizes for the first, second and third row went to lieutenant commander and secretary of the housing society A K Banerjee, Dipti Chakraborty and Pankaj Makkad respectively. Prize for the full house was bagged by A K Biswas.The event Times evening was presented by Volkswagen in association with Club Mahindra, Colors, Medica Superspecialty Hospital and Aviva Life Insurance. Prizes were sponsored by IFB, Palki, Propello Innovations Pvt Ltd (PIPL), Sunkwik, Manyavar, Rolex Opticals and Tangerine. Avisek Mukherjee, marketing manager of PIPL and the company's branch manager Prasun Majumder handed over prizes for the tambola.It was not all. There were cooking lessons and demonstration too for the residents. Jhuma Burman from IFB taught how to cook chicken pizza, papad and pop corn in the microwave. Celebrity chef Pradip Rozario also demonstrated how to prepare Bhetki Capsicum and grilled chicken in the micro oven.The evening drew to a close with At the end lead vocalist Debangshu Majumdar and his band Nightingale belting out rocked the night with foot-tapping numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "burdwan", "code": "13057548", "title": "Crop damage drives farmer to suicide", "text": "BURDWAN: The 45-year-old farmer, distressed over crops that were damaged in the recent nor'westers, took pesticide on Monday. Dalim Pal, a resident of Notungram village under Bhatar police station area, was immediately admitted to Burdwan Medical College Hospital (BMCH) where he died on Tuesday. The body has been sent for autopsy.Dilip Pal, a relative of the deceased, told TOI, \"Dalim had 17 bighas of cultivable lands. He had taken a loan of Rs 60,000 at a high interest rate from a local mahajan. Besides cultivating vegetables, he used the money to cultivate boro crops on about 10 bighas. But due to a series of squalls in the past few weeks, the crops were badly damaged and this concerned him.\"Dalim had cultivated aman crop in the last season but failed to sell the harvest. Depressed over the rising burden of debt, the farmer used to have regular quarrels with his wife, said sources. TNNHis only son works at a private company in Durgapur. Hence, Dalim used to look after the entire cultivation himself.SDO (North) of Burdwan, Prasanta Acharya said that he has sought a detailed report of the incident from the BDO of Bhatar. There have been a number of farmer suicides in several villages of Bhatar in the past one year. Incidentally, Bhatar MLA Bonomali Hazra is the chairman of assembly standing committee on agriculture but that has changed nothing, said sources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13060656", "title": "Tota Singh moves HC for stay on conviction", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab agriculture minister Tota Singh moved an appeal before the Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday, seeking stay on his conviction in a corruption case.A special court of Mohali on Saturday sentenced one-year rigorous imprisonment to Tota Singh for misusing official car during his previous tenure as state education minister from 1997 to 2002.In his appeal, Tota Singh has pleaded that he was given a private vehicle with unlimited fuel and there was no need for him to misuse the official car. The minister also submitted that the lower court, in its judgment, had cast serious aspersions on the investigating agency.He submitted that the investigating agency was biased against him and he was implicated in the case.Tota Singh was sentenced after convicting under Section 13 (2) of Prevention of Corruption (PVC) Act. Court had also slapped a fine of Rs 30,000 on him.Now, his appeal is expected to come up for hearing on Thursday.However, he was released on bail on production of a surety bond of Rs 25,000 and was given time till June 5 for filling an appeal against these orders. Had he not approached the high court for suspension of the sentence, he would have to surrender before the Mohali court on June 5.The case against Tota Singh relates to a car number, PB65-A-270, which was issued to one Veena Dada OSD to the then chairman of the Punjab School Education Board (PSEB) for her official use but the said car was actually used by Tota Singh and his family members in their constituency. The case was registered by the state vigilance bureau in 2002.During the trial, Veena tried to save Tota Singh by claiming that she had actually used the car while visiting with education minister for the official purpose. However, the court found that she had actually countersigned the entries in the logbook of that car but it was not being used by her, thus misused by Tota Singh and his family for personnel purpose. The court, however, acquitted Tota Singh from two other charges of disproportionate asset (DA) and misusing of telephone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "13059831", "title": "Ripley's site highlights Irom Sharmila's strife", "text": "IMPHAL: Irom Sharmila Chanu's 11-year hunger strike against the Armed Forces (Special Powers) Act has been featured in 'Ripley's Believe It or Not !'. The franchise, founded by Robert Ripley, features bizarre events and unusual items. Just Peace Foundation (JPF), a trust formed by a rights activists, is the force behind getting Sharmila's cause highlighted on the Ripley's website.\"After a meeting of all trustees of the foundation, we sent dossiers of Sharmila's struggle to Lucas Stram, researcher of Ripley Entertainment, in April,\" said Kshetrimayum Onil, a JPF trustee. \"Sharmila was featured in Ripley's April 13 web edition,\" he said.The site displays a sketch of Sharmila with hwe short, saying: 'Irom Sharmila Chanu, an Indian political activist known as the 'Iron Lady of Manipur' has been on a continuous hunger strike since Nov 2 , 2000, to protest the Armed Forces (Speical Powers) Act,\" Onil said.Known as Memngou among her family and locals, Sharmila (40) has been fasting since a November 2000, when Assam Rifles soldiers mowed down ten civilians, including a National child bravery award recipient, at Malom village in Imphal West. She is being forced fed through her nose at the Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Science (JNIMS) in Imphal East.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13058828", "title": "No more digging of roads in South Goa sans prior permission", "text": "MARGAO: The South Goa district collector, N D Agarwal, has in a recent order banned the digging of roads for laying pipes or cables in the district henceforth without obtaining prior permission from the office of the district magistrate.The order states that there have been a large number of complaints received from the general public that while digging roads many a time water pipelines get damaged thereby resulting in the wastage of potable water.\"In order to avoid such instances and unnecessary hardships to citizens due to damage caused to the potable water pipeline by the different agencies involved in the digging of roads for laying pipes and cables, an immediate preventive and speedy remedy is required,\" the district magistrate noted while issuing the order.Chief minister Manohar Parrikar , at a meeting held by him with senior officials of the water supply department at the South Goa collectorate on April 30, had taken serious note of the frequent puncturing of water pipelines by the electricity department and sewerage corporation while laying or repairing cables, and had directed the officials to take immediate measures to put an end to it. Stating that the problem lies in the lack of coordination between the agencies, Parrikar had instructed them to take prior approval from the district collector for digging roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060395", "title": "8-year-old raped by brick kiln worker", "text": "PUNE: The Hinjewadi police on Monday arrested a 25-year-old brick kiln labourer for allegedly raping an eight-year-old daughter of another labourer. The incident took place in Punawale on Sunday evening. He also tried to kill the girl by throwing her into a well, but she, somehow, managed to come out of the well, which was mostly dry, after two hours, and told about the incident to her parents.Balu Raoji Gaikwad, a resident of Punawale, was arrested after the girl's parents lodged a complaint against him on Monday. He has been charged under sections 376 (rape) and 307 (attempt to murder) of the Indian Penal Code.Police inspector P D Patil of the Hinjewadi police station said the incident took place around 5.30 pm when the girl's parents, who also work at the same brick kiln, had gone to Dange chowk to purchase some things.Patil said, \"Gaikwad approached the girl when she was with her siblings in the house. He lured her by saying that he would give her mangoes from a tree located in a farm near their house. As the victim knew Gaikwad, she went along with him.\" Patil said, Gaikwad raped the eight-year-old at a secluded spot near the farm.Fearing that she would tell her parents about the incident, Gaikwad, in an attempt to kill her, threw her into the well, but the well had just two to three feet of water.In the meantime, when the girl's parents did not find her in the house, they started looking for her around the place. When they asked Gaikwad if he had seen her, he told them he did not know anything about her.The girl, who was in the well till then, managed to come out of it with the help of a rod around 9.30 pm. \"She went to a nearby house and told them about the incident. The residents of the house immediately took her to her house,\" Patil said.Patil said, The girl's parents came to the police station on Monday after she narrated the entire incident to them.\"Gaikwad is married and has a four-year-old daughter and a six-month-old son. He was arrested from his house on Monday. The girl is undergoing treatment at a hospital,\" Patil added.Gaikwad was produced in a court on Tuesday and remanded to police custody till May 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059368", "title": "Nitin Gadkari promises separate ministry for weavers if NDA comes to power", "text": "NEW DELHI: With an eye on the 2014 Lok Sabha polls, BJP president Nitin Gadkari on Tuesday said a separate ministry would be created for weavers and artisans if the NDA came to power.\"We have decided to write in our manifesto (for 2014 general elections) that if the BJP comes to power, the textile ministry will remain but for handloom, handicrafts and artisans, an independent ministry will be established,\" Gadkari said.Addressing a weavers' conference organized by the BJP, he said the party manifesto would also recommend giving interest free loans up to Rs 50,000 to weavers and artisans. \"Different packages have been declared for weavers like the ones before UP elections, but the ground reality is that the circumstances in which weavers live have not changed,\" Gadkari said.He said the party's vision document would also mention its plans to create 10 crore jobs in the handloom and handicrafts sector.Accusing the central government of not being sensitive towards the needs of the poor, the BJP leader said, \"If we take the government criteria for poverty, that is Rs 66 a day, which is less than Rs 2,000 a month, is it possible for weavers to live in this budget. Can they get medical treatment and medicines with this money? The criteria for defining poverty needs to be redefined and workers and artisans should be given health insurance.\"Taking a swipe at rival parties, Gadkari said they were only family concerns. \"Any leader who is worried about the future of his or her son and not the future of the country will not be able to develop the country. There is a mother who keeps thinking what kind of prime minister her son would make. Another leader is happy that his son has become chief minister,\" he said.Describing BJP as \"the party with a difference\", Gadkari said it was in this party that a common man like him, whose mother was not an MLA or father an MP, could rise to become its president. \"This is not the party of Nitin Gadkari, Arun Jaitley, Sushma Swaraj or Atal Bihari Vajpayee but the party of lakhs and crores of our workers,\" Gadkari said.\"If I am being seen on television it is not because of my own deeds but the strength of lakhs and crores of workers,\" he said. Some people feel they have become MLAs because of their strength, but in reality it is the strength of the workers, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059312", "title": "Handwriting in Viveka\u2019s diary to be analyzed", "text": "MUMBAI: The city crime branch has sent Mauritian-born Indian model Viveka Babajee's personal diary for handwriting analysis. Babajee, stock-broker Gautam Vora's girlfriend, had allegedly committed suicide in June 2010, but the police had not analyzed the handwriting in her diary.The crime branch, which is probing the double murder case of Arun Tikku and Karan Kakkar, have arrested Vora, criminal Vijay Palande and his wife Simran Sood last month. \"We want to verify if the handwriting of any of the arrested accused matches with that in the diary. Till now it was believed that the diary was written by Babajee,\" a police officer said.The suicide note had said: 'Gautam Vora, you killed me' and almost led to the implication of Vora. The case of Babajee's death was shut by the Khar police owing to lack of evidence against Vora.Handwriting samples of Palande, Sood and Vora have also been taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059579", "title": "Corporators want to be on Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation\u2019s open spaces panels", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has asked corporators of the improvements committee to give their final list of suggestions and objections to the open spaces policy by May 20. A final decision over the controversial policy will be taken in a meeting following that.The draft open space guidelines had recommend that for recreation grounds (RGs) above 5,000 sq m, 25% of the plot be given to a private trust on caretaker basis while the remaining 75% remain with the BMC. However, despite activists' opposition, the policy has not been changed in the new draft.Corporators on Tuesday demanded they be made part of the committees in the policy. The policy specifies setting up garden review and scrutiny committees. The garden review committee (GRC) has been introduced to make allottment of open spaces transparent. Former mayor Shraddha Jadhav said the presence of an elected representatives was necessary. \"How can there be a panel without corporators?\" she said. BJP corporator Dnyanmurti Sharma said, \"Corporators should be present as officials would not always present a clear picture to the commissioner.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13059963", "title": "ComedK aspirants caught at airport", "text": "BANGALORE: Three students who appeared for the ComedK undergraduate entrance test on Sunday were caught by Bengaluru International Airport police for trying to travel on the tickets of others on Tuesday afternoon .All the three , Nitesh from Uttar Pradesh and Vikas Kumar and Shamsher Bahadur Singh from Bihar , were trying to board flights with tickets issued in names of some others .\"The three students were arrested and produced before court which remanded them to judicial custody . They had produced PNR numbers issued through mobile phones meant for some other travellers . There was strict vigil at the airport in the background of a recent alert from central agencies about a possible terror attack by a human bomb ,\" DCP (North-E ast ) G Ramesh told TOI.He said police are also checking whether the three had impersonated others in the ComedK examination .\"An impersonation racket was revealed when police raided several agents who block medical and engineering seats . We know that all the three students were returning to their hometowns . They might have been involved in the impersonation of aspirants for ComedK ,\" said a police officer .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059019", "title": "Companies asked to submit report on coal blocks", "text": "RANCHI: State development commissioner Debasish Gupta has asked the three state-owned public sector undertakings -- Jharkhand State Mineral Developed Corporation (JSMDC), Jharkhand State Electricity Board (JSEB) and Tenughat Vidyut Nigam Limited (TVNL) to submit detailed report on the end use of coal form the coal blocks allocated to them by the Union government.The directive was issued by Gupta followinga meeting with the representatives of these three companies on Tuesday.Sources present in the meeting said that representatives of these companies were called by the development commissioner in the wake of the stand taken by Union government to de-allocate all coal blocks which have not been developed.There are 12 coal blocks with the three companies and none of them have been able to start mining.Recently, the JSMDC, which has eight coal blocks, even tried to start operation in three coal blocks having grade coking coal by entering into joint venture with private players.After completing the process, the coal blocks were not allotted to the successful bidder.A meeting has been convened on May 12 to take final decision on the allocation of the three coal blocks to the successful bidders.\"The JSEB also claimed to come up with power plant at Patratu and in November 2010 had even convened a meeting ofinterest private companies willing to invest money but again nothing concrete has emerged till date,\" said a source.Deputy secretary (energy) VK Mishra, who was also present in the meeting, said that the state government is serious to ensure utilization of coal blocks allocated to the three companies.\"We expect that the companies will soon submit the report on end use of the coal from the coal blocks allocated to them so that de-allocation is prevented,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059779", "title": "More women filing for divorce, says HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay high court on Tuesday said more women were filing for divorce, while dissolving a marriage after a woman told the court that she couldn't put up with daily beating from her husband.A division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta were hearing a petition filed by Bhavna Puri challenging the family court's March 6, 2010 order dismissing her petition for divorce. She married Vipin on February 15, 2001. Subsequently two girls were born. She said Vipin ill-treated her and did not allow her to contact her parents.Vipin's advocate told the judges that he wants her to return. Bhavna's advocate said four mediation efforts by the court had failed and she is willing to forego maintenance but will seek custody of one of the two minor children.The judges observed that educated couples were behaving irresponsibly. They said now more women are filing petitions for divorce. \"Why do you marry in the first place? Either child will be deprived of father or mother. Children are not guilty and yet they have to suffer,\" said Justice Majmudar. \"Marriage is not a child's play,\" he said.Bhavna addressed the judges saying she does not want to return to Vipin. \"I did not leave home just like that. I was fed up of daily beating and fights,\" she said. The judges noted that since Bhavna is not willing to stay with Vipin, there is no option but to direct that their marriage stands dissolved. The judges granted Bhavna right to move appropriate proceedings for custody of her children. \"When miya-biwi is not raazi, then court can do nothing. We are unhappy to see the marriage end,\" Justice Majmudar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059427", "title": "CM fumes at Karnataka cops for action in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar has condemned the Karnataka police for arresting a person from a Darbhanga village on Sunday without informing Bihar police.\"This is totally wrong and not legal,\" Kumar reacted on Tuesday and said he has sought a report on the details of the matter. On his directive, DGP Abhayanand has already lodged a verbal protest with his Karnataka counterpart. \"It is a serious matter and will be brought to the notice of the Union home ministry,\" Kumar said.DGP Abhayanand told TOI he spoke to Karnataka DGP Abdul Rahman Infant. \"We will also send a written protest to the authorities concerned,\" he said and added the arrest should have been made as per rules and not in the way it was made.Darbhanga SSP Garima Malik said neither the Keoti SHO nor she was informed about the arrest. \"I have already sent a report to the state police HQ,\" she said and added such actions could create law and order problem.An eight-member Karnataka police team arrested Kafil Akhtar, a 24-year-old Islamic Studies teacher at Al-Hira school in Darbhanga, from Barsamela village under the Keoti police station area. His family members were told he would be sent back soon.Sources said Kafil has been arrested in connection with the blast outside the Bangalore's Chinnaswamy stadium an hour before an IPL match on April 17, 2010. At least 15 people were injured in the blast. The Karnataka police are learnt to have arrested seven people in this connection so far. Agency reports quoted Bangalore police commissioner B G Jyothiprakash Mirji as saying that Kafil was an associate of a top operative of Indian Mujahideen.Kafil's father Abdus Salam said a co-villager, Kafil Ahmad, was arrested a few weeks back apparently in connection with the blast. \"He named one poet Kafil Akhtar during interrogation,\" he said and added the cops took away his son though he was not a poet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060085", "title": "336 people fined in April for crossing railway tracks", "text": "PUNE: The railway administration took action against 336 people for trespassing on the railway tracks in a drive conducted at all prominent railway stations in Pune division in April. The authorities said the offenders were asked to pay a fine, and Rs 45,750 was collected from them. The offenders were given a warning not to repeat the offence and make sure that they use the foot-over-bridge (FOB) to cross the tracks next time.A railway official said action against illegal crossing of tracks will continue at all prominent stations in Pune division. The official said such drives are not aimed at imposing fines, but to warm passengers not to get involved in the dangerous task of crossing the tracks and put their lives in risk.The official said all prominent station in the division has FOBs. At Pune and Shivajinagar stations, there are two FOBs each at two ends. Passengers should make use of these FOBs to cross the tracks. During the drive, every day at least 10 to 12 people were caught walking on tracks, said the official.The railway administration has planned to construct an additional FOB at Pune station. The work is expected to commence in the current financial year.During the drive, the administration also registered 662 cases against illegal hawkers and people involved in pulling chain of trains and smoking in railway premises. A fine of Rs 200 was imposed in every case of smoking in railway premises. Action was initiated against the offenders under various sub-sections of the Railways Act. Fine of Rs 1.60 lakh was collected under these cases.Besides this, the administration in last four months took action against 18 people who were involved in illegal sale of railway tickets at the railway station premises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "13058970", "title": "'I have a dream'", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The zeal to take the road less travelled saw Payal Jain, a Civil Lines resident, taking up a venture she had no prior experience in, giving up a rather safe and sound business of hosiery she was involved with.Payal started Yoghourt Factory, a cafe offering delicious flavours of frozen yoghourt, on Malhar Road in June 2011. Her new venture is soon being discussed among the foodies who favour deserts. Payal, 44, along with her husband Sandeep, had ventured in to hosiery export in 1992, which got a tremendous response. But, there was an urge to do something which none had tried in the city yet, says Payal, adding, \"I got the idea of a yoghourt store during a Europe trip as I felt Ludhianvis' love for food will esnure its success.'' Sandeep was a bit reluctant to the concept initially, but Payal's dedicated efforts convinced him soon, she says.Payal spent about an year and a half conceptualizing the venture and shaping it up on ground. \"The USP is frozen yoghourt is different from ice-cream, low in calories, fat free and is rich with calcium. We get all the ingredients from Europe and are the first yoghourt only store in Ludhiana,'' says Payal.Among the refreshing flavours served at Yoghourt Factory are kiwi, grapes, watermelon, pineapple, honeydew melon, lychee and pomegranate. Payal is now planning to start a fast food cafe adjoining her yoghourt outlet in order to tap the response she is getting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060314", "title": "Even God can't control crime in Uttar Pradesh: Minister", "text": "LUCKNOW: When Samajwadi Party rode to power on March 6, a senior government functionary, who had worked in the previous SP regime had quipped, \"Dulha (Akhilesh Yadav) kaisa bhi ho, baarati (Samajwadi Party workers) to wahi hain.\" His apprehensions appear to gain some strength, as one after the other incidents of SP MLAs, riding high on their success has left the party top-brass red faced.From riding a horse on a railway platform to threatening a cop of beating him with shoes, SP MLAs appear to do whatever they can to embarrass their senior leaders. And that too at a time when the party is gearing up to attain a national face.If the above instances were not enough, minister for stamp, court fees and registration Durga Prasad Yadav in Gorakhpur said, \"Even God would not be able to control crime in UP. Such (crime) incidents are routine. Crime will continue even if God forms a government in UP,\" said Yadav, who himself is a history-sheeter with over two dozen cases registered against him, while replying to media queries on deterioration of law and order in the state. After realising the slip, the minister tried to balance his statement by adding, \"Strict legal action is being taken and will be taken against those involved in criminal activities.\"The law breaking face of the SP MLAs has been clearly evident in the last two months of SP regime. On May 5, SP MLA from Allahabad's Handia constituency, Mahesh Narayan Singh, threatened a station officer to abide by his order or get ready to be thrashed with shoes. It was only on Tuesday that an FIR was registered against Singh.A month before, on April 1, Shakir Ali, the MLA from Pathardeva in Deoria, reached the station and mounted a horse. For almost an hour he made a spectacle of himself. Oblivious of the inconvenience caused to the passengers, Shakir rode up and down the platform with his supporters raising full-throated slogans for almost an hour.On March 20, supporters of textile minister Mehboob Ali brandished guns during a victory procession on a 35-kilometre stretch from Moradabad to Amroha. The SP members blocked roads for over four hours even as residents trembled apprehending the situation may turn unpleasant. The situation had turn so unpleasant that even SP chief Mulayam cancelled his Delhi itinerary.It is not only the MLAs who have been a cause of worry for the SP chief. The ministers too have been contributing their bit to embarrass the SP leadership. Be it cabinet minister Azam Khan's face off with Ahmed Bukhari or state minister Rajaram Pandey appointing his favourite as chairman of Khadi Gramudyog, without even informing the party bosses.\"The trend is a worrying for the party. Both Netaji ( Mulayam Singh Yadav ) and state president Akhilesh Yadav have been insisting repeatedly to maintain a good conduct,\" said party spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary.Party sources said that the incidents are certainly denting the image of SP while giving the opposition the much needed ammunition to launch an attack. \"The party claims of putting a curb on criminals. But at the same time, it has faltered on keeping its own MLAs under a check,\" said Congress spokesperson, Dwijendra Tripathi.The sudden spurt of such incidents, however, does not surprise political observers. \"People are matching the personality of Akhilesh Yadav with the party cadres. With passage of time this demarcation may become even more glaring,\" said JP Shukla, a political analyst.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jamhedpur", "code": "13058971", "title": "Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry for early arrest of criminals", "text": "JAMHEDPUR: The trader's community is irked over the police department's failure in making substantial progress in a firing case in which businessman Vinod Kumar Jaggi was shot at on Monday by unidentified criminals.The trader's representatives on Tuesday demanded that the senior police superintendent, Akhilesh Jha should order a thorough probe into the matter and also sought early arrest of the criminals.A delegation of the Singhbhum Chamber of Commerce and Industry, (SCCI) visited the victim's house and also Golmuri market to understand and learn the concerns of the local traders, mostly grocery wholesalers.A rice merchant, Jaggi, was shot at by unidentified criminals following an altercation over the demand of Rs.50,000 extortion money at his shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13077723", "title": "A musical journey with Priyanka Chopra", "text": "A songstress herself, Priyanka Chopra has a long list of favourite numbers. However the actress says that the songs of her forthcoming movie, Teri Meri Kahaani, will now be added to the list of her favourite songs.\"Music directors Sajid-Wajid have made some amazing songs for the film and I've loved all the songs\" she said.\"'Allah Jaane' is a beautiful romantic Indian song. Then there's 'Humse Pyaar Karle Tu' which is shot in a jail. It's where Shahid's character, Javed sings for Aradhana. She joins him in the song and says 'jahan dono ke beech shaero-shayaari ki ek kaawaali hoti hai', which is a tit for tat. It's a fun song. Unfortunately I don't get to dance in the song because my character is very demure and properly behaved, so she cannot dance.I made it a point to constantly nag choreographer Chinni sir to let me dance on that song. He finally relented and gave me a little step in the end,\" laughed Priyanka.\"Then there's Mukhtasar which is one of my favorite songs from the film, It is one of the songs that you can blare on your car's music system when on a long drive with your windows rolled down,\" says Priyanka.The actress narrates, \"We were shooting at nights for this song. Choreographer Ahmed Khan had just told us that the song would be shot near a telephone booth. When we started shooting he had not given us any particular instructions. We were simply told that there would be a bike and we had to behave as if we were stealing it. Beyond that we could do whatever we wanted. So that was a lot of fun,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059482", "title": "IIT will get barriers to shut out noise", "text": "MUMBAI: Professors and students at the IIT, Powai, will soon be able to have classes without traffic noise, thanks to a 1,500-metre noise barrier. Estimated to cost Rs 3.5 crore, the structures will be ready by the month-end.MMRDA joint project director, Dilip Kawathkar, said, \"The IIT campus will be noise-free. We have installed similar noise barriers at the BKC successfully. The decibel levels in Bandra-Kurla Complex have come down from 98 decibels to the acceptable limit of 55 decibels,'' he said. The IIT campus is adjacent to the Jogeshwari Vikhroli Link Road, which is being built by the MMRDA and many residents had asked for sound barriers to mitigate the noise. The barriers are being installed from Powai lake to the end of IIT's boundary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13057442", "title": "Sakaala to go online in a month's time", "text": "BANGALORE: The citizens' charter services or Sakaala will go online in a month's time.Urban development minister S Suresh Kumar announced it while addressing over 150 members of Resident Welfare Associations (RWAs) from all over the city. \"There are many complaints on delay in different services and we get corruption calls too. A separate helpline for non-Sakaala-related public grievances will be set up,'' he said.Stating that Sakaala which guarantees delivery of government services in a stipulated time has been an eye-opener for the government too, he said: \"The receipt of service requests is very low in BBMP than what is expected. In particular, it is expected that there should be about 600 births and about 150 to 200 deaths registered per day in Bangalore. This is calculated using Karnataka average Death Rate of 7 per thousand and Birth Rate of 22 per thousand. The actual registration is much lesser,\" he said.\"The overall pace of citizens availing notified services in BBMP is much lesser than expected and needs to improve. This could be attributed to lack of awareness of Sakaala. Besides, for a civic agency like BBMP, having just five services under Sakaala is not sufficient and the number of services covered under the scheme must be increased. Earlier, we didn't impose on any agency about the services that must be enlisted under Sakaala, but now we have realized that there is need to increase the number of services. Pension is one such service and talks will be held with the chief minister on this regard,\" he said.He said another area of concern was the building plan approvals. In the last three months, there have been only 58 applications of building plan approval received. These are the approvals for sanction of house plan for up to 2,400 square feet area. \"But the real estate activity in Bangalore is active and it is hard to believe that just 58 houses are under construction. This means that not every property owner who builds his/her house is coming forward for a building plan sanction approval,\" he said.He said that public meetings will be held in each of the assembly constituencies to bring awareness about services under Sakaala and a workshop for all 198 corporators of Bangalore will be held.One-time issuance of caste certificateFrom now on, if you get the caste certificate once, you don't have to apply for it every year. \"The caste certificate once issued holds good for ever,'' said the minister.An eye on passport clearanceFollowing the delay in the police verification for passport, the Regional passport authorities had approached us. Now police department takes 90 days for normal passport. But the timeline that must be followed is 30 days. Police claim that the delay is because the applicant is not available at the residential address at office hours. We are trying to link the police verification for passport through Sakaala. It is an inter-departmental issue and the public will not have to apply for passport under Sakaala. They will get their passport without delay,\" said Shalini Rajneesh, principal secretary, Department of Personnel Administration and Reforms.Help centres for birth/death registrationsMayor D Venkatesh Murthy said that totally 77 centres across the city will be started for birth and death registration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058598", "title": "Race for IAS tag hots up", "text": "HYDERABAD: With officials in the peshi of important politicians and constitutional heads figuring as probables who would be conferred admission to the Indian Administrative Service (IAS) cadre, influential sections in the state have managed to get the interview that is normally held in New Delhi in Hyderabad.Accordingly, the interview for selection of four non-revenue service Group-I officers for the IAS for the years 2008, 2010 and 2011 is to be conducted in the state capital on May 15. The committee that will interview the candidates comprises the chief secretary, revenue principal secretary or a senior IAS officer, two officials from the Union Public Service Commission (UPSC) and two secretary-level officers named by the Centre. By holding the interview in Hyderabad, those lobbying for certain candidates hope to convince the committee, including the two UPSC officials, of the suitability of their nominees, a possibility that gains more chances when the selection happens in Hyderabad than in Delhi, said sources.Among the 20 candidates in the fray for the four openings are governor E S L Narasimhan's joint secretary P Basanth Kumar, officer-on-special duty in the CMO Surender Reddy, PCC president and transport minister Botsa Satyanarayana's brother-in-law Krishna Murthy, revenue minister N Raghuveera Reddy's officer-on-special duty NVSS Srinivas, roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao's OSD D Vizai Bhaskar, tourism minister Vatti Vasant Kumar's private secretary R Amarender Kumar and state cadre officer and GHMC additional commissioner K Dhanunjay Reddy.The selection had in fact been carried out in November 2011, but the process got stymied after an aspirant who did not make the cut moved the central administrative tribunal (CAT) and subsequently the high court, which stayed it.The stay was subsequently vacated, thus paving the way for the conferment process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059063", "title": "US will remain committed to Afghanistan even after pullout: Hillary Clinton", "text": "NEW DELHI: US secretary of state Hillary Clinton on Tuesday said that even after the Nato-ISAF withdrawal in 2014 from Afghanistan, US and NATO will maintain a \"commitment of security and development support''. She said US will support Afghanistan's security and stability and will contribute to building capacity in their government, and enhancing their economic growth and development.\"That will continue. I think the details of that are being worked out on our side, speaking just for the United States , with the strategic agreement. And now we will negotiate a security agreement,'' she said at a joint press interaction after her meeting with foreign minister SM Krishna.\"There are a couple of milestones up ahead. At the Nato meeting in Chicago in about two weeks, there will be a reaffirmation of our commitment to Afghanistan, both to the transition to Afghan-led security and then after 2014. The Indian government will host a private sector conference to encourage more private sector investment in Afghanistan in June,'' she added.Clinton said the al-Qaida plot to bomb a US bound airplane in Yemen suggested that terror groups keep trying to devise more and more perverse and terrible ways to kill innocent people. \"It is a reminder why we have to remain vigilant,\" she said.\"The device did not appear to pose a threat to the public air service but the plot itself indicated that the terrorists keep trying to devise more and more perverse and terrible ways to kill innocent people,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057898", "title": "Minimum Export Price removal boosts onion trade", "text": "NASHIK: After the removal of Minimum Export Price (MEP) by the Central government last week, traders are now bracing themselves for onion export and have started storing onions.Due to this, quantities of onions that arrived at the district's wholesale markets has markedly increased over the past two days.Around 1.11 lakh quintals of onion were auctioned at the two major APMCs in the district-- Lasalgaon and Pimpalgaon -- within the last 48 hours.Although, there has been an increase in the quantity of onions that arrived, wholesale prices at the various APMCs in Nashik district have stabilised, hovering within the range of Rs 375 to Rs 400 a quintal.\"After the removal of MEP, onion traders have geared up for export transactions. They have started storing onions and their participation at wholesale markets has also increased. This has helped trade, as the summer crop has a shelf life of six to eight months compared to the kharif crop, which is highly perishable, with a shelf life of around two months only,\" an official from the Lasalgaon APMC said.The average wholesale price of onions in Lasalgaon APMC, Asia's biggest onion market, was recorded at Rs 375 a quintal on Tuesday and Rs 370 a quintal on Wednesday.The quantities of onion that arrived here were around 10,000 quintals a day during last week, but this amount almost doubled to 20,000 quintals a day over the last two days. Around 40,000 quintals of onions were auctioned within this 2-day period.The average wholesale price of onions in Pimpalgaon APMC, the second largest wholesale market in the district, was recorded at Rs 425 a quintal on Tuesday, against Rs 400 a quintal on Wednesday. Onions which arrived in quantities in the range of 12,000 to 15,000 quintals per day at Pimpalgaon APMC, increased to 30,000 to 40,000 quintals per day over the last two days. Around 71,618 quintals of onions were auctioned here in the last two days. Around 42,668 quintals on onions were auctioned on Monday, while around 28,750 quintals of onions were auctioned on Tuesday at Pimpalgaon.On April 2, the central government had announced the removal of MEP on onion by June end. The decision was taken after a nationwide demand by farmers and traders who said that the removal would boost onion export so farmers and traders could command better prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058572", "title": "The political power of play", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Like in a typical Forum Theatre - a conceptual approach to political theatre begun by Brazil's Augusto Boal in early 1970s - a performance is closely attuned to the experiences of the audience. Thus responses are often immediate. Easily able to connect, theatre has been harnessed worldwide for delivering messages and is yet, fortunately, still entitled to be called an art.In the city, the Budhan group shares a similar history. Found in 1998, for the social uplift of de-notified tribes staying in Charranagar, the theatre group recently hosted Ahmedabad Theatre Festival - bringing 27 plays from seven states. After the festival's success, the group decided to exert itself beyond the role of a community theatre, by founding the Budhan Theatre Society.\"Each year, we produce at least 3 to 4 plays based on social and political issues. Through theatre we have found a voice and want it to reach beyond our community,\" says Dakxin Bajarange, creative director of Budhan Theatre Society. \"The society is our gift to the city. We are kick-starting with the two-day Black Comedy Theatre Festival, where all four performances will be political satires.\"The curtain raiser of the festival is the adaptation of the Italian playwright Darlo Fo's 'Accidental Death Of An Anarchist'. The issues of custodial deaths and freak encounters weave its way into this Gujarati adaptation. The other plays are - 'Bakri', enacted by Chhara community children questioning set belief systems; Nadia Babbar's 'Dayashankar Ki Diary' sketching out the struggling life of an aspiring actor; and an adaptation of Prem Chand's 'Bade Bhaisaab'. More than 25 actors from Chharanagar will participate.The theatre group has been working in the field of community development for 14 years and has performed around 500 shows across the state.\"We are looking at a self-sustained Budhan Theatre Society, hence we require people's contribution. I think that it will be to more meaningful way to run a socially-focused theatre group that will act as a change agent,\" says Bajarange. The two day festival will be held on May 12 and 13 at Gujarati Sahitya Parishad. The passes are available at the venue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060263", "title": "Adulterated milk: Government files report on action against offenders", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government on Tuesday filed a detailed compliance report before a division bench of Rajasthan high court elaborating on the action taken against suppliers of adulterated milk in various parts of the state.The court will give its final verdict on May 21.A division bench of high court, while hearing a suo moto PIL in March, had asked additional advocate general S N Kumawat to file the action report on the campaign against adulterated milk in Rajasthan.The court had earlier observed that the state government was not taking strict action against offenders.The matter was listed for hearing before a bench headed by Chief Justice Arun Mishra.\"The bench was convinced with the action report filed by the government and has decided to finally adjudicate the PIL. It was brought to the court's notice that 1,21,881 samples were collected between January 21 and April 20, of which 582 milk samples were found unhygienic and misbranded. Of these, 346 samples were collected from private dairies. Notice has been issued to them,\" said Kumawat.\"We are now taking action under the new Act on food safety and standards effective from 2009. The bench has asked to file a written statement highlighting all such facts by May 23,'said Kumawat, AAG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13059202", "title": "Students almost miss exam as college goofs up", "text": "TRICHY: A faux pas by the management of the Bharathidasan University Constituent College in Lalgudi, Trichy on Tuesday nearly ruined the chances of 42 students to pass their B Lit degree course, who were unaware that they had to appear for the university exam in the Gender Studies paper, a common subject for final year students across all disciplines.Sources said the college functioned from its main building at Lalgudi and at a small structure in Manakkal, some three km away, to accommodate the increasing number of students. Half of the 400-plus students assembled to write their exam at Manakkal, but the 42 B Lit students, however, failed to turn up. The college management immediately swung into action and the students were individually informed to assemble at the venue. While the students of other streams started their exam at 9.30am, the B Lit students were mobilized at the college only around 11am.The university's controller of examinations, Ganesh, invoked Rule 8 of the university examination statute and allowed the students to write the exam. \"There was some communication gap and we allowed the students to write the exam while the other students who started their exam at 9.30 am were not allowed to go out of the exam hall,\" Ganesh said. Playing down the incident, Ganesh further said that there was no embarrassment and it was just a clerical error.Principal (in-charge), S Karthic blamed the head of the department R Jaishankar for failing to inform the students in advance. \"The college had informed all the HODs and the examination time-table had been delivered to them in time,\" Karthic claimed.\"There was a mix-up in the dates of the exams and I did not know that the exam on the subject of 'Gender Studies' was scheduled today (Tuesday),\" Jaishankar said.However, there were some contradictory statements, as the superintendent of exams Shibu told TOI that the 42 students started writing their exam as early as 9.50am, while Ganesh stated that he came to know about the incident at 10.30am. A girl student, who did not want to be named said that she came to know of Tuesday's exam through another student and the exam stated at 11 am.Shibu also said that the students would be reprimanded for failing to take note of the time-table displayed on the college notice board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058407", "title": "Now, pay more to enter city zoo", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Kanpur Zoological Garden have decided to hike the ticket rates for the visitors. This decision has been taken to ensure generation of more revenue. Director, Kanpur Zoo, K Praveen Rao, while confirming the hike said, \"At present, the zoo charges Rs 15 from an adult visitor. Now this amount has been increased to Rs 20. For sub-adults and students, the ticket charges have been increased to Rs 10 from existing Rs 5.\"\"Student groups with over 25 people in it will be given 10% off on visiting Kanpur zoo. On Sundays and Gazetted holidays, Rs 25 would be charged from an adult visitor. Those willing to visit 'Macchali Ghar' will have to pay extra charges. All these measures will help us in generating more income for Kanpur zoo,\" said the zoo director. The morning walkers who come to the zoo will also have to pay the revised rates. The charges for carrying video and moving camera by the visitors inside the zoo have also been changed. All the revised rates have been implemented from immediate effect, he said.Meanwhile, the Kanpur Prani Udayan Prabandh Evam Vikas Society has cleared an amount to the tune of Rs 84.22 lakh, which would be spent by the Kanpur Zoo towards spreading awareness among kids and for renovation and enclosure repairs. The society had held its first general body meeting on April 30 in Lucknow.The meeting was chaired by R K Singh, secretary forest. It was during the meeting that various proposals were passed, including providing Kanpur Zoo Garden a sum of Rs 84.22 lakh, which can be spent on repairing of the animal enclosure, renovation of Lake View Building and other construction works. Also, the amount would be used towards conducting educational activities for which an education officer on contract would be hired by the zoo authorities. The zoo would, thereafter, be holding activities for students with a view to educate them about the importance of wildlife and nature.\"The staff of Kanpur zoo will get winter jackets. The office infrastructure will also be strengthened with the amount sanctioned by the society. A food distribution van will also be procured so that the food is distributed to different enclosures in a hygenic manner,\" said director, Kanpur Zoo.Also new pheasant houses will be constructed in a phased manner and first phase would be completed this year itself, he added.To note, Allen Forest Zoo, now known as the Kanpur Zoo is the largest open green space in Kanpur. Originally a natural habitat for fauna, it is one of the few zoos in India which were created in a natural forest. The Allen Forest Zoo is located about two kilometers from the city's center.The zoo is an oasis of green, a natural lake, and ancient trees, and encompasses the largest land area of any zoological garden in Asia. The Zoological Park in Kanpur was the brainchild of one Botanist Sir Allen, a member of the British Indian Civil Service.Sir Allen wanted to open the zoo in a natural forest, but his plans were stuck in bureaucratic red-tape and did not materialize. When the zoo was opened in 1971 by the government of independent India, it was named after him.Meanwhile, the Kanpur Prani Udayan Prabandh Evam Vikas Society has cleared an amount to the tune of Rs 84.22 lakh, which would be spent by the Kanpur Zoo towards spreading awareness among kids and for renovation and enclosure repairs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059295", "title": "Ministry of environment and forests okays eco panel for Mumbai\u2019s projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) on Tuesday agreed to a Maharashtra government proposal to have a separate panel for giving the green nod to Mumbai's projects.Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan met Union environment minister Jayanthi Natarajan in New Delhi on Tuesday to push for this committee. The setting up of a separate panel will give a huge boost to several development projects for Mumbai that were in the pipeline, state officials claimed.Many of these projects have been on the cards for some time and have been the subject of intense debate between the government, which wants to push the projects, and the green lobby. Some of the more important projects not yet approved but considered important for the city include the coastal road from Nariman Point to Malad, the proposed Shivaji statue in the Arabian Sea and the contentious project for an Ambedkar museum. The panel will also give preference to projects in the mining, realty and industries sectors.It takes about 15 months for the existing green panel to take up a project, say officials. \"The new panel will expedite these projects and give a boost to Mumbai's development,\" Chavan said.Another major victory for the state is the Centre's agreeing to keep a notification, which the city's developers' lobby has found contentious, in abeyance. The notification made it mandatory for every proposed high-rise building to have a road of a certain width beside the building plot; it also required a fire brigade unit within a certain distance from the structure.Chavan, officials said, succeeded in convincing Natarajan about the \"real problems\" in implementing such a decision in Mumbai. \"The MoEF notification has now been kept in abeyance,\" a senior official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059873", "title": "HC reserves judgment in murder case involving Sarbananda Sonowal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Tuesday completed the hearing in the murder case of student leader Saurav Bora in Dibrugarh in 1986 in which BJP leader Sarbananda Sonowal was one of the accused.The high court, however, reserved the judgment in the case.\"The high court here today finished hearing the arguments in the case and reserved the judgment,\" said Bijon Mahajan, counsel of Sonowal.Meanwhile, Sonowal, after the court's procedure, reiterated that he was a victim of the Congress party's conspiracy to tarnish his political image. \"I waited a long time to end this case. Although the CBI found nothing against me, I was summoned again. But I have full faith in the judiciary and believe I will definitely get justice,\" said Sonowal. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13056866", "title": "Top guns join hands to ensure security", "text": "NOIDA: The city administrators have decided to join forces to step up law enforcement to extend the facility of \"mega city policing\" to residents as called for by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav . On Tuesday, Noida's chief executive officer met the senior superintendent of police and district magistrate to chalk out several plans.Underlining the need of better interaction between security agencies and the public, the SSP, Parveen Kumar called for more recruitment in the security set-up as \"police-population ration is abysmal\". \"Being so close to the national capital, Noida requires policing on the lines of Delhi,\" Kumar said.The CEO meanwhile has promised to fast track the setting of five new additional police stations in the district, besides a fire station on the Noida-Greater Noida Expressway. \"The need of the hour is to provide state-of-the-art and quick policing to the people of Noida,\" Kumar said.During the meeting, the modalities of setting up a police call centre with trained employees, who will act as nodal points between callers and the police, was also discussed. \"Next on our agenda is to set up a call centre in Sector 29,\" the SSP said.Also on the anvil is a dedicated cyber crime cell and ambulances to attend to medical and accident emergencies. An area will also soon be earmarked for stationing PCR vans to attend to SOS calls. \"The idea is to shorten the response time to a call for help,\" the SSP said.The SSP has also requested the Noida chief for assistance in traffic management. A request for more than 100 private security guards to man strategic locations identified by the police has been made. \"These guards will work on a 14-hour shift between 8am and 10pm to help streamline the traffic,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059089", "title": "\u2018Sita followed Ram, why can\u2019t you?\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday invoked the Ramayana to try and persuade a woman to join her husband at his posting in Port Blair, while in another case the court succeeded in convincing the wife that marriage was more important than her computer training.Hearing an appeal by the husband against the family court's dismissal of his divorce plea, a division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta asked the wife why she could not join her husband. \"You should go to him. When Sita could join Ram in vanvas, then why can't you go?\" asked Justice Majmudar.The bench was hearing a case by Ajay Singh, a senior officer with the Shipping Corporation of India, challenging a family court's January 7, 2012 order dismissing his divorce plea but granting his wife's plea for maintenance of Rs 20,000 per month. Ajay had moved the family court for divorce on the grounds that his wife Anjali had deserted him.The couple married in April 1999 and had a daughter in May 2000. Ajay was posted to Port Blair on April 17, 2006. But Anjali refused to join him and in May filed a petition for maintenance and told the family court that Ajay was ill-treating her. Ajay subsequently filed for divorce.In the high court, Anjali's advocate said, \"There are reasons why she does not want to live with him.\" The judges called the couple to their chamber but could not reach a settlement as Anjali remained adamant.In the second case, the judges were successful in convincing a Pune couple to remain united when the appeal against a family court order came up for hearing. The family court had dismissed husband Suresh's plea for divorce on grounds of cruelty because his wife Smita Joshi was not willing to have sex with him. Smita in turn appealed to double the maintenance amount.Suresh had told the family court that Smita \"would threaten that she would shout loudly and gather all the family members\". Smita said her mother-in-law was opposed to their sleeping together.At a previous hearing, the high court had told the couple to stay together for a week. On Tuesday, Smita told the judges that she is happy and Ajay \"has entered the bedroom\". Justice Majmudar riposted, \"Obviously, only he will enter the bedroom. He's your husband.\" The judges directed the couple to continue their \"probation\" for further four weeks,\"Try to win the hearts of each other during the summer period. Go outside Pune city. Go to Mahabaleshwar,\" said Justice Majmudar. But then Ajay had a complaint. \"She's out of home all day,\" he said. Smita's advocate told the court that she was undergoing computer training. \"Leave computer training aside. This training is more important than computer training,\" said Justice Majmudar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13058326", "title": "Speeding sand lorry kills boy, set on fire", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A sand lorry was set on fire and two other lorries were damaged by angry villagers after the sand lorry killed 12-year-old boy and injured his brother after knocking them down in Rudrur village in Varni mandal on Tuesday afternoon.Shadullah and Qasim were crossing the road after offering prayers in a nearby mosque when the lorry ran over them. Shadulla died on the spot, while Qasim received suffered fractures on his legs and hands.Enraged over the incident, relatives and family members of the boy set the lorry on fire and damaged windowpanes and tyres of two other lorries. They staged a rasta roko on the Varni-Rudrur main road stalling the vehicular traffic for over one hour demanding Rs 3 lakh ex-gratia to the kin of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058709", "title": "In another stabbing case, HC lowers life sentence to 10 years", "text": "PANAJI: Reducing the sentence of life imprisonment imposed by a trial court, the high court of Bombay at Goa recently ordered a 10-year jail term against Clive Ellens on charges of stabbing to death Valentine Stephen Dias at Mangor Hill, Vasco, in 2007.The prosecution case was that on October 18, 2007, the accused attacked the deceased with a sharp-edged knife inflicting multiple stab injuries. The victim sustained grievous injuries and died. The prosecution argued that the offence was grave as the deceased died on account of stab injuries while undergoing treatment. Prosecution also stated that the accused was last seen with the deceased before his death and they both were not on talking terms.On April 15, 2009, the additional sessions judge at Margao convicted Ellens under Section 302 of the Indian Penal code (IPC) and sentenced him to undergo life imprisonment and to pay a fine of 5,000. However, the accused had challenged the sentence before the high court.During the hearing in the high court, the accused's lawyer Galileo Teles argued that the deceased had slapped Ellens which led to the scuffle. Teles contended that in the heat of passion, accused suddenly gave blow of knife on the chest of the deceased without any intention to kill him. He further stated that it was not a case of murder and that at the most, the case may fall under Section 304 part II of IPC (culpable homicide not amounting to murder).While pointing out that injuries were caused to vital organs, the public prosecutor said that though the quarrel between the accused and the deceased took place on the terrace, the incident of killing the deceased occurred on the ground floor.While altering the sentence, the high court observed thus: \"In the sudden fight in the heat of passion upon the sudden quarrel, the accused stabbed the deceased. There is nothing to indicate that the accused had taken undue advantage or had acted in an unusual manner. Therefore the conviction of the accused under Section 302 of IPC cannot be sustained and is required to be altered to be under Section 304 Part I of IPC.\"The high court further ordered that the accused is sentenced to undergo rigorous imprisonment for a period of 10 years and also to pay a fine of 5,000. In default, Ellens, would have to undergo further rigorous imprisonment for two months, the court noted", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13058968", "title": "Uranium Corporation of India Ltd to introduce schoolchildren to basics of nuclear energy production", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: Taking a clue from CSIR-NML school integration programme, the premier nuclear energy enterprise of the country, Uranium Corporation of India Ltd (UCIL), has drawn up a chart to integrate prospective nuclear scientists with the fundamentals of nuclear energy production process.In the first phase, the Jadugora-based Uranium Corporation has planned to join hands with the surrounding schools of Jadugora and Narwa in Potka blocks.\"The school integration programme will commence after the summer vacations, wherein students of respective schools will be visiting the information centre (at Narwa) for a practical session on fundamentals of nuclear energy,\" said UCIL Management Training Center (MTC) in-charge Pronoy Roy.The information centre, which is part of the MTC, houses the modern scientific tools that are used at different stages of uranium processing and enrichment exercise, leading to the nuclear energy production, besides the achievements of the department of atomic energy and UCIL.\"Along with scientific tools, we have technology innovation models, isotopes and nuclear science literature, at the information centre,\" said an MTC official.The idea behind inviting the students to the otherwise protected site is on various counts. First and foremost, UCIL aims to popularize nuclear science among teenagers and secondly, the corporation wants to demystify the process of nuclear energy generation.\"Prolonged agitation by villagers against Kundakulam nuclear plant in Tamil Nadu (recently) stems from lack of knowledge about the fundamentals of nuclear energy and misgivings about the pollution issues related to enrichment exercise,\" said a senior UCIL scientist, suggesting effective integration session with the students, to address the misconceptions.Although young scientists from Bhabha Atomic Research Center (BARC) visit the UCIL plant frequently for hands-on study of the subject, but it is for the first time when UCIL will open its gates for school students.According to information, UCIL will get in touch with the city-based schools in the second phase, for integration session with the students.\"Initially, the students will be invited once a week and the session may begin in June,\" said Roy.Although young scientists from Bhabha Atomic Research Center visit the UCIL plant frequently for hands-on study of the subject, but it is for the first time when UCIL will open its gates for school students", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059489", "title": "Railways to run summer special train", "text": "PATNA: The railways has decided to run a summer special train between Patna and Delhi (04023-04024) from Tuesday to clear rush of passengers. This bi-weekly train will run up to June 27, ECR CPRO Neeraj Ambastha said. According to him, the train will run every Wednesday and Sunday from Patna while it will run every Tuesday and Saturday from Delhi to Patna. The train will have a load combination of 18 bogies, including two AC-3, 11 sleeper class, three general bogies and two SLR (brake vans), the CPRO said, adding the fare would be the same as it is being charged for mail and express trains between Patna and Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059756", "title": "Respite for residents; city to get more power", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Summers are likely to be little more tolerable this year with lesser power cuts after UT is set to get more share in power from the Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) run power houses. Chandigarh, which was earlier getting 40 mega watts from Bhakra, Dehra and Pong dams will now get nearly 75 MW, which is nearly double the power it was getting earlier.The change in scheme of things has come into effect following a Supreme Court judgment where the apex court, while settling the claims of Himachal, also addressed the needs of UT. A B Agarwal, chairperson, BBMB said, \"Earlier, UT did not have a very specific share. It was getting some power from the Bhakra power house but not from others. But after the judgment, the shares of all states and partners have been specified. Now, UT gets an allocated 3.5% share from Bhakra, Dehra as well as Pong dams.\"The additional power that UT is now getting is expected to provide respite to residents. With the power generation of BBMB also expected to be more than its set target, UT will only benefit more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13060045", "title": "Rs 2 crore relief for Meira Kumar for use of official bungalow", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union urban development ministry has withdrawn a recovery notice of about Rs 2 crore rent dues from Lok Sabha Speaker Meira Kumar for the use of a government bungalow.While the Speaker has in an earlier occasion said that she had vacated the bungalow in November, 2002, and received a no-dues certificate in March, 2009, the ministry's records show Kumar as the occupant till June, 2010.A query filed by activist S C Agrawal last November revealed that a bill of Rs 1.98 crore was due as pending rent from Kumar for occupation of the premises since 1986 after the demise of her father Jagjivan Ram. \"It is stated that a bill of Rs 1,98,22,723 was issued in the name of family of late Indrani Devi in respect of 6, Krishna Menon Marg,'' UD ministry's directorate of estates said in response.A year later the ministry chose to ignore its own paperwork and in an RTI reply in May said that they had received a clarification from the Speaker stating that she had vacated 6, Krishna Menon Marg on November 28, 2002 ``...a decision has been taken by the ministry to treat this as the date of vacation and as per orders the recovery notice was withdrawn,\" the ministry said.Sources in the Speaker's office said these issues had been clarified previously by the government.Concerned with such contradictory statements from the ministry, the Central Information Commission (CIC) has asked for disclosure of information related to allotment, occupation and use of 6 Krishna Menon Marg by family members of late Indrani Devi, including her daughter Meira Kumar.Chief information commissioner Satyananda Misra on Monday asked the UD ministry to ensure all the information was available on its website within two months. Agarwal had sought details, including file notings and correspondences between different government ministries related to allotment and use of the bungalow.Agrawal had pointed out that the ministry had sent contradictory responses or information from various authorities concerned regarding the bungalow and its use.In his order, Mishra said, \"He (Agrawal) showed us several replies received from the Directorate of the Estates, Central Public Works Department (CPWD) and others which, instead of throwing clear light on the issues, confused the entire matter. For the sake of transparency, it is extremely important that all the information relating to the allotment, occupation and use of this bungalow should be brought out in the public domain.'' He asked the ministry to give Agrawal the information within 20 days.The CIC said that the UD secretary should take necessary action and ensure that the information is on the ministry website within a period of two months.The urban development ministry in a statement on Tuesday said that the bungalow 6, Krishna Menon Marg was the official residence of Babu Jagjivan Ram. \"Subsequently, it was allotted to his widow Indrani Devi for life. After she passed away, the family members of late Indrani Devi vacated 6, Krishna Menon marg by 30.11.2002, and intimation in this regard was given to CPWD, NDMC, Directorate of Estates and other concerned authorities. NDMC disconnected water and electricity supply immediately. None of the family members of late Indrani Devi have, thereafter, been in the occupation of the premises,\" the statement said. The ministry clarified that Kumar, even as minister of social justice and empowerment (2004-2009) lived in her private accommodation in New Delhi and a no-dues certificate was issued to her on March 27, 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059769", "title": "\u2018Marriage more important than company training\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The high court while hearing an appeal against a family court order that dismissed Ajay Singh divorce plea asked his wife Anjali to join her husband in Port Blair, where he was posted.The couple married in April 1999 and had a daughter in May 2000. Ajay was posted to Port Blair on April 17, 2006. But Anjali refused to join him and in May filed a petition for maintenance and told the family court that Ajay ill-treated her. Ajay subsequently filed for divorce.In the HC, Anjali's advocate said, \"There are reasons why she does not want to live with him.\" The judges could not reach a settlement as Anjali remained adamant.In another case, the HC judges were successful in convincing a Pune couple to remain united while hearing an appeal. The family court had dismissed Suresh's plea for divorce on grounds of cruelty because his wife Smita Joshi was not willing to have sex with him. Smita, in turn, appealed to double the maintenance amount.Suresh had told the family court that Smita \"would threaten that she would shout loudly and gather all the family members\". Smita said her mother-in-law was opposed to them sleeping together. At a previous hearing, the HC had told the couple to stay together for a week. On Tuesday, Smita told the judges that she is happy and Ajay \"has entered the bedroom\". Justice Majmudar riposted, \"Obviously, he only will enter the bedroom. He's your husband.\" The judges toldd them to continue their \"probation\" for four weeks.\"Try to win hearts of each other during the summer period. Go outside Pune city. Go to Mahabaleshwar,\" said Justice Majmudar. But Ajay complained, \"She's out of home all day.\"Smita's advocate said she is taking computer training. \"Leave computer training aside. This training is more important,\" said Justice Majmudar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13060248", "title": "Rajasthan High Court seeks explanation on shifting of Maderna to Jaipur jail", "text": "JODHPUR: The Rajasthan High Court on Tuesday issued notices to the state government and the CBI seeking explanation from them regarding the shifting Mahipal Maderna from Jodhpur to Jaipur jail. Maderna had filed a petition in the court challenging his shifting. He is currently under treatment here for his backache.Government counsel Pradhyumn Singh said Maderna in his petition has mentioned that neither the high court had given any direction regarding his jail shifting nor the government has any lawful right to shift the jail of any undertrial. \"Both these grounds are hollow as a direction of the high court is not need and there is no law barring the government from shifting the jail of an undertrial,\" Singh said.\"The decision was taken by the state government on a plea of the CBI in the high court through a written affidavit citing threats to its officials and with a view to influence the investigation of Bhanwari Devi case, Maderna has raised these points in his petition,\" CBI counsel Panne Singh Ratadi said.While hearing the petition, Justice Sangeet Lodha issued notices to the state government and the director (CBI) seeking their explanations by May 19.It may be recalled that Malkhan Singh Bishnoi has also filed a similar petition challenging his shifting of jail on similar grounds as those of Maderna. Both Madnrna and Bishnoi were shifted together from Jodhpur jail to Jaipur and Ajmer jails respectively.s", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059468", "title": "Tenant illegally takes over property, held", "text": "MUMBAI: Byculla police on Monday arrested a 58-year-old man for illegally transferring property in his name.The accused, Aatmaram Yadav, is an employee of Hindustan Petroleum in Chembur. The police said that Yadav, who was a tenant in a one-room house at the Khoja chawl in Byculla (W), has been booked for cheating and forgery under sections 406, 420,465 and 471 of the Indian Penal Code and remanded in police custody till Friday.The property belongs to Shivaji Jadhav, who resides in Khadki, Pune. Jadhav said the room had been purchased by his aunt, Sulabhai Rane, in the late 1970s. In 1983, Rane fell sick and decided to draw up her will in which she transferred the house to Jadhav's father (who was her brother). Incidentally, the accused was one of the witnesses who signed the transfer deed.\"We belong to the same village and were family friends. After my aunt died in 1986, he requested my father to lease the room to him. Since we lived in Pune, my father agreed to take him as a tenant and charged almost negligible rent from him,\" said Jadhav.Jadhav's father passed away in 2004, after which he decided to take stock of his assets. It was then that he realized that Yadav had prepared forged documents and had managed to transfer the room in his name in 1990. Jadhav moved the courts which directed the police to probe the matter. \"We were probing the case for some time. An FIR was lodged on April 17 after we gathered enough evidence to book Yadav,\" said inspector Prakash Satpe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058907", "title": "Moves on to curb dengue, says minister", "text": "CHENNAI: State health minister V S Vijay on Tuesday said the state government is taking several effective steps to control the spread of dengue fever, which had claimed eight lives this year in some parts of the state, especially in Tirunvelveli district.Replying to opposition members, the health minister said eight people have died due to dengue fever, mainly because they had not received adequate medical attention on time. \"The affected people had went to doctors only at a critical stage. The state government has taken measures to prevent the spread of the disease,\" he said.Pointing out that as many as 163 people were affected by dengue fever in Kadaiyanallur town in Tirunelveli district, the minister said that they have been treated. Health officials have been instructed to go to every house and find out those affected by dengue fever and give them proper treatment. \"Since the disease spreads through mosquito, four teams were pressed into service to prevent mosquito breeding,\" the minister said.Health department officials have been holding periodic meetings to monitor the situation and additional doctors were dispatched in dengue affected areas. The minister said a medical team from Chennai and Pudhucherry has reached the district to monitor the situation and based on their reports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058104", "title": "West Patel Nagar murder: Maid's son detained", "text": "NEW DELHI: Forty-eight hours after the murder of a 48-year-old woman in West Patel Nagar, police have detained the son of a domestic help employed with the family. Cops are yet to piece together all clues but affirmed what was suspected all along-only a person known to Neelam Sharma could have killed her when she was alone at home on Sunday evening. The crime branch said it was questioning all possible suspects.\"Investigations have revealed that the victim, Neelam Sharma, had spoken to her daughter in Mumbai around 2.30pm on Sunday. Her husband had left for work two hours ago and according to the family, two maidservants also left by noon. Hence, we are questioning the two servants and others who had access to the house. There is lack of clarity over the movements of the detainee. However, it is too early to conclude anything,\" said a source.According to the autopsy report, Sharma was stabbed at least seven times after being strangulated with a dupatta. The killers stole Rs 70,000 as well as a few jewellery items, but did not touch some of the jewellery lying close by in the same room, leading cops to believe that the motive cannot just be robbery.Police said questioning of the victim's husband, Rajender Sharma, and close relatives revealed that Neelam was careful about her security and did not let an outsider in without verification. Cops said it might take a couple of days to verify the movements of at least four other suspects.The incident came to light when Rajender, an accountant with Delhi Race Club, returned almost five hours after he had left the house. The victim was staying with her husband at the second-floor residence for the past 12 years. On Sunday, Rajender had left home around 12.30pm for some work. He came back around 5.15pm. He was initially surprised to find the house locked from outside. When he went in, he found her lying in a pool of blood in the drawing room.The couple's only daughter is married and stays in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059804", "title": "Fall in rupee pushes up commodity prices", "text": "GUWAHATI: The sharp depreciation of the rupee vis-a-vis the dollar is hitting consumers in greater Guwahati with prices of essential food items spiraling in the last few days.With prices of edible oil, sugar, pulses, fine-quality rice and other commodities going up in the past one week, the Kamrup Chamber of Commerce (KCC) has expressed its helplessness in finding an immediate solution to the problem, citing dependability of domestic markets on imports from other countriess.\"The depreciation of the rupee is pushing up prices of edible oil here. India relies on imports from countries like Malaysia and the United States for edible oil supply. With the value of rupee is falling against the dollar in the past several months, oil is being imported at a higher cost,\" said Nirmal Kumar Jain, general secretary of KCC, the leading traders' body in the city.According to KCC's latest weekly report, the wholesale price of a tin of 16.5 litre of mustard oil is charged between Rs 1,300-1,370 while similar quantity of refined oil costs Rs 1,210-1,220.Regarding the increasing price of sugar, Jain said that the Centre's move to place sugar in the open general license category like wheat and rice last week is the reason behind the hike of Rs 1.50 to Rs 2 per kg of sugar here.Though the price of rice has not gone up considerably, the rate of fine-quality rice is showing an upward trend, and now varies between Rs 1,725 to Rs 2,350 per quintal. \"In case of pulses, the demand and supply gap continues to be the same. While the number of consumers is increasing, the supply of pulses remains the same,\" the KCC general secretary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059424", "title": "Subsidy for dhabas to boost tourism", "text": "PATNA: Now, roadside dhabas, line hotels and motels being run on the identified tourist circuits in Bihar will get a capital subsidy up to Rs 5 lakh from the state government for up-gradation and standardization of basic public utility services like toilet, washroom and sitting facilities.Bihar cabinet on Tuesday approved the state tourism department's Promotional Policy 2012 for up-gradation and standardization of highway services like dhaba, line hotel and motel, which offers a capital subsidy of 50% of the total project cost or Rs 5 lakh, whichever is minimum, to the selected dhaba, line hotel and motel owner, if the party submits an application to the district magistrate concerned expressing willingness for up-gradation and standardization of basic services.\"It is being done to provide standardized facilities at the roadside dhabas/line hotels to the visiting tourists, especially those coming from abroad. It will attract more foreign tourists to the state,\" principal cabinet secretary Ravikant said.As per the policy, the tourism department would soon identify all important tourist circuits of the state and make a request, through advertisement in newspapers, to all dhaba/motel owners to apply before the DMs concerned expressing willingness for upgradation of their eateries. The subsidy amount would be paid by the tourism department.In another decision, the cabinet approved a proposal of health department for creation of altogether 67 teaching posts in different departments of the Nalanda Medical College, Patna, with a view to increase postgraduate seats in the medical college. Ravikant said of the total 67 posts, 10 posts would be of professor, 13 of associate professor, 40 of assistant professor and four of tutors. These posts would be created at an annual recurring expenditure of Rs 3.59 crore.The cabinet also gave its nod to the education department's proposal for release and expenditure of Rs. 1,200 crore (of the state government's 35% share) under the Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan in financial year 2012-13.Approving another proposal of the education department, the cabinet sanctioned release of Rs 184 crore for payment of arrear remuneration of the Tola Sewaks who run non-residential Utthan Kendras for Mahadalits.It also approved a proposal of the art, culture and youth affairs department to grant extension of contract to the Lord Cultural Resources, Toronto (Canada), the plan consultant selected for the proposed Bihar Museum project. A sum of Rs 400 crore was sanctioned for the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13058427", "title": "Aadhaar authority gives false RTI info", "text": "MANGALORE: Are information obtained under the Right to Information (RTI) Act 2005 are cent per cent accurate? Apparently not, if the reply given by the Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) to a query raised by a city-based teacher is any indicator to go by.When his Aadhaar card was delayed for more than four months, Fr Richard Rego, associate professor of the department of mass communication of St Aloysius College, submitted an RTI application to UIDAI seeking information on the status of his Aadhaar enrolment.Within a month, the central public information office (CPIO) of UIDAI replied that the enrolment agency 'lost' his data packets while transferring it to the technology centre. UIDAI also directed Fr Rego to re-enroll himself as and when UIDAI phase II is commenced. However, Fr Richard got his Aadhaar card within three days after he received the RTI reply.Fr Richard enrolled for Aadhaar card on August 26, 2011. After the agency failed to deliver his card in the stipulated time, he registered an online complaint on December 2, 2011. Later, when no action was taken by the authority, he sought information on his complaint and the status of his Aadhaar enrolment under RTI on February 1.In an interim reply, the CPIO intimated Fr Rego on February 17 that the matter has been taken up for investigation.Fr Rego told TOI that the CPIO should be made liable for giving \"irresponsible and false information\" in the RTI reply.\"The CPIO (in the final reply) concluded on May 2 that the enrolment agency had lost my enrolment data packets while transferring it. However, within three days of that, I received my Aadhaar card. What is the reliability and sanctity of RTI replies? How and from where did the lost packets suddenly resurfaced?\" he questioned adding that he is thinking of filing a complaint with an appellate authority questioning the sanctity of RTI information given by the UIDAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13060038", "title": "Disadvantaged, poor get 25% quota under RTE Act", "text": "BANGALORE: With weeks left for the schools to reopen, the Karnataka government on Tuesday brought clarity to the 25% quota for the underprivileged in the Right to Education Act (RTE), issuing a notification on how the pie is divided among the weaker sections who could get admission in unaided schools.The 25% RTE quota is split between disadvantaged groups and the economically weaker section (EWS). The former consists of 11 groups - SC, ST, Category 1, 2 (a), 2 (b), 3 (a), 3 (b), orphans , street children, children with special needs and HIV-infected . Those seeking seats under Category 2 (a), 2 (b), 3 (a) and 3 (b) should have an annual family income of less than Rs 3.5 lakh.Children from families whose annual income is below Rs 3.5 lakh - the threshold for the creamy layer of backward class as notified by the social welfare department - will be considered under EWS. Those seeking seats under EWS should not come under any of the other 11 disadvantaged groups.RTE are we ready?SCs get lion's share in 25% RTE quotaBANGALORE: The Karnataka government on Tuesday announced the split-up of the 25% quota under RighttoEducation Act (RTE).Of the 25% seats , SCs will get 7.5% and STs 1.5%. The remaining 16 % will be shared by the other nine disadvantaged groups and the EWS . The schools can decide on them through lots. For example , if there are 11 students belonging to this 16 % for 10 vacancies , the lot system could be utilized.The first seven categories will be determined by the notification of the social welfare department . The rest of them will be based on the notification of the department concerned like labour department .The governmentwill reimburse Rs 11,848 for a student joining Class 1. The amount will be half as much for a preschool kid. If the quota for SCs is not filled, it can be made available for STs and vice-versa within the neighbourhood . If the 16 % is not filled, it's available for the SC /ST and vice-versa . If the quota is not filled from within the neighbourhood , it should be extended .It has not yet decided on what to do with the seats if they still remain vacant . The procedures on how to go about the implementation will be notified on Wednesday .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060284", "title": "Confusion prevails in schools over holiday", "text": "LUCKNOW: Confusion prevailed in schools over Bada Mangal holiday on Tuesday. Schools claimed they were not timely informed about the holiday by administration or the District Inspector of Schools (DIOS). The late information from the district magistrate office, which was published in newspapers on Tuesday, also added to the confusion.While some schools remained open, others declared holiday after seeing the notice in newspapers. Many schoolchildren had to return home after learning about the holiday.School principals complained not getting any prior information regarding the holiday. \"There was no proper communication either from the administration or DIOS regarding closure of schools. It was on late Monday evening that we learnt that schools will remain closed on Tuesday. We had to inform the parents through SMSs,'' said Rev Fr Denis Naresh Lobo, principal, St Francis College . He, however, clarified that the school has never been closed earlier on Bada Mangal.Principal, Seth MR Jaipuria School, Anju Wal said: \"There was no order from the DM regarding the closure of schools. We decided not to hold classes because of traffic congestion on roads due to Bada Mangal. The day is not included in our list of holidays.''Vexed with the administration, principal, Kendriya Vidyalaya, Aliganj, CK Ojha said, \"The school has never been closed on Bada Mangal. For Tuesday, there were no clear directives from the administration. How are we suppose to inform the students and parents if the information is circulated only through newspapers and that too on the day of holiday.'' Kendriya Vidyalaya remained open as 50% students turned up for classes. \"It was difficult for us to send back hundreds of students,'' Ojha said.Urvashi Sahni of Study Hall School said: \"No advance notice ever comes to us from administration for school holidays. We have not had Bada Mangal holiday earlier.''However, all branches of City Montessori School (CMS) were closed on Tuesday. CMS Gomtinagar principal Manjit Batra said: \"Bada Mangal is included in our list of holidays and the school remains closed always on this day every year.''While majority of the schools claimed they had remained open on Bada Mangal, DIOS Umesh Tripathi said, \"Bada Mangal has always been a local holiday and all schools are closed on this day. There was no reason for the schools to create confusion over this.''Sources in the education department, however, said that every year a circular is sent to only few schools. \"Ideally, holiday information is given in newspapers at least two days in advance so that schools can learn about it,'' said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058525", "title": "Fire breaks out in tannery at Jajmau, no casualty", "text": "KANPUR: Fire broke out in a tannery in Jajmau on Tuesday. The residents of the area and workers of the tannery alerted Meerpur Cantt fire station and Chakeri police. The officials said the fire brigade continued the operation for over an hour.Two fire tenders from Meerpur Cantt fire station were pressed into service to stop the flames from spreading.Fire officer Arvind Kumar Singh said that the fire broke out possibly due to short circuit in one of the stores of tannery unit. Combustible material was also kept there. After reaching the scene, firemen swung into action and with the help of local residents and the police. The prompt action averted a big incident.A few persons, who fell unconscious after inhaling fumes and smoke during the rescue operation, were brought to senses at a private hospital in the vicinity. The fire broke out at around 3pm inside the premises of Humera Tannery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "howrah", "code": "13057353", "title": "Class-XI student held on abduction charge", "text": "HOWRAH: Police have arrested a Class-XI student, and nine of his relatives and friends, for allegedly abducting a 16-year-old girl on Monday evening. While the girl's father alleged that the boy's family abducted his daughter for selling her off, the accused maintained that the two had eloped. Those arrested were remanded in judicial custody after they were produced before a court on Tuesday.On Monday, the girl's parents went for a relative's last rites and when they returned, they found their girl missing. They lodged a missing diary and came to know about the boy after an inquiry. They immediately got in touch with the girl's maternal relatives, who stay near the boy's residence in Girish Park. Soon, they came to know that their girl was with the boy's family and changed their complaint to one of abduction.However, the boy's relatives have a different story to tell. \"It was the girl who called up the boy. We came to know of all this when the boy called us up and said they had eloped. We took the couple to the police station when they got here. There is no question of abduction,\" one of them said.While the girl's father alleged that the boy and his relatives abducted his daughter to sell her off, the accused maintained that the two had eloped. The boy and his relatives were produced before a court on Tuesday and remanded in judicial custody.The 16-year-old girl is a resident of Pashchim Shantinagar in Bally and appeared for her Madhyamik examinations this year. Her father is a jeweler and wields considerable clout in the locality. On Monday evening, the girl's parents left for a relative's last rites. When they returned around 7.30 pm, the girl was nowhere to be found. The parents lodged a missing diary at the police station and started inquiries on their own. Some time later, they came to know of a boy from Radha Madhav Saha Lane in the Girish Park police station area of Kolkata, who was eyeing their daughter.The girl's maternal relatives live at Bhuban Banerjee Lane, which is close to the boy's house. The boy apparently saw her during her regular visits there. The girl's parents informed relatives in Girish Park and a search for the boy was launched. Relatives in Kolkata reported back that the girl was with the boy's family. The parents then changed their complaint to one of abduction and the police from Bally turned up at Girish Park police station.\"We were quite taken aback to find the boy, his relatives and the girl at Girish Park police station. On inquiry, we were told that they had turned up there on their own accord. However, since an abduction complaint had been lodged with us, we had to bring them back to Bally,\" an officer said.Apart from the boy, those arrested included his father, three brothers, another relative and four friends. In his complaint, the girl's father alleged that the boy was keeping tabs on the movement of his family and made his move when his daughter was alone in the house. He further alleged that his daughter was drugged and carried away against her will.The boy's relatives have a different story to tell. \"The boy and girl knew each other quite well. It was the girl who called up the boy on Monday evening and told him that she was alone in the house. We came to know of all this when the boy called us up from the Uttarpara railway station and said that they had eloped. We wanted to stop them from doing anything rash and asked the boy to return home. Some of his friends also went to Uttarpara to bring them back to Girish Park. We took the couple to the police station when they got here. There is no question of abduction. In fact, it was the girl's relatives who attacked us,\" one of them said.The police are also in a fix and trying to get to the bottom of the matter. \"We arrested 10 people on the basis of the complaint. The girl was returned to her parents. Now, we shall investigate the matter,\" said Soumik Sengupta, additional commissioner of police (north), Howrah City Police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058829", "title": "Diesel shortage hits Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: The city appears to be going from a bad summer to a worse summer as diesel shortage adds to the woes of homes and offices reeling under power outage.On one hand Chennai's diesel consumption has gone up; on the other, its procurement from the Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Limited (MRPL), one of the major suppliers, has gone down. Fuel outlets in Shollingnallur, Kelambakkam and Nungambakkam have been without diesel stock for several days. Among the worst hit are companies that use generators during power cuts.While the government has announced power holidays to industries, IT companies which have tight deadlines to meet are running several hours on generators. Nasscom regional director K Purushothaman says the situation is grim. \"We have long power cuts and we thrive on diesel 360 hours a month. Now, with diesel hard to come by, IT companies' day-to-day operation is threatened,\" he said.According to B Gnanavelu, owner of a fuel outlet in the city, the problem has been growing for almost three weeks due to the partial shutdown of MRPL. \"There is also a lot of hoarding,\" an agent said.The 300 outlets in the city are unable to cope with the demand. The state's diesel consumption has risen from 4.7 lakh kilolitres in January, before the power cuts were introduced, to more than 5.4 lakh kilolitres in April. This reflects that consumers could be spending nearly 300 crore more on the fuel month. With mercury rising and wind energy generation dipping after a short spell of good show, things could get worse if diesel supply doesn't pick up.MRPL has indicated the supply shortage will be rectified soon and the supply will return to normalcy in a couple of days. Till then, small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are hit hard. \"SMEs outside Chennai are suffering as they have to run on diesel,\" said Rafeeque Ahmed, president, Federation of Indian Export Organizations. SMEs, which generally spend 4.50 per unit of electricity are now shelling out 14 to keep the business running, said Jude Negi, who runs a machine tool manufacturing unit in Chennai.Chennai has a diverse company portfolio ranging from IT to manufacturing, and power demands are on the rise with new entrants every day. \"None of the generators that companies here use can run continuously for 24 hours. \"If the diesel price goes up, it could get more problematic,\" a senior official of an IT company said.Any large or medium enterprise, which owns a diesel genset, is eligible to buy diesel in bulk.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kollam", "code": "13059171", "title": "Kollam autos can take you for a ride", "text": "KOLLAM: Irrespective of the length and time of the journey , hiring an autorickshaw in the city is turning out to be an increasingly dreadful affair.Fare meters of majority of the autorickshaws seldom function properly. And despite the tall claims being made by police, many auto drivers are not ready to run on meters even if requested.\"I hired an auto from the railway station just for a short journey. But instead of charging the minimum fare, the driver demanded Rs 30. The meter was not working at all. He told me it was out of order. I had no option but to pay,\" said Sivaraman, a city resident. He said he hadn't bothered to file a complaint with police as only a few autorickshaws in the city have electronic meters that work properly.Auto drivers in the city, however, have a different story to tell.\"The life of an electronic meter is very short. Most of them do not work even for six months. If we have to change a meter, we have to approach the Legal Metrological Department. Installing a machine cost me Rs 2,300,\" said Ravi, a driver. According to him, the mechanical meters worked smoothly and had longer life compared to the electronic ones.V Pankajakshan, Kollam Traffic SI, said passengers seldom approached police when they faced such problems. \"However, we are aware of the problem. We will start an inspection drive on May 15 to curb fleecing by auto drivers. The district administration and RTO have given instructions in this regard,\" he said.According to the Legal Meteorological Department authorities, they are yet to receive any complaint against electronic meters. \"We haven't got any such information regarding the meter. May be the drivers want to avoid short distance trips and are hence putting the blame on the meter,\" said an assistant controller with the department in Kollam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059850", "title": "Amarnath Yatra 2012: Attaching medical certificate becomes mandatory", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In just two days almost all forms for Amarnath yatra have been sold out in the city. Rakesh Bhandari, a resident of Sector 34 who had come to the Chandigarh 17 branch to buy forms for his friends and himself had to rush to the Mohali branch. He said, \"It is strange that all the forms have been sold out in two days. I had come on day one too, but there was a huge rush and I had to return without the forms. Today they told me that they don't have the forms.\"There were also those who suggested that the forms be photostatted but were later explained why it could not be done. \"The ticket comes with the form and it cannot be photocopied,\" said an official distributing registration forms to people at the bank on Tuesday. Riyaz Ahmad Wani, branch head at Sector 17 said, \"We have 1,540 forms and we sold 900 forms on day one. On Tuesday we sold 340 forms. As we have to sell these forms till August 1, so we referred the customers to Panchkula and Mohali branches of the bank.\"Wani said that there was a huge rush of devotees wanting to go for the Amarnath Yatra on day one. \"It became difficult to handle the rush and we had to call the police,\" he added. Moreover, the bank is handing over only two forms to one person, so as to avoid travel agents buying tickets in bulk and then selling them in black. Also the bank is not giving tickets without signatures of the person buying the form. This year attaching a medical certificate about one's fitness has become mandatory.Meanwhile, e-registration for Amarnath Yatra is also available on J&K; Bank's website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13058385", "title": "'Delays in clearing files are the root cause of corruption'", "text": "MANGALORE: Accountability and responsibility in the decision making process of the bureaucracy in Karnataka is an aspect that the task force overseeing the implementation of recommendations of Third State Finance Commission is keen on.While the task force has already insisted on this aspect in its interim report submitted in March 2011, it wants to make it mandatory for the bureaucracy to take timely decisions when the final report is submitted in June.AG Kodgi, chairman of the task force told reporters here that while Karnataka Guarantee of Services to Citizens Act aka Sakala was the result of recommendations made by the commission, there is still delays in the decision-making process of the bureaucracy.\"Delays in clearance of files are the root cause of corruption,\" Kodgi opined adding that he has made this clear in a letter written to chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda in his personal capacity.T Thimme Gowda, a member of the task force, said one of the key recommendations in the interim report is the definite time frame prescribed for files to be cleared by each individual right from the case worker to principal secretaries of the departments concerned.\"It is true that in certain cases, there is inordinate delay on part of officials and this has a bearing on projects that various service delivery agencies of the government intend to undertake,\" he said.On the specific instance of the Mangalore City Corporation's three-package system solid waste management proposal hanging fire with directorate of municipal administration (DMA) for six months, Kodgi said the task force will probe the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057446", "title": "'Awareness important for thalassemia treatment'", "text": "KOLKATA: Peerless Hospital and B K Roy Research Centre on Tuesday observed World Thalassemia Day by organizing a discussion on genetic counselling and focusing on the lack of facilities for a safe blood transfusion for thalassemic patients.Being a genetic disorder, thalassemia goes undetected most of the time. Sujit Kar Purkayastha, medical director of the hospital, harped on this point and said, \"We need to create awareness about thalassemia so that it can be detected at the prenatal stage. Genetic counselling is also very important as a family's medical history plays an important role.\"The hospital has also come up with a facility that can help detect iron overload in thalassemic patients. Patients who are on regular blood transfusion for a prolonged period often end up with iron overload in multiple organs. \"We are the first in the eastern zone to provide such a facility to thalassemic patients,\" said Sunil Kant Roy, MD of The Peerless General Finance &amp; Investment Company Ltd.The hospital also opened a Thalassemia and Haemoglobinopathy Clinic along with a blood bank and an emergency department.Others present at the event were Manish Gupta, minister for planning and development, power and NES, Swami Purnatmanandaji Maharaj, secretary of Ramakrishna Mission, Swami Vivekananda's Ancestral House and Cultural Centre.It is planning to provide medical facilities through computer connectivity in all districts of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059191", "title": "Sand mining in Tapi depleting weir-cum-causeway water level", "text": "SURAT: With summer at its peak, residents in the diamond city have started crying foul over the issues related to water supply.Thanks to indiscriminate sand quarrying from the riverbed in the upstream of Tapi at Kamrej, violating court orders and government norms, the water level at weir-cum-causeway has begun to deplete. The water quality too has degraded, causing a big concern to Surat Municipal Corporation (SMC).The demand for river sand and consequent high price, following a construction boom in Surat and surrounding district and neighbouring states of Maharashtra and Madhya Pradesh , has led to indiscriminate sand mining from the upstream of Tapi river in violation of the rules.Deepening of the riverbed and construction of barriers to stop the flow of river water by sand miners are leading to depletion of water level in the downstream of the river as well as the groundwater.Recently, the hydraulic department of SMC had requested Ukai dam authorities to release water from the reservoir to increase the water level at weir-cum-causeway, so that the intake wells could draw sufficient water from the river.\"The water level at weir-cum-causeway at Singapore is to be maintained at 5 metres. But during the summer season, the water level goes down between 4.5 metres to 4.8 metres due to evaporation process and restricted flow from the upstream of Tapi near Kamrej due to barriers in the river put up by sand miners,\" said a senior civic officer.Environmentalists have alleged that the mines and minerals department give permission for sand mining by officially auctioning the mining blocks in the upstream of river Tapi. But, the sand miners are not following the rules and regulations in mining sand from the riverbed.If the permission is for mining 10 truckloads of sand, under its cover, at least 200 loads are taken out from the permitted area. In the past, local people living on the embankments of the river used to keep vigil to stop illegal mining. But the situation has changed now, with those engaged in sand mining luring households with money, environmentalists have alleged. \"The Union ministry of environment and forest issued a notification on sustainable mining of minor minerals on June 1, 2010 stating that the depth of the sand mining in the riverbed should be restricted upto 3 metres.In the upstream of Tapi, the notification is not followed and the sand miners are digging above 30 feet, causing a serious damage to the ecology,\" said Jayesh Naik, environmentalist.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059084", "title": "Inadequate technical know-how led to inferno", "text": "RANCHI: Lack of technical know-how led to Monday night's inferno in the heart of city, which gutted a petrol pump and a fuel tanker. Property over Rs 50 lakh was damaged which includes 12,000 litres of petrol, one truck and two fuel dispensers were reduced to ashes.Fire officer Suresh Prasad suspect that it broke out during refilling. \"The dispensers generate some static electricity while refilling. It must have got stuck up somewhere,\" he added.Staff at the petrol pump, however, claimed that they had basic fire extinguishing facilities and even tried to extinguish it. \"As soon as we picked up the extinguishers, an ear-piercing sound of six blasts ripped the air,\" said Anant Kumar, a staff at the fuel station. The petrol pump is located in a commercial-cum- residential area. Some of the staff, however, pointed fingers at the negligence of fuel tanker operators. \"During refilling, the operators did not appeared to be trained and a spark was noticed,\" said some staff at the pump.\"The oil tanker had turned into a huge fireball and flames reached as high as 100 feet. Fearing blasts, passers-by were in a mad rush to flee,\" said another staff.\"Over 5,000 people reside in flats and residential quarters around the petrol pump. Glass panes of many shops and buildings cracked and broke following the blasts,\" said a trader S D Singh.The tanker had come to the petrol from Namkum to refill the dispensers. Fire at petrol pumps are not new. \"In the past six months, a petrol pump in Lalpur, one in Silli and another one in Pakur, were gutted in almost similar blasts,\" said president of Jharkhand Petroleum Dealers' Association (JPDA) Ashok Singh.JPDA has decided to organise awareness campaigns at petrol pumps to avoid such incidents in future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13059037", "title": "Private share for BMHRC consultants approved", "text": "BHOPAL: Amid ambiguity over continuing private practice at the Bhopal Memorial Hospital and Research Centre (BMHRC), the Indian Council of Medical Research (ICMR) approved private practice share for consultants for the quarter ending December 2011.In a circular issued on Tuesday the BMHRC specifies that those employees who want benefit from the implementation of sixth central pay commission (CPC) will however, be required to remit the private share accepted by them.Speaking to TOI, ICMR director general Dr V M Katoch said, \"The issue of private practice has not come up yet. However, private share is not permitted in any of the central government institutes.\"For some sixth pay scale would mean no private practice. \"The decision has created more uncertainty as regards interpretation,\" said a BMHRC employee.In a circular issued by BMHRC director Dr K K Maudar stated: 'The director general ICMR approves private practise share of the consultants of BMHRC subject to the condition that the sixth CPC would be given in retrospective effect only if the patients fees share taken from September 1, 2010 is remitted back to the government account, else the sixth CPC would be from prospective effect in which case private share is not admissible in central government institutes.'Meanwhile, those employees who stand to gain from the decision are getting ready to remit the private share earned by them, while under the circumstances consultants may not remit their private share. BMHRC director Dr Maudar and other officials of the BMHRC refused to comment on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13056846", "title": "Man accused in twin murder pronounced guilty", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The accused in the twin murder of wife and daughter was pronounced guilty by the Additional Sessions Court judge P Sankaranunny here on Tuesday.Jose, 50, of Moonilavu who was staying in a rented house at Chettuthodu in Thidanadu was found guilty under section 302 of IPC.The quantum of punishment for the guilty will be pronounced on May 10.The incident that led to the twin murder happened on Nov 14, 2009. Jose killed his younger daughter Manumol, 16, by forcefully dipping her head in a small stream near their house. After killing her, he returned home and beated his wife Lovely, 42, till she became unconscious. After that he killed her by tightening a rope around her neck and also attempted to hang her body from a tree near the house.The locals noticed it after three days. Locals started suspecting Jose as he had told them that his wife and daughter are missing hours before they were murdered. He fled the scene once police reached the spot. The case registered under Thidanadu police was probed by Jose Saju, CI, Erattupettah.The evidences of the case, which lacked witnesses were compiled using circumstantial evidences and scientific tests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059157", "title": "Pilots' strike hits Air India passengers", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Four Air India flights were cancelled and one from Kerala delayed on Tuesday as a result of the on-going strike by nearly 100 pilots of the Indian Pilots Guild.The Trivandrum-Muscat flight IX 549 scheduled to leave at 9.25am with 132 passengers was cancelled.\"Eighteen of the passengers were accommodated by Jet Airways and 20 by Oman Air; a few were sent to Mumbai on an Air India flight and are expected to catch a connecting flight to Muscat. Almost 60 per cent of the passengers will be accommodated in flights leaving tomorrow (Wednesday),\" said Abey George, PRO, Air India.The IX 537 scheduled to leave Trivandrum International Airport for Abu Dhabi via Dubai at 5.15pm has been rescheduled to 1am on Wednesday. \"We have pilots on standby, but they require the mandatory rest period, which is why we had to schedule it to an odd hour,\" said George.While passengers from Trivandrum were dispersed amicably, those at Karipur International Airport hung around looking for alternative flights, but Air India failed to make any alternate arrangement.The Kozhikode-Muscat-Sharjah flight IX 337, which was running full with around 170 passengers and was supposed to depart Karipur at 11am, was cancelled, and the Kuwait-bound IX 389 from Karipur via Mangalore scheduled to depart at 3.40pm with 60 passengers had also to be cancelled. The AI 932 with 371 bookings, scheduled to depart at 3.30pm from Karipur to Riyadh , was also cancelled.\"Passengers of the three flights will be given seats on next day's flights,\" said the PRO. Flights out of Kochi's Nedumbassery Airport were not affected as pilots on deputation to Kochi are contracted with Air India Express.Trivandrum-Muscat flight scheduled to leave at 9.25am with 132 passengers was cancelled", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13059041", "title": "Reviving Rabindra classics in Hindi", "text": "BHOPAL: For Papiya Dasgupta it is still miles to go to keep the works of Rabindranath Tagore alive. This retired professor has been translating Tagore's works since her college days.Dasgupta, a retired head of Geography department, Nutan College and a theatre artiste, has translated many plays, songs and poems of Rabindranath Tagore.\"I started in 60s during my college days. I wanted to introduce Tagore in Hindi to the masses. Even noted poets and writers like Sumitra Nandan Pant, Mahadevi Verma and Shivani used to come to watch the plays,\" she said.Among her translated works include dance dramas like Chitrangada, Tasher Desh and Chandalika.Papiya attributes her love for Tagore to the milieu at her home during her formative years. \"The meetings of Prayag Bongo Sahitya Sammelans were held at our home in Allahabad. My family was always inclined towards the culture, literature and music.\"Currently, working on a 104 episode radio programme on the life of Swami Vivekanand, she has also been approached by Swaraj Bhavan to work on a radio show for the newly inaugurated Azad Hind Radio.\"The radio station has a time slot for community programmes. We are planning to work on the short story Daliya by Rabindranath Tagore, which I have dramatized for stage,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058781", "title": "Govt in talks with parties over Lokpal Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government is in the process of discussing the Lokpal Bill with political parties in an attempt to build consensus on the proposed legislation for an anti-corruption ombudsman, but it may not be immediately scheduled in Rajya Sabha where it is pending.The government needs to deal with a host of amendments, including one opposing the bill's prescriptive clauses on how states should set up their Lokayuktas. The amendment is backed by Congress allies like Trinamool and DMK besides several regional parties and the Left.Sources said the government is keen to ensure the bill's passage in the upper House, but there are serious hurdles in the way as the legislation's \"federal\" aspects have raised hackles of parties in Rajya Sabha where UPA lacks a majority.Moving the bill will complicate matters for Congress unless the amendments are dealt with as it will again bring BJP, its allies, Left, some UPA partners and regional parties together again, something the government will be keen to avoid.At the same time, the Congress leadership is keen that the bill be passed as keeping it pending will keep the \"corruption\" issue alive, exposing the ruling party to criticism that it is not serious about tackling graft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058271", "title": "Jaiswal, CP in a fix after return of encroachers", "text": "NAGPUR: Commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay and municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal on Tuesday expressed concern when they spotted encroachers back at Gokulpeth market area.\"Lodge police complaint, if any one occupies city roads or pavements,\" ordered the CP.Mocking NMC's endeavour to keep the city clean, encroachers were found back littering around the city roads despite civic body's effort to remove them.After high court's directives, NMC had undertaken an anti-encroachment drive to subsequently create a proper footpath. However, the monthlong drive has failed to bore any result as encroachers in most of the areas have started returning to their business by setting up shops on roads and footpaths.It clearly indicates that since April, the encroachers have again gained control over the place due to lack of regular checks and inspections by the civic authorities. Vegetable vendors, makeshift cloth shops and even the shop owners, who had recently faced action, have sprung up on both sides of busy road in Gokulpeth market.The top cop pointed out to the civic chief that stringent action should be taken against these encroachers to prevent them from returning.Meanwhile, the anti-encroachment squad on Tuesday continued their drive in Gandhibagh area and razed as many as 140 encroachments and 20 unauthorized concrete constructions. The squad cleared encroachments from Itwari, Gandhibagh handloom market, the stretch between Teen Nal Chowk and Bhavsar Chowk, Itwari High school and seized five trucks of materials. Around 40 police personnel helped the 50 men squad of the NMC's anti-encroachment drive to carry-out the drive peacefully.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhavnagar", "code": "13060030", "title": "BJP joins VHP to stop Muslim realty deals", "text": "BHAVNAGAR:The rift between chief minister Narendra Modi and VHP leader Pravin Togadia may have left the party-sangh ties soured. But, when it comes to ousting Muslims from Hindu-dominated areas, BJP has supported VHP, notwithstanding Modi's new-found Sadbhavana towards Muslims.BJP leaders in the city have joined the saffron brigade's 'Ram dhun' campaign to sabotage Muslim realty deals in the Hindu areas. And, they have no qualms about it.Suresh Dhandhaliya, senior BJP leader and Bhavnagar mayor, along with his predecessor Parul Trivedi joined the drive to halt a deal. Trivedi, who is also a member of state BJP women's wing's executive committee, was in fact one of the organizers of Ram Darbar, a programme to prevent Hindus from selling properties to Muslims. \"Muslims buying properties in Hindu areas is a major concern and we want all such deals to be called off,\" Dhandhaliya told TOI. The party's support comes at a time when BJP is gearing up for assembly polls later this year and Modi chanting the \"sadbhavana\" mantra to woo Muslims.\"Muslims have been slowly increasing their presence in Hindu-dominated areas. This will create tension in future,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057586", "title": "Summer camp for Kolkata schoolkids", "text": "KOLKATA: Vacations, ushering in fun, frolic and activity, and they are synonymous with camps at the Heritage School. Be it in the field of sports, or co-curricular activities, it has been a persistent endeavour of the school to provide something different to the children during the days of the camp.The initiative is aimed at teaching them so that they are able to learn something more than what they do in the regular activity classes. This year, the summer camp Surya Jyoti will be held at The Heritage School from May 14 to 21. The timings of the camp will be from 8.30am to 11.30am and children from class I onwards can participate in it.In order to combat the scorching heat, all students will be taken to the water park Wet-O-Wild on the last day. \"The camp is open to children of other schools as well. Seeing the popularity of the camp amongst children of other city schools over the last few years, we have made provisions for participation of all. Besides, summer vacations being much longer than other holidays, it becomes difficult to keep children gainfully occupied at home. Camps are a good option for working parents to provide children with the scope of learning something new. At the same time, it's an enjoyable experience,\" said Seema Sapru, principal of The Heritage School.Catering to the needs of different age groups, the activities are worked out. \"We take care to focus on both physical as well as creative activities. There is a wide range to suit the needs of all,\" said Sanchita Raha, the PR and activities coordinator., who has been organizing the Surya Jyoti camp since 2005.This year the activities on offer are adventure sports ( rock climbing , commando net, commando crawl, rappelling, flying, fox, double rope bridge, Tarzan swing), swimming and water games, animation, cricket, candle making, soft toy making and much more. Western dance, drums and Western music (guitar). Robotics and fun with science, cakes and bakes, photography and film making, theatre and performance, mask making, creative craft and clay modeling will also be taught.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "13060512", "title": "Woman 'tortured' by in-laws struggles for life", "text": "CUTTACK: A woman is battling for life at the SCB Medical College and Hospital after being allegedly tortured by her husband and in-laws. The woman, Meena Pradhan (23),was rescued by some local youths from the Mahanadi river bed near Jobra on Tuesday morning.The woman was lying on the river bed with her hands and legs tied. She was crying and moaning in pain when some fisherman noticed her and informed the locals. \"The condition of the woman was very critical. She was bleeding from her mouth and nose. We immediately rushed her to SCB,\" said Pabitra, one of the youths, who rescued the woman.The woman is claiming to be the wife of one Satyabrata Ray of Bhubaneswar. She has alleged that she was brutally beaten up and tortured by her husband and in-laws after she refused to abort her child. \"I married Satyabrata four years ago and we live in Lumbini Vihar area of Bhubaneswar. I got pregnant recently but my in-laws and husband wanted me to have an abortion. They asked me to abort my child and when I resisted they beat me up brutally,\" said Meena, lying on the hospital bed. \"I lost my senses soon after. I don't know how I reached Cuttack,\" Meena added.Doctors have stated that her condition is critical. \"Condition of the patient is very critical. She has sustained multiple fractures and injuries on her head and chest. It appears that she is two to three months pregnant. We have formed a team of doctors to provide her the best medical treatment,\" said Dr Ranjan Tripathy, casualty officer of SCB.Meanwhile, Jagatpur police has registered an attempt to murder case and has started the probe. \"We have informed the victim's family at Nayagarh and started investigation,\" said Sunil Nanda, IIC of Jagatpur police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13057416", "title": "Night holds many terrors for women", "text": "BANGALORE: The city never really sleeps - men and women continue to work, in media houses, hospitals and IT companies, long after those on the conventional shift have hit the sack.While it's a great indicator of India's economic progress, a recent Assocham Social Development Foundation report reveals that nearly 73% of women in Bangalore and across India feel insecure about working the Cinderella shift. This insecurity is based on personal incidents that leave India's fairer sex wary of moving out, especially after nightfall.Dr Priyamvada Muddapur, a dementia expert, says it gives her little joy to organize a reliable escort back home from work, night after night. \"My job involves training people on how to deal with dementia, and often, classes go on until midnight. I enjoy my work but every night, all I can think of is how to get home. I either request an office cab, or ride back my two-wheeler with a male colleague, though I don't stay too far from my workplace. The roads are deserted and drunk men returning from bars jeer at women. One night, a guy sneaked up close behind me and my female colleague, intending either to feel us or snatch our chains. We screamed and he fled,\" recounts Dr Priyamvada.Media professional Shruthi Raghunanda, too, finds it unsafe to ride back home past 11pm. \"I have to ride past Sarakki Lake on my way home to JP Nagar 8th Phase. Often, drunk people on bikes and cars stop to tease. They follow me home, leaving me completely uneasy,\" she says.Eve-teasing, it emerges, is the biggest turnoff for women working the graveyard shift in Bangalore. Author Eshwar Sundaresan, who initiated the Midnight's Children campaign to make Bangalore more livable past 10pm, indicates that the main reason why women are eve-teased by night is because the city goes to sleep. \"Restaurants aren't open, there are hardly any 24/7 medical stores and shops open past 10pm. There's no public transport, no passersby, no one a woman can turn to when in trouble,\" he observes.Eshwar's survey of the city, in fact, speaks of horrific situations women have found themselves in at night. \"Many women I interview say they avoid going out after 9pm. One woman in her early 20s from the northeast told me that auto drivers have dumped her in the middle of nowhere. Once, she was travelling from MG Road to BTM Layout at 11pm, when the auto driver just stopped at Dairy Circle and asked her to alight. There she was in the middle of the night, alone, horrified and wondering how to get home,\" he says.What's the safety solution? Both Dr Priyamvada and Shruthi feel cops must increase patrolling, especially in deserted and poorly-lit areas. \"There are cops on MG Road and in localities where there are pubs, but police seldom patrol deserted streets. Organizations that employ women on night shifts should have lady escorts to accompany women employees. Often, cab drivers too make me feel uneasy,\" rues Shruthi.What Employers Can Do* Companies to have an internal code to ensure security of women employees and take measures to ensure they discharge their job in a secure atmosphere* Govts to make it mandatory for companies to install GPS in cabs attached to call centres, BPOs and industries which engage women in night shiftsInclude self-defence training to women; install safety devices at workplaceUndertake police verification of cab drivers, security guards and peons deputed on night shifts and set up efficient complaint redressal systemsProvide CCTV surveillanceIn high-risk area, adequate police force should be deployedWake-Up CallEvery25 mins: A woman is molested45 mins: A woman is kidnapped40 mins: A woman is raped60 mins: A woman is sexually harassedSociety may have come a long way, but it is disconcerting that the safety of women remains a big issue. In Bangalore, the hub of BPOs and call centres working night shifts, it takes on a larger dimension. The lack of safety is a clamp on the careers of many working women. While the onus is on companies to ensure their women employees are safe, it is also up to the police department to make the city a secure place for women, by day and night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059184", "title": "Vintage Pranab Mukherjee underlines his importance to party, govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: As he effortlessly dwelt on constitutional precedents on tax laws going back to 1956, Congress president Sonia Gandhi would have been reminded of finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's impressive credentials to be the next President.Sitting a couple of feet from Mukherjee, hearing his speech attentively, Sonia might have also been struck by the veteran's utility to a government under siege as he cajoled BJP into supporting an amendment on tax avoidance and generally kept the Opposition in good humour.With Prime Minister Manmohan Singh not in Lok Sabha as he attended to a foreign visitor, Mukherjee held the floor for more than an hour, skillfully outlining a demanding fiscal scenario and simultaneously reminding allies and opposition that India's reforms were built on bipartisanship.The finance minister generously returned BJP's leader Yashwant Sinha's accolades, saying he highly valued the suggestions of a parliamentary committee headed by the Hazaribagh MP and had attempted to incorporate them in his final budgetary provisions.If he referred to Sinha on close to 20 occasions in his speech, the finance minister was equally disarming in tackling allies who he said would have to partner some tough decisions. Noting Sinha's allusion to the cliche that when things got tough, the tough got going, he said \"...yes, but we have to get going together.\"Congress's tally of 206 MPs is not good enough to push through critical reforms or to prune ballooning subsidy bills. \"We all need to agree to have a hair cut,\" Mukherjee announced sagaciously, making the task of reducing central and state taxes on fuels sound like a solemn commitment.With encomiums about his being suited for Rashtrapati Bhavan continuing to flow - TDP leader Nama Nageshwar Rao joined others on Tuesday - Mukherjee impishly played on words saying, \"I won't always be here\", to quickly clarify \"I don't mean that!\"Amid chortles, he explained that he was speaking of long term challenges that any finance minister will have to deal with. To begin with, he said, the fallout of growth in Europe and other markets may jack up oil prices placing an unbearable burden on the Indian economy.Mukherjee's form in the House only serves to remind his party that his reassuring presence in the treasury benches may be increasingly needed as UPA-2 completes three years in office later this month. As political challenges mount, as they must ahead of the next Lok Sabha poll, his ability to innovate and network across party bounds could be crucial.Congress's dilemma over the leader might be unfair to a man who perhaps sees himself as a deserving aspirant for the President's high office, but many party MPs feel \"elevating\" him will be an error of monumental proportions.He was hardly interrupted on Tuesday, a rare happening in a fractious House. This might be partly due to his exposition on finance leaving most MPs bemused, even apprehensive. But it was a compliment too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059595", "title": "\u2018School bus owners also have a say\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: According to a new Government Resolution (GR) posted by the home department, the government has made it clear that school bus owners should also have a say in the District School Bus Safety Committee. The purpose of the committee is to ensure schools as well as bus owners adhere to rules as per the school bus safety policy.\"This panel will also act as a body where parents or schools and bus owners can file complaints against any member flouting rules,\" said a senior Mantralaya official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13061773", "title": "Statistical highlights of Deccan Chargers-Kings XI Punjab IPL match", "text": "HYDERABAD: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Deccan Chargers and Kings XI Punjab:# The second team to have lost nine games after Pune Warriors in the present edition of the IPL is Deccan Chargers.# Deccan Chargers, with their defeat to Punjab, have confirmed their place at the bottom of the points table.# Kings XI Punjab have won six and lost six out of 12 contested in the present competition. With 12 points, they are placed fifth in the Points table.# Punjab have won six and lost three games out of nine played against Deccan in the IPL.# David Hussey (2/2) recorded his best bowling performance for Punjab in the IPL.# Under Hussey's captaincy, Kings XI Punjab have won four and lost three out of seven played in the IPL.# Mandeep Singh (75 off 48 balls) has registered his highest innings in Twenty20.# Mandeep's previous highest in the IPL was his 56 off 50 balls against Chennai Super Kings at Chennai on April 28, 2012.# Mandeep's superb knock is the highest by a Punjab player in the present edition of the IPL, eclipsing the 68 not out by Shaun Marsh against Mumbai Indians at the Wankhede Stadium, Mumbai on April 22.# Mandeep has been adjudged the Man of the Match for the second time in the IPL.# Piyush Chawla, with 15 wickets at 21.26 runs apiece in 12 games, is the top wicket-taker for Punjab in IPL 2012.# Chawla took his wickets' tally to 72 at an average of 23.87 in 67 games - the second best tally in the IPL, behind Lasith Malinga's 81 at 14.81 runs apiece in 50 matches.# Punjab (170/5) registered their highest total in the IPL 2012, eclipsing the 168/3 against Mumbai Indians at Mohali on April 25.# Shaun Marsh (312 at an average of 34.66 in 11 matches) is the second Punjab player after Mandeep to complete 300 runs in the IPL 2012.# Shaun Marsh is the top run-scorer for Punjab in the IPL, managing 1579 at an average of 47.84 in 40 matches.# David Miller is the only batsman to have averaged 35-plus in the present tournament for Punjab - 94 runs in five innings, twice not out.# Shikhar Dhawan has managed 383 at an average of 38.30 in 11 matches - the highest for Deccan Chargers in the IPL 2012.# Cameron White has the next best tally for Deccan - 345 runs at an average of 43.12 in nine game.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058384", "title": "PDKV continues norm violations", "text": "NAGPUR: Akola-based Dr Panjabrao Deshmukh Krishi Vidyapeeth (PDKV) continues to violate norms while making appointments of junior research assistants (JRA) and senior research assistan ts (SRAs) and others despite strict and clear recommendations of Justice Dhabe commission and the Ganesh Thakur committee that had investigated the past irregularities.PDKV issued an advertisement dated March 24, 2012, inviting applications for 200 posts that include 65 SRAs and JRAs while it has not made appointments based on earlier advertisements of 2004 and 2006.The advertisement does not specify the subjects for SRA and JRA posts that has been made mandatory as per recommendations of Dhabe commission and is part of recruitment procedure of all the four agriculture universities in the state. Sources say PDKV executive council headed by V-C MV Mayande had also accepted the Dhabe report in toto.The executive council had also raised the age limit from 33 to 40 years but this needs approval by government which has not happened yet. \"This again is violation but in PDKV everything is possible. I wonder what is the hurry for the VC who is due to retire on July 4 to advertise these posts when cases about earlier irregularities are already pending in the court,\" said a senior professor.The advertisement has also not bothered to consider the candidates who have passed through the YCMOU. These candidates should have got their promotions by now. Now neither can they apply again nor can they retain their seniority.Also, the university has outsourced the process of scrutiny and short-listing to the MKCL which is not handling the process properly. MKCL has not left the options of downloading form and submitting after filling. People are travelling from far off to get the form and submit it. There is no option for submission through registered post.PDKV registrar Umesh Barkhede claimed that the advertisement was crystal clear and as per norms but refused to clarify specific issues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13058831", "title": "Man sets wife, little daughter ablaze", "text": "BANGALORE: A man's craving to wed repeatedly took a ghastly turn when he set his second wife and their baby daughter on fire after she opposed his plan for a third marriage. V Chandana, 18 months old, was charred to death, while her mother, V Asha, was rushed to Victoria Hospital, where she is battling for life with 80% burns.R Venugopal, who set his family afire, is absconding with his parents and brother.Venugopal had identified a relative to become his third wife. But Asha opposed the marriage plan and filed a dowry harassment case.Around 1pm on Tuesday, an infuriated Venugopal set his wife and their daughter on fire in their ground-floor residence in Manjunatha Layout, TC Palya, near K R Puram.Hearing Asha and Chandana's screams, neighbours rushed in, doused the fire and called for help. Chandana died much before an ambulance arrived. Asha told police Venugopal set them on fire and fled.I saw a bundle of fire, says neighbourAsha was in flames as she ran out of home", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058779", "title": "Gold coins seized from French man", "text": "CHENNAI: Air customs officials on Monday seized 60 gold coins worth 13 lakh from a French national who arrived at the Chennai airport from Paris via Dubai .Sources said S Mourty Cannane declared he was carrying 75 gold coins and paid customs duty at the red channel but didn't declare the 60 gold coins hidden in his baggage.Surveillance had been stepped up after a tip-off that gold may be smuggled in. The officials intercepted Cannane after he declared a large number of gold coins. When questioned he said he was not carrying additional gold. However, they checked his baggage and found the undeclared 60 gold coins, each weighing 6g.The modus operandi of smuggling in gold coins after declaring a part of the contraband is being adopted for the first time, said a statement from customs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059786", "title": "PGI strike: Patients suffer, queues keep growing", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ravi Kumar, 35, was sent back after his name did not figure in the ENT surgery list at PGI. Coming all the way from Karnal and managing a date after long wait was equally painful as his ailment. While Swati Garg of Ambala who had been asked to undergo some medical tests and show her reports to the doctor on Tuesday had a harrowing time when she was not seen by any doctor at the medical OPD.On an average 250 elective (planned surgeries) are performed daily. According to official sources most of the surgeries were put-off after the doctors went on mass causal leave. The most hit areas were the OPDs. Rajbir Dhaliwal from Ferozepur, had to wait in the medical OPD without anyone to examine him. \"I had come previously for my follow up and at that time the nurses were on strike. Now the doctors halted the functioning of the hospital. I have been unable to get my treatment regularly because of these problems in thec.\"Even the pediatric centre saw huge influx of children who were asked to come next week. 5-year-old Aarti cuddled to her mother crying in pain. \"She has been suspected with some autoimmune disease. We were asked for a reexamination after a battery of tests. Based on this the doctors will start the medicines and until then my child will have to tolerate the pain,\" said Abha Gupta, her mother.For any examination of a patient the case first comes through a resident doctor to the consultant. \"There are thousands of resident doctors and only around 400 consultants. It's not possible to manage the patients in the absence of the resident doctors,\" said a consultant, who declined to be named.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058718", "title": "Panaji man dupes woman of Rs 91L", "text": "PANAJI: A woman was allegedly duped into paying 91 lakh to get a post as director of a company.Acting on a complaint lodged by Brenda Athaide, Goa police's economic offences cell registered a cheating case against Naveed Khan from Panaji. The complainant alleged that from July 13, 2011, till date, she was dishonestly induced by the accused person to deliver him cash of 91 lakh on the pretext of appointing her as the director of his company 'Blue Bird International Group of Companies'.After Athaide delivered the cash of 91 lakh in Khan's possession, he misappropriated the money, the complaint stated. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057455", "title": "CM takes Rabindra Jayanti to the masses", "text": "KOLKATA: When it's chief minister Mamata Banerjee , you can expect the unexpected. And rest assured you will witness an event that she single-handedly pulls off with elan. Celebration of Tagore's sesquicentennial birth anniversary on Tuesday was one such event.This was the first Pochisey Boisakh programme by her government and Mamata decided to celebrate it with the people on an open street instead of the confines of Rabindra Sadan as was the tradition so long. Throughout the programme she sat amidst people in the open shamiana, enjoying the programme and sipping her cuppa.Another first was perhaps the fact that instead of early morning and evening programmes as was wont all this while, the programme was organized at 2 pm when the mercury soared and there seemed no respite from the heat. With the eternal summer favourite of Tagore 'Darun Agni Baane Re' playing in the background, the picture of a relentless summer afternoon was complete. But that did not deter people from coming to the programme in hundreds and staying on, defying the weather. The refrain was that Tagore's birth is not celebrated every day and, more importantly, this was the concluding ceremony of the 150th year celebrations.After the mammoth shamiana covering one flank of Cathedral Road outside Rabindra Sadan got filled to the seams, the crowd spilled on to the other flank, too, till there was no space to accommodate anymore. \"I am overwhelmed by the turnout despite the fact that it is a hot summer afternoon,\" said a happy chief minister, addressing the eager audience. \"It is this enthusiasm of my people that keeps me going. I welcome all of you to this programme that has been organized by the state to celebrate Tagore's birth anniversary,\" she said amidst loud cheers from the audience.The programme was star-studded and saw not only top Rabindrasangeet exponents, but the most celebrated people of the city from all walks of life. So you had Dwijen Mukhopadhyay, Swapna Ghoshal, Partho Ghosh, Saonli Mitra, Rezwana Chowdhury Bannya, Sreeradha Bandyopadhyay, Purabi Mukhopadhyay, Ajay Chakraborty, Rashid Khan, Jogen Chowdhury, Shuvaprasanna, June Malia, Indranil Sen and many others on the dais and off it, sitting alongside common people. It was a unique experience.Perhaps Swapna Ghoshal's rendition of 'Sarthaka Janamo Amar' summed up the experience. \"Bengal's soil is rich and heavy with culture and true Indian tradition. We are blessed that someone as great as Tagore was born here. We must do everything within our capacity to keep our cultural tradition alive,\" advised Mamata. The audience witnessed unparalleled performances by Sreeradha, Rezwana, Purabi Mukhopadhyay, Rajashree Bhatacharjee and others. This was punctuated by recitations from Tagore by Saoli Mitra and Partho Ghosh.This year, a special Tagore award was instituted and given to Dwijen Mukhopadhyay, one of the senior-most Rabindrasangeet exponents today. He has been singing for 65 years now. \"I am overwhelmed at the love, affection and recognition that Mamata and her government have been showering on me. I am prepared to do anything to keep the state's culture flag flying high,\" he said.The relevance of Tagore, his philosophy and writings even in modern times was discussed by Shuvaprasanna and Jogen Chowdhury. Rashid Khan revealed that it was while his great grandfather Enayat Khan was visiting Tagore that the latter wrote his famous 'Tumi Kemon Kore Gaan Koro He Guni'.The second volume of the state government-sponsored project 'Rabindra Rachanabali' was released on the occasion. The state government's historic move to revive 'Dainik Basumati' got a leg up when a special Rabindra shankhya (issue) from the house was released at the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058803", "title": "Infant falls down from stairs, dies", "text": "CHENNAI: An 11-month-old infant died and his mother was injured when they fell down a flight of stairs from the first floor in their house in Thiruninravur on the outskirts of the city on Monday.The police said K Bhagyalakshmi was carrying her son, K Nithesh, and walking down the stairs when she tripped on her nightgown and fell. \"Bhagyalakshmi was going to the bathroom on the ground floor when she fell with the baby,\" a police officer said. \"There was no balustrade along the staircase so she had nothing to hold on to.\"Family rushed the child to Institute of Child Health, Egmore, but doctors declared him dead on arrival. Bhagyalakshmi has been admitted to Government General Hospital.A case has been registered under section 174 of CrPC to investigate cause of death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13058133", "title": "Truant power hits tax collection", "text": "BANGALORE: Property tax collection has been hit by the BBMP's crashing servers and power cuts dogging its revenue offices.Property holders are being forced to wait for hours at revenue offices in Nandini Layout, Fraser Town and Banaswadi because computers aren't working.Shashank M, resident of Nandini Layout, went to file his property tax on Friday last and ended up spending the entire day in the revenue office to wait for power to return. \"When I entered the office , I knew that there was no power but thought the computers would run on UPS. But the official at the counter said the servers too had crashed,\" he said.Frequent power cuts have affected work at BBMP's Fraser Town and Banaswadi offices too.\"Despite our hectic work schedule, we find time to pay tax, but officials say the system has crashed and there is no power. This is frustrating,\" said Ananda Krishnan, a resident of Banaswadi.In case of power cuts, I will instruct officials to have back-up support. Also, I suggest that citizens go online to pay tax which is easier and quickerMK Shankarlinge Gowda | BBMP commissioner", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058354", "title": "Mild shower disrupts power for hours", "text": "HYDERABAD: A moderate shower disrupted power supply in several areas, including Srinagar Colony, Erragadda and Greenlands, on Tuesday.Though the rainfall was just 1.4 mm in the afternoon, it knocked out power in areas like Srinagar Colony for nearly six hours. In some areas, power supply was restored for a brief while after three hours, though it was of low voltage.Though citizens were put to inconvenience for several hours due to the disruption, Central Power Distribution Company Limited (CPDCL) metro zone officials claimed electricity supply was restored within 45 minutes. They claimed a 33-kv line feeder between Erragadda and Greenlands tripped at about 1.30 pm. Since the Greenlands feeder serves the chief minister's camp office at Begumpet, CPDCL officials provided alternative power supply from Nims and Sringar Colony sub-stations.Meanwhile, apart from the feeder problem, the Srinagar Colony sub-station developed technical glitches and due to which power supply could not be restored till late in the evening. Similar complaints of power disruption were received from Madhapur area. Sanjeevareddy Nagar, Vengal Rao Nagar and Kalyan Nagar faced power outages for over three hours as tree branches fell on transmission lines due to strong gales.\"In Vengal Rao Nagar, power supply got disrupted at about 1.30 pm and it was restored only at around 4 pm. When we called the control room, the CPDCL officials replied that it would be restored within 30 minutes. However, we had to suffer for over two hours,\" K Subbi Reddy, a resident, said.The emergency control room of CPDCL was flooded with complaints from across the city. The officials manning the control room said that they had received over 100 complaints from various parts of the city, but power supply was restored immediately as it was not a major problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059334", "title": "An apolitical industrial unit faces neglect here", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As the byelection to the Neyyattinkara assembly constituency inches closer, everything in the region seems to be revolving around politics, and those apolitical are apparently neglected!This is true of the Neyyattinkara Taluk Integrated Powerloom Industrial Co-operative Society Limited at Uchakkada, which is reeling under a crisis despite its efforts to sustain itself for the last 14 years.Except this unit under the Kerala State Cooperative Textile Federation (Texfed), the other powerloom industrial units under Texfed across the state receive patronage due to their strong political affiliations.The Kottayam Integrated Powerloom Industrial Co-operative Society runs with the backing of the Congress.The Calicut Integrated Powerloom Co-op Society and the Wayanad Handloom Powerloom and Multipurpose Industrial Cooperative Society operate with the support of the Left parties. The Malappuram-based Kerala Hi-tech Weaving and Garment Cooperative Mills is under the patronage of the Muslim League.But the Neyyattinkara unit, which is independent and apolitical, is largely neglected, say officials at its helm.Adding to its woes, the Neyyattinkara Society faces the tough challenge of labour retention. \"Many men and their families affected by the hooch tragedy in Neyyattinkara were brought into the fold of the loom and textile sector as part of the rehabilitation programme. But now labour retention has become a tough challenge as many are going back to liquor, jobs in construction industry, or in search of greener pastures,\" says Texfed managing director B Arul Selvan.This society here that had over 500 employees with a built-in infrastructure to house 1,000 powerlooms, has currently less than 100 employees on contract, with 200 looms.\"Though plans are afoot to modernise the looms and run full capacity to tide over the crisis in the sector, fluctuating market prices of raw cotton and yarn is crippling the industry. Meeting the huge transport costs, labour cost and maintenance cost is equally tough,\" says Arul Selvan.Raw cotton has to be obtained from Tamil Nadu , Andhra, Karnataka and Gujarat. And the finished product has to be marketed in cities outside the state including Bhiwandi, Mumbai, Calcutta, Delhi and Tirupur.Though the state government is expected to release Rs 78 lakh as project fund through the National Cooperative Development Corporation (NCDC), it has not yet done so. Commercial banks are not ready to provide working capital and the Neyyattinkara Powerloom Society is entirely dependent on government equity with 10% promoters' support.\"Labour retention is tough as workers under the employee guarantee scheme get a daily wage of Rs 150 for working a few hours. Here they can make around Rs 300 per day, but will have to work eight hours on 8-10 looms,\" says Gopi Krishnan, chairman, Neyyattinkara Powerloom Society.However, 26 looms here have been upgraded and over 100 more will be upgraded on receiving an expected Rs 23 lakh from the government.With modernisation, the number of workers required will be far less. \"Earlier only two looms could be operated by a worker; but with modernization, one worker will be able to operate 10 looms, producing quality yarns. The damage to yarn will also come down, ensuring a better quality product,\" said Sajitha S, secretary, Neyyattinkara Powerloom Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058651", "title": "Manch petitions govt over Mhadei sanctuary", "text": "PANAJI: The Sattari Jagruk Yuva Manch on Tuesday demanded that the government constitute a task force to demarcate the residential and cultivable areas in the Mhadei wildlife sanctuary.The Manch on Tuesday submitted a memorandum in this regard to chief minister Manohar Parrikar .In the memorandum the group has stated that the government has notified Mhadei wildlife sanctuary but has not identified and demarcated the residential and cultivable areas in the sanctuary.\"We urge the government to appoint a task force committee and take up the issue before the court and central government in order to resolve the issue,\" the memorandum said.\"There has to be a balance between the interest of the local population and the objectives of the wildlife sanctuary. If there is no support from the local population, the management of the sanctuary will suffer, leading to a conflict between locals and forest officials,\" the memorandum added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060489", "title": "Three mowed down by trains in city", "text": "JAIPUR: Three persons, including a woman, were run over by trains in three separate incidents in the city on Tuesday. According to Government Railway Police (GRP), an 18-year-old youth was run over by train at a railway track in Bajaj Nagar. The youth, Arvind Kumar Mohata, had come to Jaipur from Bihar in search of a job.\"The victim might not have seen the train while crossing the tracks,\" said an officer. The GRP has ruled out any possibility of suicide.In another incident, police have recovered the mutilated body of a woman from the railway tracks near Durgapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060311", "title": "Kovai Corporation appoints 6 new lawyers", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city corporation has appointed six new advocates to represent the civic body in its legal matters in an attempt to strengthen its legal wing. Two of them will appear on behalf of the corporation in legal issues filed before the district courts while the remaining others will take care of legal matters before the Madras High court. At the moment the city corporation has 989 pending cases filed before the various district courts, Madras high court and also the Supreme Court.The civic body has passed a resolution to appoint fresh batch of lawyers in the council meeting held on April 27. Advocates A Sikandar Basha and K Rajasekaran will represent the corporation in the district courts. They were also handed over their appointment orders formally on Tuesday at the Coimbatore corporation main office here in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059349", "title": "Promises modern ambulances; to revamp hospital society", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Health minister V S Sivakumar has said the government would take steps to reduce the rush of patients at SAT Hospital here. He said a decision on constructing a new building for the hospital would be discussed soon.Sivakumar, who visited the hospital on Tuesday, said the hospital had severe space constraints and patients were facing severe hardships because of this. He went around the hospital wards.He visited the hospital following reports that hospital-acquired-infection had affected over 300 new-born babies in the hospital and had killed 50 in one year. The minister said only 79 babies had been affected by infection in the last one year.Sivakumar urged the hospital authorities to appoint more cleaning staff if there is any shortage. He said the labour room, out-born nursery and in-born nursery were clean after the sterilization process undertaken two days ago. He urged the authorities to sterilize the hospital at regular intervals to keep it free from infection.The minister also promised SAT Hospital a new state-of-the-art ambulance to shift patients coming from peripheral hospitals. He also stressed the need for restructuring the hospital development society.This was Sivakumar's first visit to the hospital after he took over the health portfolio.Times of India had reported that SAT Hospital -- considered the biggest mother-and-baby hospital in Asia -- was still vulnerable to hospital-acquired-infection. In the last one year, about 391 babies born in this hospital were affected with this infection of which 50 had died.Following a complaint, chief minister Oommen Chandy had ordered an inquiry into the deaths that occurred in the hospital in the last one year.Sivakumar who visited the hospital on Tuesday, said the hospital had severe space constraints and patients were facing severe hardships because of this", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058333", "title": "Official goof-up puts many schools in dock", "text": "NAGPUR: The students' census held last year showed up some astonishing figures of dismal attendance levels at schools and junior college in Maharashtra. This census was organized from October 3 - 5 across the state by the education department and one aim was to expose schools that fudged their enrolment figures to siphon off government aid. Education officials were shocked to discover that 49 schools and junior colleges in Nagpur had zero attendance.It turns out schools were less at fault.Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director (education), confirmed to TOI there was a goof-up by his officials that has resulted in these shocking statistics. \"These educational institutes happened to be closed on the day the inspection team reached. Education officer Someshwar Netam should have visited them later but didn't. So eventually in the final report their attendance was recorded as zero causing all this confusion,\" he said.Higher officials who saw this were shocked to see names of even a few well-known schools- one of them being the almost hundred year old Dinanath High School and Junior College. Pradip Ganguly is the trustee of Bengali Education Society that runs the school. He said holidays were unavoidable during that period.\"The census was being held during Durga Puja and we are a Bengali institution. This has been a holiday for us since the school's inception. It was not possible to open the school just for census. A corrected report by the officials was prepared later on but it seems it has not been updated in education department's records,\" he said. He added that Netam had already informed him about the goof-up and assured that the mistake would be rectified.Since last week, the education department is busy sending notices to these institutes for having attendance below 50 per cent. Total 62 institutes in Nagpur, including the 49 with zero attendance, have been sent showcause notices asking why they should not be de-recognized by the board.Karajgaonkar said, \"Since, on paper these institutes had low attendance, we have sent the notices. We have asked schools to send their side of the story by mid-May. Even we understand zero attendance institutes cannot exist within the city and they will get a chance to set the record straight. However, other institutes whose attendance was genuinely less than 50% will face action.\"Some teachers' organizations are opposing the action. Purshottam Panchbhai, general secretary of Vidarbha Shikshak Sangh, said, \"we have written to the education minister urging him not to prosecute teachers by assuming that all students who were absent during census are bogus. There could have been various factors and the department should investigate the truth. Even if it is found that certain institutes are resorting to fraudulent methods, we cannot deny involvement of education officials in the scam. If teachers are being prosecuted then similar action should be taken against officials as well.\"The education department expects a final report on all notices should be ready by June end and sent to the board office in Pune.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13059246", "title": "Impure water results in jaundice, hepatitis", "text": "RAJKOT: Rajkot Municipal Corporation (RMC) has detected four cases of jaundice and 15 cases of hepatitis A from Dharamnagar Avas Yojna in Gandhigram area.According to RMC's health department officials, all the diseases have surfaced due to contaminated water in the housing societyOfficials said that 20 days ago contaminated water got mixed up with the pipeline which supplies drinking water to this society.\"As soon as we came to know about the cases, we sent our paramedical team to conduct a survey in the area. In all, 904 houses in Dharmanagar Avash Yojna area were surveyed,\" said a health department official.According to Dr. P P Rathod, deputy health officer, RMC, 12,070 chlorine tablets were distributed in the area and a mobile dispensary has been stationed in the area for the next four days.\"We have collected 16 water samples from the area and sent them for laboratory tests,'' Dr. Rathod said.There are no fresh cases reported from the area so far. But, as precautionary measures, water tankers are being sent to the area and residents have been told not to consume water which they suspect as contaminated water,\" he said.'There is no drainage in the society but after this incident, RMC has decided to lay proper drainage system in the society to avoid such cases in the future,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13057238", "title": "Fed Bank staff call off stir", "text": "KOCHI: The Federal Bank Officers Association (FBOA) has called off its planned two-day strike on May 7 and 8 following an understanding with the management on the issue of transfer of officers to branches of the bank in North India, according to a FBOA statement on Monday evening.The FBOA said that the officers who were proposed to be transferred by Federal Bank on charges of indiscipline for not participating in employee recognition programs on May Day and public holidays had rejoined duty at their respective branches on Monday.As per the understanding reached by the FBOA with the bank management, the house rent and leave travel allowances to which the bank's officers are entitled to would be decided on a time-bound basis. Besides, a medical reimbursement scheme would also be introduced by the bank for its retired officers and their family members, FBOA said.The bank's executive director P C John, chief GM T S Jagadeesan and GM Jolly Antony represented the management at the talks with FBOA. Antony Johnson, president, FBOA and general secretary P V Mathew were among the FBOA reprsentatives at the talks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13062521", "title": "SC raps toll tax collection on incomplete highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Centre about its highway projects as it wanted to know where people are asked to pay toll tax despite the numerous diversions which causes inconvenience.The court made this observation while hearing a petition which had questioned the toll tax on Gurgaon-Delhi expressway. The apex court suo motu expanded the scope and sought response from the Centre.The court said the public must know the policy decision of the government in projects meant for common man if he was being asked to pay for it.The Supreme Court said if one travels to Amritsar from Delhi he would have to pay toll tax every 15 km despite the project being incomplete and ridden with diversions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058642", "title": "Producer faces action for 'beating' up director", "text": "HYDERABAD: Producer Bellamkonda Suresh is in the soup for allegedly beating up director Santosh Srinivas who gave him a hit in the form of 'Kandireega' last year. Srinivas has lodged a complaint with the Telugu Film Directors Association (TFDA) over the issue. It seems the TFDA has taken the complaint seriously and decided to take stern action against Suresh.The association has begun a preliminary inquiry into the episode and likely to question both Srinivas and Suresh soon. The issue reportedly pertained to the script of a film which is a sequel to `Kandireega'. It is learnt that the director refused to change the script that was agreed to by the producer before launching shooting of the film.Bellamkonda Suresh reportedly told the directors association that he had only got into an argument with Srinivas. However, the director informed the association that Suresh had even threatened to eliminate him. Suresh has been given another chance to meet the directors association on Tuesday to settle the issue. \"It definitely is a serious issue. However, the association will not jump to any conclusion. If Bellamkonda Suresh is guilty, the association will not hesitate to take appropriate action against him,\" TFDA president V Sagar told TOI.Though Sagar did not specify what action the association would likely to take against Suresh, it has several options. One would be to boycott Bellamkonda Suresh. That means, no director will do a film for him.Another is that none of the 24 crafts in the industry will cooperate with Suresh if the directors association makes a request to the Film Employees' Federation. Suresh may also be asked to give a written apology to director Srinivas. So far, Srinivas has not lodged any complaint with the police and the directors association also does not intend to ask him to do so.It may be mentioned here that even during the shooting of 'Kandireega' in 2010, there was trouble on the sets with fighters from the Telugu film industry beating up those from the Tamil film industry in Hyderabad. This led to a serious situation in the film industry and for several weeks there were no shootings in Andhra Pradesh. A few years ago Bellamkonda Suresh was in news following an incident that took place at actor Balakrishna's house. Suresh was shot at in the actor's house and the police had registered a case against Balakrishna. Suresh, however, had told the court that he did not know who had fired at him. Balakrishna was acquitted in the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13060635", "title": "Petitions challenging conferring municipal corporation status to 3 Punjab cities dismissed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday dismissed all petitions challenging the state government's decision to confer corporation status to Mohali, Pathankot and Phagwara.While dismissing the petitions, Justice Ajay Tewari observed the process of declaration of an urban area into a municipal corporation is essentially a legislative function, and the only ground on which it can be challenged is the ground of unconstitutionality or ultra vires, which has not been raised in the present cases.The court also held that a perusal of the notings on the files relating to declaration of these municipal corporations reveals that the statutory parameters were considered. Once these have been considered by the competent authority, it is not part of the province of the court to sit in appeal or to substitute its own judgment.Importantly, earlier the HC had stayed all the notifications declaring the state government notifications conferring MC status on these cities.While challenging the notifications issued by the Punjab government, the bunch of petitions filed before the high court had submitted that the decision was taken by the state without considering the statutory parameters and not adhering the population parameters of these cities.While alleging political motives of the state in declaring these cities as MC, it was also argued that the government did not wait to receive them, leave alone take them into consideration, but considered only the recommendations of the deputy commissioners who had no role to play.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059070", "title": "Three-storey building collapses, none injured", "text": "INDORE: A newly constructed three-storey building behind Malhar Mega mall collapsed here on Monday late night. The building had no occupant and no injuries were reported.The building's foundation had reportedly weakened due to the construction work at an adjacent plot. About 18-foot deep pit was being dug at the basement on the plot for last 20 days. The owner of the plot, sources say, was repeatedly reminded about filling the pit as it was weakening the foundation of the building. No effort, however, was taken. Intermittent rains for last three days too had weakened the foundation which resulted in the collapse of the building.The building was constructed on a 1,000 square feet PU-4 commercial plot and belonged to Mahesh Chandra Ratwani. It was to be let out to Juari Furniture on rent. Sources estimated that cost of the building might have been around Rs 50 lakh.The building, which normally was a shelter for homeless, was vacant on the fateful night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059565", "title": "Worli locals alarmed as part of sea turns black", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of housing societies in Worli expressed concern after noticing that part of the Arabian Sea near the Haji Ali dargah turned black. The civic body, however, claimed there was nothing to be worried about and it was only the outcome of desilting process upstream.The residents alleged that a stormwater pumping station was draining pollutants unchecked into the sea. Raghu Sawhney (65), resident of Shiv Tirth, said, \"On Monday, I noticed the water turning black; the filthy water seemed to be coming from the BMC pumping station across the road. Again on Tuesday, they started dumping filthy water into the bay.\"L S Vhatkar, chief engineer, stormwater drains, said, \"Residents need not fear any contamination as it is not any industrial effluent. The water becomes darker because of desilting. Once the desilting work is over in a few days, the water will return to normal.\"A civic official at the pumping station said, \"The station only regulates the flow of water from drains into the sea and they do not add any effluents into the water.\"He explained that the water is darker than usual because of the desilting work. \"When the drains are dredged, the submerged silt often mixes with the water and makes it appear darker.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058775", "title": "CIC to give details of information commissioner\u2019s pension, retirement benefits", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Central Information Commission on Tuesday directed itself to disclose details related to pension and retirement benefits of former information commissioners.The order was in response to an RTI query by Goa resident A Venkataratnam who had sought information on the number of information commissioners who had retired, and how many of them were receiving pension and benefits.Information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi overruled the CIC CPIO who had claimed that bank account details of the retired commissioners were exempt under provision 8(1)(j) of the RTI Act. Gandhi directed the PIO to send letters to the former information commissioners to give them an opportunity to voice their objections on disclosure of this information. Recognizing that ICs were public servants, Gandhi asked for the information to be disclosed by June 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056787", "title": "World Red Cross Day celebrated", "text": "KOCHI: \"Red Cross gives the younger generation an opportunity to prove to society that they are socially committed and thus will help change the popular belief of youths being indifferent to such matters,\" Hibi Eden MLA said on Tuesday while speaking at the World Red Cross Day celebrations organized by the Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) Ernakulam chapter at General Hospital .The event, presided over by district collector and president of IRCS, P I Sheik Pareeth, was inaugurated by P Mohandas, district judge.In his presidential address, he said that the IRCS's objectives were strengthening disaster mitigation activities at the water front, concentrating on prevention as well as cure for major diseases as well as developing a good cultural behaviour among the people, emphasizing on qualities such as unity and harmony.The meeting was followed by presentation of awards, including the Red Cross Jeevan Raksha Award, Junior Red Cross Jeevan Raksha Award, award for best Red Cross volunteers and awards for commendable service in Red Cross Society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057936", "title": "People with kin in Pakistan used for smuggling fakes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fake currency smugglers based in Pakistan have now developed a new modus operandi for pumping in counterfeits into this country by using Indians with relatives in Pakistan.Delhi Police has arrested a 51-year-old woman, identified as Irnat Fatima, who allegedly worked for the smugglers from across the border. The smugglers apparently chose her family members as their conduit because of her relatives living in Pakistan.Police seized fake currency with a face value of Rs 34.34 lakh from her. The woman's son, Shakir, has already been arrested by CBI on April 30 with around Rs 15 lakh of fake currency, police said.\"We received a tip-off about the accused coming to the area with counterfeits. A trap was laid at Gokulpuri and a decoy customer was sent to her. We apprehended the accused,\" said Sanjay Jain, DCP, northeast.A police source said this seizure was part of a consignment of around Rs 70 lakh that had been sent to be disposed of in the capital. The source said the consignment was first sent to Punjab from where it was sent to Loni in Ghaziabad.Fatima's son, Shakir, had received the consignment there on April 30. They were waiting for information on phone to dispose of the fake currency. However, Central Bureau of Investigation and DRI received a tip-off about the counterfeits. Shakir and another carrier, Yusuf Ali, were arrested in a raid, Jain said.Sources said that during the raid, Fatima escaped from the CBI dragnet with fake currency worth Rs 34.34 lakh. She was apprehended on Monday night by northeast district police. The counterfeits recovered from her were in the denominations of Rs 500 and 1000, police said.Fatima was negotiating to sell the notes in the denominations of Rs 500 and Rs 1000 for Rs 200 and Rs 500 respectively. The recovery has sent the investigating agencies into a tizzy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057305", "title": "East Bengal to rest key players", "text": "KOLKATA: Out of reckoning for a berth in the knockout stage of the AFC Cup and with the local league's title-deciding match against Mohammedan Sporting coming up next week, East Bengal coach Trevor Morgan is set to rest some of his key players when they host Kuwait's Kazma SC at the Salt Lake Stadium on Wednesday.East Bengal - having lost all their five matches so far - are bottom of Group B in the continental tournament and Morgan has made no bones about his priority at the fag end of the season.East Bengal, winners of the Super Cup and IFA Shield and runners-up in I-League, can add another title to their kitty if they beat Mohammedan Sporting in the final-round match of the CFL Premier Division on Monday. The red and golds currently lead the league table by a point over challengers Mohun Bagan , who take on United SC in Siliguri the same day.No wonder that Morgan is unwilling to take any risk against Kazma in a match which has nothing but pride at stake for his team. First-choice strikers Tolgay Ozbey and Robin Singh , as well as influential midfielder Mehtab Hossain, are expected to sit out, so that they are fit and fresh for the game against Mohammedan Sporting. Nigerian defender Uga Okpara is also likely to get a rest while Nigerian playmaker Penn Orji and Subodh Kumar are ruled out with double bookings. A number of his reserves will thus get international exposure.\"Our priority is winning another title (CFL Premier Division), so a number of our first-team players will be rested. Besides, these players are also tired of travelling extensively in the past few weeks,\" Morgan pointed out on Tuesday.Brazilian Edmilson - who has scored the team's only goal in the tournament so far, in the 1-4 loss to Yemen's Al Arouba in the previous match - will lead the attack against Kazma. Experienced goalkeeper Sandip Nandy is expected to get the nod over young Gurpreet Singh Sandhu. Gurpreet, incidentally, was guilty of conceding two soft goals, off free-kicks, against Kazma in the away match, held on March 20.Kazma, unlike East Bengal, have no option but to win on the morrow and keep qualification hopes alive.The Kuwaiti side, tied on 8 points with Al Arouba, are second on the table behind Iraq's Arbil FC (11 points). With Arbil hosting the Yemeni outfit in the other match on Wednesday, a win over East Bengal will automatically take Kazma to the next round as one of the two teams from the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062513", "title": "I\u2019m quite simple, with very basic needs: VJ Bani", "text": "Aajkal Sabko fame chahiye, feels DJ Bani as she talks to us on the makeover of reality shows over the past few yearsSIMPLE AND BEST? In times when reality shows are becoming a staple for our daily TV regimen as well as a shortcut to fame for youngsters, Gurbani Judge aka VJ Bani, one of the earliest winners of a popular reality show, said \"I'm quite simple, with very basic needs,\" she says during her visit to the city. She added that the name and fame came just by chance she said, \"Roadies\" happened by chance. I had just taken my class XII exams and came to Chandigarh for vacations, where I came to know about Roadie auditions. Meri mom ne bola jao toh maine auditionds de diya and got selected too.\"NOT A FREE BIRD ANYMORE So what profession she would have chosen if Roadies hadn't happened in her life and she says, \"I would love to do anything which will bring out my creative side. I take VJing as a job only and a job is a job after all!\" So what is her funda to relax after the job and Bani gets livid, \"I'm not seeing anybody if that is what you are getting to. There is no time anyway. I am working even on weekends. While I do have special friends , I'm not dating anybody.\"FAME GAME When reality shows of every imaginable kind are on air at the moment, we couldn't help but ask whether Bani feels anything has changed in the reality show business. \"I remember that when I had given my audition, there were only 8-10 girls in the line. But now, I see thousands. So, I think reality has become huge now, in India. Aj kal sabko fame chahiye.\" And does she think shows have become bolder too, content wise, with the participants mouthing expletives with drop of a hat, and she adds, \"I feel bad about it. While the participants feel they are enhancing their chances by indulging in such stuff, they forget that everybody, including their family, is watching them on TV.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059505", "title": "IPC to apply even if Indian boat or ship harmed on high seas: Government to Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: India on Tuesday brushed aside Italy's sovereign immunity claim for two naval guards facing murder charges for allegedly killing two Indian fishermen by telling the Supreme Court that Indian Penal Code applied to the Italian naval officers who committed an offence against Indians aboard an Indian registered fishing boat within 200 nautical miles of the Indian coast.\"It is a settled law that domestic law enjoys primacy over international law in relation to the same subject matter and an Indian court is bound to apply Indian law even if the same is in violation of international law,\" the ministry of external affairs said in an affidavit before the apex court.The MEA's insistence that two naval guards must face trial under Indian law was in response to Italy's claim that the February 15 shooting incident happened on the high seas giving rise to a dispute between Italy and India, which should be resolved under international law.Even if the incident had happened on the high seas against an Indian vessel or an Indian aboard the vessel, IPC would have been applied, the Centre said citing Section 4(2) of the IPC, which provides that the penal code will apply to any offence committed by \"any person on any ship or aircraft registered in India wherever it may be\".But in this case, the exercise of criminal jurisdiction was in consonance with principles of public international law, it said.\"In the present case, it is an admitted position that the bullets fired by Latorre Massimillano and Salvatore Girone hit the Indian fishermen (Ajesh Binki and Gelastine) while they were on board a vessel registered in India. Therefore, a part of the offence took place on a ship registered in India. This is sufficient to invoke Section 4(2) of the IPC and accordingly, the exercise of jurisdiction in the present case is legally under Indian law,\" the MEA said in the affidavit filed through counsel B V Balram Das.Contesting Italy's claim for sovereign immunity, the MEA said Italy's claim that it had exclusive jurisdiction under international law was misconceived because in trans-national crimes, there was no concept of exclusive jurisdiction.The ministry said Italy and the two accused naval guards had waived off their sovereign immunity claim by subjecting themselves to the process of Indian law by becoming parties in the admiralty suits filed by the kin of the two dead fishermen before the Kerala civil courts.Moreover, the naval guards might be naval officers but they being engaged privately to guard ships on the high seas would not enjoy sovereign immunity in respect of crimes committed under Indian law.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13061557", "title": "Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal at the Cannes", "text": "Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal which has crossed the 75 days mark will be screened at the prestigious Cannes festival.The film directed by producer Eldred Kumar is a romantic thriller which had a different narration. The film starred Atharva and Amala Paul in the lead roles with Jayaprakash and Santhanam in supporting roles. The songs of the movie were chartbusters with musical score by GV Prakash.The movie is due to hit the screens in Andhra Pradesh soon. The producer tuned director is elated over the success of his debut directorial and is riding high on skies to present his movie at the Cannes.The producer and director of Muppozhuthum Un Karpanaigal has been invited to the exclusive Producer's Network which will have MUK screened on the opening day of the Cannes festival and later on the 22nd of May 2012.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057921", "title": "Standing committee meeting postponed", "text": "NASHIK: The first meeting of the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC)'s newly constituted standing committee was postponed by a day on Tuesday as corporators demanded that the municipal commissioner be present at the meeting.Corporators expressed displeasure at the absence of the officiating municipal commissioner and district collector, P Velrasu, on Tuesday. They demanded that he either be asked to come for the meeting or the meeting be postponed till he was available to attend in person.Deputy municipal commissioner (administration) Deepak Kasar, represented the civic administration in the absence of the civic chief. Corporator Prakash Londhe (RPI) and Ajay Boraste (Shiv Sena) said that important issues like the mosquito menace was to be discussed in the meeting for which the municipal commissioner's presence was crucial.The municipal secretary read aloud the letter given by Velrasu, which explained that he would not be able to attend the meeting because he was busy scrutinising municiapl council election nominations. To this Dinkar Patil (Congress) questioned how much time did scrutinising six candidates take? \"The meeting can be adjourned for an hour or two till he is free to attend, else we demand a new municipal commissioner,\" Patil said.Committee chairman Uddhav Nimse announced that the meeting would be postponed to 11.30am on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058131", "title": "Segway to rickshaw, tourists off beaten track", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's difficult, maybe impossible, to truly explore Delhi from the confines of a tour bus or through the rehearsed words of a guide. As the city evolves, it's only natural that the ways of viewing it also adapt. Driving home the point is the Segway tour, which started recently to not only give tourists and locals a new perspective on seeing the city, but also a way to experience the \"rich man's bicycle\".It's a simple enough machine - electric, with two self-balancing wheels, a raised platform to stand on, a steering frame, and handlebars - albeit one that costs about Rs 5 lakh. With a few minutes of practice, it's even easier to operate - just lean forward to move ahead, turn the frame to change direction, and pull back the handlebars to brake.\"It gives a higher platform to stand on, better access to places where it is difficult to take a car or bike, and has a zero turning radius. It has a speed of 20-25km per hour, and in a single battery charge covers up to 38 km,\" says Ankur Bhatia, executive director, Bird Group, which conceived the project here.They just have a single 45 minute route for now - bookings for which can be made online after May 11 - but plans are underway to start new ones. Bhatia is quite confident of the response, as he says such tours are successful in over 500 cities worldwide, and there is no reason why they wouldn't be here.Still, there are some logistic concerns. \"Delhi doesn't have pavements, and the traffic here isn't regulated either, so we will conduct only morning tours,\" he says. Since the machine has, until now, not made an appearance on the streets of Delhi, it doesn't fail to grab eyeballs either.These tours have just begun, but a recent spate of innovations has completely revolutionized tourism in the city. No visit to Delhi can be complete without a journey to the old city - in its labyrinthine alleys and narrow bylanes are countless of stories just waiting to be discovered. But what gives the old city its charm also makes it harder to access - cars and buses cannot pass through, and the area is too big to explore on foot in a single trip.\"We would always make it a point to visit the old cities whenever we travelled abroad, and that made us realize that we had hardly ever been to Old Delhi because of the immense chaos and confusion,\" says Ritu Kalra, who co-founded 'When in India' rickshaw tours with Taruna Nagpal in September last year, combining the spirit of the old city with one of Delhi's most infamous modes of transport.\"We researched the area for about six months to decide a route, and got special rickshaws made with sofa seats, seat belts, pedestals to get on and off, canopies, coolers for beverages, and first-aid boxes,\" says Kalra. In less than a year, they have organized several routes - some of which can be customized - covering different aspects of the potpourri that is the old city.When Dutchman Jack Leenars moved to the city, he took it upon himself to see the real streets of Delhi, by cycling through the back lanes in the early hours of the morning. Few people tagged along initially, but it took off and resulted in 'Delhi by Cycle' tours. Their website says the tours are all about the street experience - nothing is beautified, hidden, or avoided - complete with hot cups of masala chai on the way.\"Cycles tours are popular worldwide as they give a street experience of the city, and give access to hidden corners, lanes, and markets. Apart from tourists, I get a lot of locals who also want to explore the city they live in,\" says Leenaars, a former foreign correspondent.They have about 60 bikes, but run tours in small groups of eight for a more \"personal experience\". They're not alone in the sentiment. The rickshaw tours take only up to ten people a tour, while Segway tours don't take over five.For larger groups, especially those who want a break from typical tourist buses, the HoHo bus service is probably the next best thing. There are no frantic horns by a waiting bus driver and no fear of missing the group either; for Rs 300 a day, people can get off at a stop for as long as they want.\"We modelled the buses on those that ply in European cities like Rome, Paris, and London. They are air-conditioned, low-floor, CNG operated, and have LCD screens and trained guides. Since there is a HOHO every half hour from 8am to 8pm, tourists can hop on and hop off at any stop,\" says G G Saxena, managing director, Delhi Tourism.Once the Games ended, the fleet of 14 buses - with a capacity of 650 adult passengers - naturally lost out on customers, but they are slowly coming back now. \"We have started renting out the buses to schools for about Rs 7,000 a day, and also provide snacks. Each bus can accommodate about 50 children,\" says Saxena.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058807", "title": "Congress using CBI to target opposition leaders: BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP on Tuesday hit out at the Congress for using the CBI to target opposition leaders, in the context of the CBI reiterating its demand to reopen the case against former party president LK Advani over his alleged involvement in the demolition of the Babri Masjid.The issue came up for discussion in the BJP parliamentary party meeting held on Tuesday morning. \"What the CBI has disclosed on Monday and the day before is nothing but the rejoinder to the counter affidavit filed by Mr Advani and others questioning the entire motive. This selective leak of CBI's stand in the pending procedure before the Supreme Court is deeply deplorable,\" party spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.\"The CBI is working through an agenda as the front of the Congress party, when Parliament is in session. It is deliberately playing the political games of the Congress party, when people know full well that the Supreme Court has turned down the plea three times,\" he added.The CBI has appealed in the Supreme Court that Advani along with other leaders should face trial in the demolition case.The agency opposed the separation of trial of eight accused leaders -- Advani, Murli Manohar Joshi , Uma Bharti , Vinay Katiyar, Ashok Singhal, Giriraj Kishore, Vishnu Hari Dalmiya and Sadhvi Rithambara -- from 41 others, mainly kar sevaks, allegedly involved in the demolition of the disputed structure on December 6, 1992.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13057854", "title": "ONGC official killed in Ghaziabad pit", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A 54-year-old PSU employee lost his life due to the negligence of civic agencies in Ghaziabad when he fell into an open chamber for water pipelines in the Indirapuram area on Sunday evening. The victim, Anil Kumar Tayal, was general manager (F&A;) and chief of internal audit in ONGC and had been transferred to Delhi from Mumbai just 40 days back. Police said Tayal had gone for a walk around 6.30pm in Green Valley Park, developed by Ghaziabad Development Authority, when the incident occurred.Police have refused to register a case of negligence on the ground that no complaint has been filed so far either by ONGC or the victim's family. A junior engineer, MK Sinha, has been suspended and an adverse entry made in the service book of the executive engineer concerned, SS Shukla, by GDA vice-chairman for negligence. Is that punishment enough for a precious life lost? And who will compensate Tayal's family?Tayal was posted at the ONGC office in Scope Minar at Vikas Marg in East Delhi and was staying in the PSU's guesthouse at Gaur Greens Avenue in Abhay Khand-III, Indirapuram.Indirapuram SHO GN Yadav said, \"There is a big valve deep inside the manhole that has been installed by Jal Nigam. It appears Tayal fell into the manhole after coming out of the park and his head might have hit the valve. He suffered severe head injuries. Local residents rushed him to a nearby hospital where he was declared brought dead.\"The apathy of the civic agencies is quite evident. Even after two days of the incident, till Tuesday afternoon, the 5 feet deep and 3 feet wide chamber was still open.Police sources said Tayal had left the guesthouse for a walk and told the domestic help to bring his clothes from a drycleaner. The help said he did not return to his room. When the office driver came to the guesthouse around 9.30am on Monday to pick him, he had to wait. At 10am, he went around the guest house looking for Tayal. When he was found missing, senior officials in ONGC were informed. \"We formed two teams to search for him. One team scanned all city hospitals while the other reached the Indirapuram police station to file a missing complaint,\" said a senior ONGC official.\"We came to know from the domestic help that Tayal was wearing a brown T-shirt when he went for the walk. When we gave this description to the police, they showed us his body for identification. Around 1.30pm on Monday, chief general manager (HR) and president of Association of Scientific and Technical Officers (ASTO) Naved Rao identified Tayal,\" the official added.The deceased's body was handed over to the family after postmortem after which they took it to his native place, Barnala, in Punjab. Tayal is survived by wife Neena and sons Ankur (25) and Sameer (22). He was cremated on Tuesday. His younger brother, Arun, said that the family is in deep shock. \"It will take us some time to come out of this trauma,\" he said.The deceased's family and ONGC officials trashed the initial claims of the police that at the time of the incident, Tayal was drunk and talking on his cellphone. \"His phone was recovered from the guesthouse room. I knew him for the past 25 years and he was a teetotaller,\" said a close friend of the deceased. Police then retracted their statement.Tayal started his career with ONGC at Dehradun as finance and accounts officer on November 2, 1982. \"He worked at Mumbai, Baroda, Sivasagar, Jorhat, Uran and Delhi. He was promoted as general manager (F&A;) on January 1, 2010 and he had recently taken over charge of chief of internal audit at Delhi,\" said an old friend and colleague of the deceased.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13060014", "title": "Bike-lifter-turned-terrorist held", "text": "BANGALORE: Central Crime Branch arrested a 25-yearold habitual offender from Chamarajpet for alleged connections with the Lashkar-e-Taiba .The youth has been identified as Abdul Rehman alias Abdur, a resident of Tippu Nagar near Chamarajpet. He was arrested in 2005 for allegedly supplying weapons to miscreants. Police chief BG Jyothiprakash Mirji told the media, \"In jail, Abdul came in contact with terror suspects Fahadin and Afsar. The duo brainwashed him using videos and books about jihad. Fahadin and Afsar were later shifted to Gulbarga jail.\"\"With Abdul's arrest, police have foiled a murder plot against prominent Hindu leaders. Cops got to know that Abdul, along with some LeT activists, was planning to attack the four policemen who escort Fahadin from Gulbarga jail to a local court,\" CCB police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062631", "title": "Car enthusiasts at this do", "text": "In this recently concluded car rally, which was flagged off from a club in cantonment, the enthusiasts from the town participated in high spirits flaunting their skills on the steering wheel.Interestingly, this rally was that the participants were supposed to reach the destination spots exactly on the time assigned.What was interesting about this rally was the historical monuments in the city were chosen as various stoppages. Among the speed stars who participated in this rally were Karan and Karanveer who were seen posing alongside their mean machines.AFTERNOON RUSH: The car lovers were seen flaunting their shades on this bright afternoon that added an extra glam quotient to the do. Wearing their aviators Sameer, Karan, Pinki, Samir and Karanveer were seen beating the glare at this do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13058125", "title": "Tune in! FM comes to Hubli", "text": "HUBLI: Citizens will soon be able to tune into music on FM radio, just like their counterparts in Bangalore. If all goes well, a full-fledged FM radio station will be set up within two months, and will give entertainment a whole new meaning in Hubli.The FM station, slated to come up on the premises of the BVB Engineering College of KLE Society, will be a first of a kind. It is being set up by the engineering college on its own campus.Apart from providing entertainment, the focus will be on providing information about various social issues, including health, agriculture, civic and other issues, to educate the people, Ashok Shettar, principal, BVB Engineering College, Hubli, told TOI. It will cater to all categories of people - young and old, women and children.Construction of the studio on 1800 sqft of land is already under progress. The FM station has a range of 11km across the city. \"We've invested Rs 50 lakh to set up the FM radio station. It will be the first full-fledged FM station to be set up by an engineering college on its premises in the whole state,\" he said.Shettar said the central government gave its nod to BVB College a few days ago, and work was started immediately. \"We are now in the process of recruiting two radio jockeys, programme assistant and programme director to run the FM station,\" he said.KLE Society is also planning to set up FM radio stations in Gadag, Haveri, Belgaum and other regions of North Karnataka, for which they have already applied for permission and are waiting for the green signal from the central government, he said.Right now, a radio station is functioning on the University of Agricultural Sciences premises, exclusively for farmers.It was set up to disseminate information about agricultural activities to help farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059791", "title": "\u2018Didi would\u2019ve extracted 2,000 crore in 2 minutes\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The state delegation, which was seeking a Rs 2,900-crore drought relief package from the Centre, has returned empty-handed from Delhi. After the meeting, Shiv Sena leader in the Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut slammed the cabinet led by Prithviraj Chavan for not \"securing even ten rupees from the PM even as they went with a begging bowl\". \"Mamata Banerjee would have extracted Rs 2,000 crore in two minutes,\" he said.However, the CM remained optimistic. \"We must understand there is a process in place for securing assistance under the central calamity relief funds. The opposition may say there is no quick-fix relief, but it takes time to obtain the relief funds,\" Chavan said in telephonic conversation. \"It is wrong to look at our efforts in that sense (a begging bowl) because every state is entitled to its share of financial assistance for calamity. We are seeking what we deserve.\"The central relief package will be announced in a month and include reimbursement for what the state has already spent on drought mitigation. Sources said the sum could be about Rs 1,500 crore, including Rs 700 crore of what was promised by the Centre last year.The PM also did not assure Maharashtra funds for clearing the backlog from the accelerated irrigation benefit programme. This is in the backdrop of a bleak economic scenario on the horizon and several other states, including Uttar Pradesh, too seeking funds for irrigation schemes.Chavan said he told the PM that farming in Maharashtra was rain-fed. \"He has told most states to practise fiscal discipline through proper use of allocations made for subsidies and capital works. I explained to him that Maharashtra, like in parts of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, will have to be treated with a different yardstick,\" Chavan told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057412", "title": "Debt noose tightens as state keeps borrowing", "text": "KOLKATA: With the Centre buying time to decide on chief minister Mamata Banerjee's demand for a three-year moratorium on loan repayment, the debt burden on the state is growing heavier by the day. Within a fortnight after the Trinamool Congress government borrowed 2,500 crore (on April 24), it borrowed another 1,000 crore from the market on Tuesday. With this, total borrowing of the government this fiscal rose to 3,500 crore.If a government official's forecast is anything to go by, the government is likely to borrow again by the month-end to pay next month's salaries and pensions. \"We had borrowed 2,500 crore last month to pay salaries and pensions. Now we have borrowed another 1,000 crore for sundry expenses. We may have to take a loan of another 2,500 crore at the end of this month to pay salaries,\" an official said on Tuesday.Just before last year's assembly polls, the Left Front government borrowed 5,173 crore in two months. Though this gave fodder to the Trinamool (then the opposition party) on the hustings, it left the new government with a window of 12,000-crore loan - a limit set by the Fiscal Responsibility and Budget Management (FRBM) Act - for the rest of the financial year. The Centre had increased Bengal's borrowing limit by 2,706 crore as part of the bailout package, enabling the government to borrow around 17,000 crore last year.Officials are apprehensive that the new government's borrowing rate may surpass the erstwhile government's records, though the projected market borrowing limit set by the Mamata Banerjee government for the current fiscal is around 20,000 crore (which is 2,000 crore less than the last year's borrowing cap). However, the target of a decreased borrowing would be a tall order under the circumstances, said officials.The state depends heavily on market borrowing for non-plan expenses. The state's other sources of income, its share of central taxes and duties, which - in 14 installments - work out to around 1,500 crore a month. The amount was reduced from 21,975.82 crore to 19,966.86 crore in the last fiscal and finally stood at 18,587.81 crore in March 2012, thanks to lower revenue collection by the Centre. No wonder Mamata has been demanding a three-year moratorium and debt-restructuring immediately - or perhaps - ahead of the presidential elections in July.At present, finance department officials are racking their brains for a better borrowing management, especially since North Block has set up a committee headed by expenditure secretary Sumit Bose to help the three most debt-stressed states of Bengal, Kerala and Punjab. The panel will seek commitments from these states on raising resources and reducing borrowing and non-developmental expenditure.But so far, the Bengal government has been anything but austere. The exhibition at Milan Mela grounds planned on the occasion of the new government's first anniversary would cost the state exchequer anything between 10 crore and 15 crore or more, said officials. Given the spending spree, borrowings would escalate beyond manageable limits. Officials said the UPA government raised Bengal's borrowing limit by another 950 crore only in March. While in opposition, the Trinamool Congress would protest every time the Centre did that for the Left Front government.Sources said the year-old government has already sent officials to North Block for a borrowing enhancement of 1,500 crore, citing that it has to shell out 22,000 crore per year towards debt servicing. Last November, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee said he was trying to provide some flexibility in the market borrowing cap for states. But Bengal, as the chief minister keeps harping, is reeling under a debt trap. And enhancement of borrowing limit would only add to the debt burden.The FRBM stipulates 3.5% of the state's GDP as the outer limit to determine its credit worthiness. Bengal, Kerala and Punjab have all breached this rule and have thus been designated as debt-stressed.Bengal gets more debt-stressed by the day even as the centre buys time for a solution to chief minister Mamata Banerjee's demand of a moratorium and debt-restructuring.In less than a fortnight, the state government on Tuesday borrowed another Rs 1,000 crore from the markets. On April 24, it had borrowed Rs 2,500 crore, taking the total loan amount in the first five weeks of the new fiscal to Rs 3,500 crore. Officials revealed the government may have to borrow again at the end of the month to pay next month's salaries and pensions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059567", "title": "Woman proclaimed offender held in Delhi", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A 40-year old proclaimed offender (PO) of Chandigarh, Monika Singh, was held for cheating a resident of Rohini of several lakhs on the pretext of selling him a flat in Vasant Kunj in Delhi. Accused Monika, a resident of Panchkula, was held on Monday and her bail was rejected by a Delhi-based court on Tuesday.The accused and her six associates cheated Jaiveer Singh of Rs 89 lakh on the pretext of providing him a flat in Vasant Kunj. Around 50 cases of cheque bouncing, cheating and fraud are pending against the accused in Chandigarh, Panchkula and Mohali.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058701", "title": "HC upholds life in jail for murderer brother-in-law", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa has upheld the sentence of life imprisonment imposed by the trial court on Raju Narayan Shirke for murdering his brother-in-law Sanjay with a knife at Piddukarwada, Bicholim, in 2008.According to the prosecution, the accused on October 9, 2008, stabbed the deceased with a knife during the night .Frequent quarrels between them over the use of a portion of the house by the accused, who was married to the sister of the deceased, culminated in the ghastly incident. The accused was doing a tailoring job in the house of the deceased.The North Goa sessions court had convicted the accused under Section 302 of the Indian Penal Code and sentenced him to undergo imprisonment for life and to pay a fine of 10,000. He was asked to undergo simple imprisonment for a period of six months, if he fails to pay the fine amount.Shirke had filed the appeal in the high court challenging the session court's judgment.The appellant's lawyer, Mahesh Amonkar, pointed out that there is no direct evidence on record to establish that the appellant had committed the crime. The mother of the deceased was the only eye witness who has not stated anything which could incriminate the Appellant in the alleged crime, Amonkar said. While stating that there is no forensic evidence against the appellant, Amonkar argued that there were no blood stains on the clothes or nail clippings of the appellant.On the other hand, public prosecutor, C Ferreira, stated that the evidence on record discloses that the accused and the deceased were on 'inimical terms' on account of some property disputes.While upholding the trial court judgment, a division bench comprising Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice F M Reis observed: \"We have found that the presence of the accused-appellant at the site of offence has been established by the prosecution. The appellant did not show any reaction to the incident and continued to remain at the place despite the fact that the deceased had suffered stab injuries.\"The appellant also did not make any attempt to provide any medical assistance to the deceased immediately. This attitude of the appellant would be relevant for the purpose of considering his involvement in the crime.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057537", "title": "HC blast: NIA seeks court's permission to probe Indian Mujahideen men", "text": "NEW DELHI: National Investigation Agency (NIA) on Tuesday moved a trial court seeking to interrogate six of the eight alleged Indian Mujahideen (IM) suspects, arrested recently by Delhi Police in connection with the May 2011 Delhi high court blast.Hoping to get a lead in the case, NIA sought the court's permission to probe the alleged IM modules. The blast occurred outside gate number 7 of the high court on May 25 last year.Filing its plea before the court of additional chief metropolitan magistrate Manish Yaduvanshi, the agency sought to examine Gayur Ahmad Jamali, Abdul Rehman , Mohd Adil, Bashir Hussain, Mohd Qateel Siddiqui and Mohd Tarique Anjum Ahsan, all arrested by Special Cell of Delhi Police. NIA sought to question them for 10 days over a month. During the hearing, public prosecutor Rajiv Mohan said he has no objection to NIA's plea. Meanwhile, NIA's special public prosecutor sought more time to file a schedule in respect of the proposed examination of the accused. The matter was fixed for August 16.The low-intensity blast had taken place near the footpath outside gate number 7. NIA was told to probe the case after Delhi Police failed to make any headway. The incident was suspected to be a dry run for the September 7 blast that left 15 people dead. NIA re-registered the case under various sections of Explosives Substances Act and Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act.The investigating will now interrogate Gayur Ahmad Jamali, 21 and Mohammad Adil, 40, who were arrested from Darbhanga and Madhubani in Bihar. Mohammad Qateel Siddiqi, 27, was arrested in Delhi. Abdur Rahman, 19, of Darbhanga, was arrested in Chennai and Ahsan was arrested from Nalanda in Bihar.The accused are said to be involved in terror strikes in Delhi, Bangalore and Pune. Delhi Police claims that they were involved in the Pune German Bakery blast on February 13, 2010, the blast at Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium during an IPL match on April 17, 2010 and firing and explosion in a car outside Jama Masjid on September 19, 2010 ahead of Commonwealth Games.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058431", "title": "Kanpur: Many primary schools exist on papers only, says survey", "text": "KANPUR: Many government primary schools exist only on papers. The recent reports during a survey conducted by the basic education department brought to fore the stark reality. As many as 35 aided primary and upper primary schools in the district were found to be existing only on papers.A steep decline in the attendance of students in various government primary schools of the district had forced the officials of basic education department to visit schools operating in various localities across the district. However, the reasons of drop in attendance were not clearly reported by the education department. But 13 junior basic schools and 27 primary schools were not found on the officially registered locations.An official of basic education department said that after getting notice by the state education department against the skeletal attendance in schools in the district, sudden inspections were conducted.Nagar shiksha adhikari (NSA) Narendra Pawar said that the recent survey had highlighted the anomalies going on in basic education. There were many schools which were found only on papers.\"We have sent a notice to the managers of the schools to mention the exact location. The managers were also asked to give reasons why they had shifted the schools without giving prior information. After the detailed investigations into the matter, registration of schools found violating norms would be cancelled,\" NSA added.Commenting on the dip in attendance, the NSA said that it is a matter of concern that teachers posted in basic schools have failed to attract the students through teaching skills. The management committees of the schools have become dysfunctional.According to teachers, dilapidated infrastructure, poor quality of mid day meal and unavailability of books and dresses are the reasons for drop in attendance in basic schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13058190", "title": "Isaac Boakye in a fix as Chirag delay salary", "text": "KOCHI: With his visa expiring on Wednesday, Ghanaian footballer Isaac Boakye, who played for Chirag United Kerala in the just completed I-League 2011-12 season, is in a major fix. Like the rest of his teammates, Isaac is yet to receive a part of his salary from the team's Kolkata-based owners, Chirag Computers.While Isaac prepares to head to the Commissioner's office with a plea for extending his visa, he at least has a cause for some relief thanks to the club's previous owner P Bhaskaran. \"When Isaac spoke to me about his plight, I handed him a cheque for the month of April from my own pocket. We (the administrative team in Kerala) have yet to receive any cash from the Chirag group,\" said Bhaskaran.However, this is a direct contradiction to what Chirag Computers' owner Kaustav Ray claims. \"We have cleared the salary bills of all the players for the month of April and the few days of May,\" was what Ray said when informed of Isaac's scenario on Tuesday evening. \"We have asked the foreign players to go back to their respective countries as we do not have many major tournaments coming up until the I-League second division starts next year,\" he added, while also confirming that the group have no plans to sell the club.Isaac, meanwhile, is going nowhere. \"I plan on getting my visa extended with my own money. Right through the year, the Chirag guys have been irregular with their payment and I am sure that if I go back to Ghana, I will never receive my salary for May,\" said the Ghanaian, who drew a monthly salary of $2700 (approx. Rs 1,50,000) after tax cuts.Echoing Isaac's sentiments was Nigerian striker David Sunday.\"My visa expires on May 23 and I have yet to receive the salary for April and May. Just like with Isaac, I know that I have to stay here and collect the money before I leave. We've been told by Bhaskaran and K Prasanthan (team manager) that the owners haven't sent money from Kolkata and that they are angry at the team being relegated. I feel very bad about the relegation myself but we put in our best efforts every day. Relegation is no excuse to withhold the money we are owed,\" said Sunday, whose monthly salary is $6,500 (approx. Rs 3,50,000).The Indian players in the side are in the same position. Captain K Ajayan and striker CK Vineeth confirmed the tale their foreigner teammates had already narrated. Ajayan summed up the issue best when he said, \"In ten months that we have been with the club, not once have the owners come to meet the players. The only time anyone from Chirag even spoke with us was when Rana (Bandyopadhyay, the vice-president) had come down to announce the appointment of Technical Director Biswajit Bhattacharya in February. So, this is the most we can expect from these 'anonymous' owners.\"Previous owners yet to receive cashThe Chirag money trail gets murkier. Despite ten months having passed since the takeover of the club (previously known as Viva Kerala) by Kolkata-based Chirag Computers, original owner P Bhaskaran is yet to get a major chunk of the money from the sale.\"When they bought the club from me in August, they paid 20 per cent of the cash up-front. The rest of the money was supposed to be paid within two months. I have yet to receive that balance payment. Also, ever since the season ended and the club got relegated from the I-League, the top Chirag brass have been avoiding my calls and mails,\" said Bhaskaran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13061694", "title": "Irate mob kills three in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Angry mob lynched three people presuming them to be thieves at Bharat Nagar in Kalamna on Wednesday. The angry mob had also targeted police vehicles trying to torch it.One died at the spot, two were learnt to be declared dead at hospital. A stretch of the city, particularly slums in the southern part in the outskirts, were in the grip of tension for the last few days after rumours about gangs targeting women in the night were doing the rounds. There were also reports of slum residents thrashing suspects in the night.It was learnt that angry residents had already alerted police. The cops, along with local residents, had already stepped up patrolling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059898", "title": "'NHPC flouted rules in Lower Subansiri project'", "text": "GUWAHATI: A report accessed through an application filed under the Right to Information Act (RTI) has put construction of the the Lower Subansiri Hydel Electric Project (LSHEP) in the scanner. Accessed by consultant engineer J N Khataniar, the data reveals that NHPC had not taken a statutory and regulatory clearance from the Brahmaputra Board for the construction. Though NHPC claimed that the project has clearances from 10 government bodies, it has furnished documents for only four while answering the application.\"The Brahmaputra Board said it has not issued any clearance to NHPC before starting construction of the dam. Even the Central Electricity Authority (CEA) in the office memorandum had directed NHPC to finalize the integrated flood studies and reservoir operation in consultation with the board and Central Water Commission before executing the project. The board revealed they have not even received the detailed project report from NHPC,\" said Khataniar. He added that the memorandum from the CEA's office was not forwarded to the board.The RTI report also said that the state power department had agreed to the project in 2002 simply by asking for some free power. \"The Assam government's power department has issued a no-objection letter on February 11, 2002, simply by saying that the government has no objection to the construction of the hydel project if the state gets a percentage of electricity generated for free. This is a clear example of lack of vision of our bureaucrats who did not even mention about any downstream affect assessment of the project or the safety measures that would be put in place,\" he added.Sharing the details with media, Khataniar said NHPC in reply of his application could only file documents of four clearance from various agencies. \"Surprisingly, the committee could not file documents or certificates from the other six agencies mentioned in their appraisal. I believe the construction of the dam was done in a detail and scientific manner and it needs to be re-examined transparently,\" he said.NHPC, in its appraisal had said, that it has clearances from the ministry of environment and forest, ministry of power, Central Water Commission, Central Electricity Authority, National Committee on Seismic Design Parameters, Geological Survey of India, Central Soil and Material Research Station, the Assam government, the Brahmaputra Board and the Arunachal Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058180", "title": "'Blessing baron's son not wrong'", "text": "HYDERABAD: Tirumala temple chief priest Ramana Deekshitulu, who is in the eye of a storm for meeting a top industrialist's son at their private guest house atop the Seven Hills, dismissed the argument that his action was against the TTD rules. The industrialist's son is believed to have gifted the chief priest some exotic birds, which also invited the wrath of the Hindu dharma prachara and temple protection samithi activists.Speaking to TOI over phone, the chief priest, however, argued that there was nothing wrong in meeting people. He said that Agama sastra did not forbid priests from meeting people at the place of their stay or residence. \"People come to temples and seek blessings from archakas. What's wrong in that? What's the harm in blessing the young boy as he suffers from a major health problem,\" Deekshitulu pointed out.Though he did not name anybody, the priest alleged that a 'lobby' was working overtime to defame him. \"The industrialist's son and I share common interests in zoology. We discussed about environment and later, he gifted me two pairs of love birds which are available in Tirupati. Let me tell you they are not rare birds as reported in a section of the media,\" he told TOI.Meanwhile, the TTD management has not taken any action against the priest for going out of the temple portals to bless the industrialist's son. Deekshitulu was already reprimanded by the TTD in 2010 when he had met a top industrialist at a private guesthouse. When contacted, joint executive officer K S Srinivasa Raju ducked the issue and said executive officer LV Subramanyam would take a final call.The EO, who is in Mumbai, was unavailable for his comments. \"We will respond only after the EO returns to Tirumala,\" TTD PRO Ravi said. Sources said Deekshitulu as the chief priest is well versed with the Vaikhanasa Agama (which is followed in Tirumala temple), TTD is unlikely to take any action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059849", "title": "Odisha cop 'executed' by Maoists, Centre seeks information", "text": "NEW DELHI: The home ministry on Tuesday asked the Odisha government to convey to it under what circumstances assistant sub-inspector Kruparam Majhi was kidnapped by Maoists and the possible reasons behind his killing.Majhi was kidnapped by Maoists and shot dead on Tuesday in a forest area in Nuapada district of Odisha bordering Chhattisgarh. The incident took place weeks after the abduction and release of two Italians and a BJD MLA in the state.An official here said the ministry was worried over repeated Naxal violence in Odisha and has been sensitizing the state government for proper utilization of central paramiliatry forces deployed in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060180", "title": "Uttar Pradesh government scraps Mayawati's Jewar airport project", "text": "LUCKNOW: Uttar Pradesh government has decided to scrap the ambitious Greenfield international airport at Jewar. A crucial part of former chief minister Mayawati's dream project, the airport has been dumped as a result of the Centre's unwillingness'' to give clearances to the project. Now, the SP government is planning to develop a new international airport between Agra and Mathura.As per the rules, no airport can be constructed within 150 km of an existing airport. Jewar, however, was less than 100 km away from New Delhi's Indira Gandhi International Airport. Although the BSP government had repeatedly requested the Centre to clear the airport project, it could never materilase.Confirming the decision to scrap the Jewar airport, infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta said: Central clearance for Jewar airport was pending for seven years. In the absence of this approval, UP government was left with no alternative. As a result, a decision was taken to scrap the project.''The decision, however, does not mean the end of the road for the international airport project in the state. Following the scrapping orders for Jewar, the state government has also issued instructions for identifying a new site for an international airport, conforming to the 150-km distance ruling. District magistrates of Agra and Mathura have been instructed to identify sites that are at least 150 km from the IGI airport. The new airport will, tentatively, will come up between Agra and Mathura. The search for the new site will begin soon,'' Gupta said.Setting up an airport at the new site, however, might also not be easy. Among the first bottlenecks that the state government could face in this regard is related to land acquisition. With UP having witnessed large-scale farmer unrest only one year ago in the same region, at Bhatta and Parsaul villages of Western UP, it is not certain how the farming community might react to fresh acquisition bids this time. In addition, obtaining environmental clearances from the state and centre could also involve inordinate delays in the implementation of the project. The SP government, however, will hope that its manifesto promise of paying six times the market rate to farmers for acquiring their land will make the process smoother. Reportedly, however, different departments of the state government have opposed this decision saying that it will be impossible for the state government to bear the cost burden of such a decision. Gupta said: We don't see any major delays because no work had been done on the Jewar airport except the identification of land. We will be also do the same in one month. The process of acquiring land will only begin after that.''sEarlier, the Mayawati government had scrapped a proposed airport project in Partapur, about 16 km from Meerut. Though the project was believed to have attracted interest from big players and had also received an in-principal approval from the Union ministry of civil aviation, it had to be dropped, once again, because the two proposed airports in Partapur and Taj International Airport in Jewar were less than 100 km apart. Officially, however, problems related to land acquisition were cited as the reasons for cancelling the Meerut airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059751", "title": "Nearly 6,500 autos fitted with e-meters, says state", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government told the Bombay high court on Tuesday that nearly 6,500 autorickshaws in Mumbai and Thane had been fitted with electronic meters since April 1.A division bench of Justice P B Majmudar and Justice Ramesh Dhanuka was hearing a plea by the Mumbai Autorickshawmen's Union, which the Supreme Court had remanded to the HC for monitoring.Additional government pleader S R Nargolkar submitted a compliance report by Satish Sahasrabudhe, joint transport commissioner, stating that 6,437 autos had been fitted with e-meters from April 1 to May 4. Nargolkar also said there were \"sufficient manufacturers\".He said there were 13 authorized e-meter manufacturers in Maharashtra and their monthly production was 87,500 units. Besides, 248 dealers had been appointed. \"Not a single new auto will be registered unless it is fitted with an e-meter,'' he said.The judges asked the union's advocate, M D Nagle, whether the rickshaw drivers were happy. \"So far, there are no complaints. We have not got complaints or compliments,'' said Nagle. Justice Majmudar said: \"If complaint is not received, it can be construed as a compliment in a given case.'' The judges also said as the concept was new, it might take some time to adjust with the same.Asked if e-meters in taxis and autos were the same, Nargolkar said they were, except for calibration. \"There are no complaints from consumers. People are happy with e-meters.\" But a union functionary said both mechanical and e-meters could be tampered with.On a plea by Nagle, the judges directed the Hakim committee to consider allowing advertisements on autorickshaws as was the case with buses and taxis. \"Let them also earn something. (The) cost of living is high,'' said Justice Majmudar.On behalf of the Mumbai Grahak Panchayat, advocate Uday Warunjikar said autos without fitness certificates were still plying. The judges said the details of such cases could be provided to the RTO. The judges posted the matter for hearing on August 1 and directed the state to file a compliance report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13060147", "title": "Antony to seek hike in defence outlay to counter twin threats from Pakistan, China", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is looking to crank up its defence budget to counter the deepening military nexus between China and Pakistan, which could even extend to it being confronted with a two-front war in a worst-case scenario.Defence minister AK Antony on Tuesday told Rajya Sabha he would seek a hike in the Rs 1,93,408 crore (around $39 billion) defence outlay in the 2012-13 budget due to \"new ground realities and the changing security scenario\".\"The growing proximity of China and Pakistan is a cause of worry...I know the gravity of the situation. We have to take a second look at the defence budget in light of the changing threat perceptions,'' he said.The Army's new doctrine and \"pro-active strategy\" has also factored in the remote but plausible contingency of grappling with both China and Pakistan simultaneously in a two-front war, as was first reported by TOI earlier.The armed forces had sought a defence outlay of Rs 2,39,123 crore this fiscal that would have amounted to 2.35% of the projected GDP for 2012-13, but ultimately got only Rs 1,93,408 crore to notch up 1.9%.Now, after Gen VK Singh's warning about \"critical hollowness\" in the Army's operational capabilities to deal with two \"inimical neighbours\", the government is doing a serious rethink. \"The defence budget has to be enhanced to deal with the new challenges,\" said Antony.This came after opposition leader Arun Jaitley stressed the importance of shaping India's strategic policy and defence preparedness as per \"changing geo-strategic realities\". Though he was \"almost sure\" there would be no conflict, Jaitley said India had to be prepared for a \"90-day full spectrum war\". \"How do we defeat Pakistan and how do we hold China? All this has to be factored in,\" he said.Antony acknowledged there was need to \"speed up\" several plans already underway to boost operational military capabilities as well as border infrastructure through strategic road and rail links. \"If China can increase its military strength in Tibet , India can do the same in Arunachal, Sikkim and other areas,\" he said.Two new infantry divisions - with 1,260 officers and 35,011 soldiers - for instance, have been raised that are based in Zakama (Nagaland) and Missamari (Assam), apart from independent armoured and artillery brigades and a joint air defence center.\"In the 12th Plan period (2012-17) also, we will build a new offensive corps, with two specialized divisions for high-altitude areas. The (over Rs 60,000 crore) proposal has gone to finance ministry,\" said Antony.This new mountain strike corps headquartered in Panagarh (West Bengal) will give India, which for long concentrated on only the land borders with Pakistan, new offensive ground capabilities against China.Then, India will get aircraft carrier INS Vikramaditya (Admiral Gorshkov) and indigenous nuclear submarine INS Arihant, armed with nuclear-tipped missiles, early next year to add to the nuclear attack submarine INS Chakra already inducted from Russia on a 10-year lease. \"In fact, Navy will be getting five new warships every year from now onwards,\" said Antony.IAF will be strengthened with 270 Russian Sukhoi-30MKIs already being inducted for around $12 billion, the 126 new medium multi-role combat aircraft to be acquired in the almost $20 billion MMRCA project and the 250 to 300 fifth-generation fighters to be built with Russia in the gigantic $35 billion programme.Besides, apart from transport aircraft like C-17 Globemaster and C-130J Super Hercules, there will be 120 Tejas light combat aircraft as well as 51 upgraded Mirage-2000s and 63 MiG-29s to add to its combat fleet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13056760", "title": "Staff shortage hits action against power thefts", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Shortage of manpower is affecting the operations of Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) squads that check power thefts in Malabar.While the total sanctioned number of squads in the region that includes Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur, Wayanad and Kasaragod is 11, only six of them are operational.Though each squad should ideally be headed by an assistant executive engineer and comprise of a sub-engineer and a lineman, sources in the board say the two squads in Malappuram and Kasaragod have no heads.Presently an assistant engineer of the squad in Kozhikode has been given the additional charge of anti-theft squad in Malappuram. In Malappuram, Kannur, Wayanad, and Kasaragod only one out of the two squads are functional. In Kozhikode, only two of three squads operate. A KSEB official said that though the squads are well-equipped and enough vehicles, it is short of hands.Most officials are not interested in being part of the squad as the work involves extensive travelling,\" the official said.In 2010-11, the six squads in the region carried out 8,126 inspections based on tip-offs compared to 7,104 in 2009-10.Squads in the region noticed 1,235 incidences of irregularities, including 82 cases of power theft compared to the 971 cases of irregularities and 95 theft cases in the previous year.However, the amount collected as arrears by the squad declined from the Rs 4.69 crore in 2009-10 to Rs 41.17 crore in 2010-11. An official said the figure would have been much higher if all the eleven squads were functional.The official said that majority of the power theft cases falls in the category of magnetic tampering.Kozhikode: The anti-power theft squad of the Kerala State Electricity Board (KSEB) that is entrusted with the task of checking the incidences of power theft has been finding it difficult to do effectively curb power pilferage due to shortage of man power.Even as the total sanctioned number of anti-power theft squads in the northern region, which includes districts such as Malappuram, Kozhikode, Kannur, Wayanad and Kasaragod, is eleven, only six are functional, according to sources. Each squad is headed by an assistant executive engineer or assistant engineer and includes a sub-engineer and a lineman. Sources said that there are only sub-engineers and linemen with the squads that are functional in Malappuram and Kasargod, where the sanctioned number of squads is two. An assistant engineer of the squad in Kozhikode has been given the charge of the anti-theft squad in Malappuram. While in Malappuram, Kannur, Wayanad and Kasaragod only one of the two squads are functional.\"The squad is equipped with most modern equipment and vehicles but is short of man power. Due to the extensive travelling involved officials are not interested in taking up postings with the anti-power theft squad,\" said an official on condition of anonymity.During the 2010- 11 financial year six squads in the region have carried out 8126 inspections, majority of them on the basis of tip off, compared to 7104 in 2009 - 10. Squads in the region have found out 1235 incidences of irregularities, including 82 cases of power theft compared to the 971 cases of irregularities and 95 theft cases compared to the previous year. However, the amount collected as arrears by the squad declined from the 4.69 crores in 2009- 10 to Rs 41.17 crores in 2010- 11. An official said that the figure would have been much higher if all the eleven squads were functional. The official said that majority of the power theft cases falls in the category of tampering metres using magnets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13056870", "title": "Shane Watson gives Rajasthan easy victory over Pune", "text": "PUNE: Two questions popped in the mind after another stuttering batting performance saw Pune crash to a seven-wicket defeat against Rajasthan on Tuesday, effectively putting them out of the reckoning for a place in the playoff. Depending on which of the above teams' supporter you are, it could be: Is Steven Smith the right man in the wrong team? Or, is it still the fast bowler who wins matches even in T20?Scorecard | Match in Pics | Watch IPL HighlightsWhen Pune were restricted for 125, it didn't come as a surprise. The misfiring batting has become such a routine that one almost expects it. The energetic Smith has been the only bright spot for Pune this season and shone once again on Tuesday, unfortunately for the team, not with the bat but with his fielding skills. The 'catch' that he took from a lofted shot from Shane Watson at the long-on boundary was an extreme example of the 21-year-old's situational awareness but sadly for him his acrobatic skills didn't adhere to the existing cricket laws.With the bat, however, the New South Wales boy was silenced by the express pace of his compatriot Shaun Tait, which leads to the second poser.Of course, Rajasthan would be happy to dismiss it as academic interest. Used intelligently by Rahul Dravid for one over a spell, Tait rewarded his captain with three for 13, a wicket in each over except the first. Yet, for all the debate, the difference between the two teams on the day was Watson -- with his bat. He hit an unbeaten 90 off 51 balls with 10 fours and four sixes.Watson, coming in at the fall of Ajinkya Rahane, effortlessly sent the ball to all corners of the park. After smashing Murali Kartik for two sixes and a four, the destructive Australian collected a boundary each from Bhuvneshwar Kumar, Ashish Nehra and Wayne Parnell.When Ganguly persisted with Nehra for a third over, the left-arm seamer's line on a flat track hardly tested Watson who hit him for two fours and a six to reach his half-century. Watson's innings showed what Pune lacked. It was the umpteenth opening combination of the season as Sourav Ganguly walked out with Michael Clarke but it proved to be no remedy for the team's ailment.As it turned out, Ganguly's vulnerability to the short ball was exposed, not for the first time in his career, and Clarke, coming into the tournament after a full tour of the West Indies, seemed to lack the energy to provide the explosive impact at the top order.The former India captain tried to duck and pull into a bouncer from Watson on 12, but luckily for him Tait grassed a sitter at third-man. But Tait had his man when Ganguly was a fraction too late with his pull shot and this time Ankit Chavan at square-leg judged the skier perfectly.When Clarke fell six balls later, two wickets had fallen for five runs. With Robin Uthappa too consuming more than a ball per run, it proved to be one of the most sluggish starts. The fifty came in 8.5 overs.Anustup Majumdar relieved some of the pressure with two lusty blows off Chavan, but just when it seemed he had broken the shackles, he played one slog shot too any and fell to Johan Botha.After that, the expected response from the lower order never came.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059462", "title": "Plea against Cooperage plan dismissed", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday dismissed a review petition filed against a court order passed last year that had cleared the decks for the renovation of the Cooperage ground. The HC had, 10 months ago, dismissed a PIL filed by former civic commissioner Jamshed Kanga and members of the Oval Cooperage Residents Association.The PIL, filed in 2006, had contested an order passed by former CM Sushilkumar Shinde on July 9, 2003, allowing the ground's redevelopment by the Western India Football Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13062466", "title": "Major fire at Mahindra and Mahindra plant near Nashik, no casualties reported", "text": "NASHIK: A major fire broke out at the auto major Mahindra and Mahindra Ltd's (M&M;) plant in Satpur MIDC near Nashik early Wednesday morning, which has been brought under control, fire brigade officials said.\"A major fire broke out at the logistics department of the company early this morning . After receiving a call at 5.45 am, informing us about the incident, fire tenders were rushed to the spot and the fire was soon brought under control,\" chief fire officer of the Nashik Municipal Corporation Anil Mahajan said.Nobody was injured in the incident, he said adding that around 25 fire tenders, both belonging to the local civic body as well as the company's own firefighting unit, were roped in to douse the flames.\"We do not know the reason behind the fire as yet. We are also yet to estimate the exact amount of losses,\" Nachiket Kulkarni, Head M&M;'s automobile plant, told reporters.Senior General Manager (Personnel) Udaykumar Vaidya said that spare parts of the company's popular SUV-- Scorpio and of other vehicles were kept at the logistics department, besides some cardboard and plastic material.\"The company is finding out the reason behind the incident,\" Vaidya said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13058279", "title": "Engine sans bogies chugs on", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Hundreds of passengers had a providential escape on Tuesday morning when the engine of the Chennai-Howrah Mail delinked from the bogies and chugged down a few miles near Gannavaram. The freak incident left the passengers shell-shocked. However, the railway authorities termed the incident as a minor incident and said it was caused because of a technical snag.The incident took place near Mustabad station, about 10 km away from Gannavaram station on the outskirts of Vijayawada. Howrah-bound Mail left Vijayawada station around 7 am and passed by Gannavaram at 7.15 am. It was at Mustabad, the engine suddenly detached from the bogies and travelled for nearly 10-15 minutes. The station staff at Mustabad was shocked as the passenger bogies of the superfast express came to a halt close to the station without the engine. Luckily, the bogies did not derail though the engine was cruising at top speed. They immediately alerted the control room to bring the engine to a halt at a nearby station. All the stations en route Eluru were alerted even as the control room crew brought all the trains travelling on the line to a halt to avoid a possible collision.Passengers of the Howrah Mail had no clue about the incident as most of them were just waking up from their sleep.Meanwhile, the drivers noticed that something was amiss and brought the engine to a halt before going back to Mustabad after obtaining permission from the control room. The engine was back at Mustabad in 20 minutes where it was linked to the bogies to continue its onward journey. Even before senior officials rushed to the spot, the train had left Mustabad.\"Since the incident took place in the morning hours, a major tragedy was averted as the movement of trains peaks only in the afternoon and towards night,\" a senior official said. The train left Chennai Central station at 11.30 pm on Monday.Senior officials from Vijayawada division informed their Chennai counterparts about the incident following which an inquiry was ordered into the lapse. Authorities at the Vijayawada division refused to comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059869", "title": "Parents don\u2019t cooperate, principals say", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of students failing in Class IX has increased since the RTE Act was implemented, school principals say, blaming parents for the situation. They say that students have stopped taking studies seriously because of RTE's no-fail policy, and they get a rude shock when they reach Class IX, because the policy does not extend beyond the eight standard.\"For such students, we organize remedial classes, but even these are not taken seriously,\" said the principal of a school in Andheri. \"We have held a series of meetings with parents, explaining them the importance of remedial classes, but after a period of time, they stop sending their children for the classes. Parents need to understand the ramifications of blindly promoting students year after year and prepare for the time their wards reach Class IX.\"Some say the attitude of parents and students towards examinations needs to change. \"Most students do not attend the remedial classes we hold. We contact parents, but even they show no improvement in their approach towards exams,\" said E Perreira, chief education officer, School of the Sacred Heart, Byculla. \"How do we help such students? The most we can do to bring down the failure rate is conduct more classes, even for students who are average, not bad.\"Schools are worried about blindly promoting students to Class X, fearing reproach from the education department. A few years ago, the principal of a Byculla school was dragged to court by the education department for deciding to give passing marks to all students who had failed in Class IX. \"Since we cannot break the rules, the department should give us guidelines on the basis of which we can promote weak students. Even if we have to conduct another set of examinations or hold special tests, we will. But we need a directive from the department,\" said Jyotsna Roberts, principal, Oxford Public High School, Kandivli. \"Some students have gone to the extent of leaving their answer sheets blank. When we tell them to attend remedial classes, their parents feel offended.\"Most principals said they were concerned about the disturbing trend of failure. They said they worry over students and parents being inflexible. While most are confused about the remedy, some say that extending RTE till Class X might help. \"This way, students will not feel out of place and at a loss and even schools and teachers can be at ease,\" said the director of a school in Khar. \"By thus covering students, the failure as well as dropout rates will come down tremendously.\"A principal said that teachers regularly complain about parents threatening them on the pretext of RTE. \"I have interacted with a lot of parents who have simply framed the mindset that as long as their wards are being promoted to the next grade, why bother. Such attitudes need to change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13059631", "title": "9 Asians in UK held for rape, trafficking", "text": "LONDON: A British court on Tuesday convicted nine men of Asian-origin for raping under-age English girls and sex trafficking in Liverpool .All the victims were vulnerable teenagers from broken homes and spent most of their time smoking , drinking and hanging around.Prosecuting lawyer Rachel Smith described them as \"the sort of children who were easy to identify, target and exploit for the sexual gratification\" . The convicts - eight of Pakistani origin and one Afghan asylum seeker - would be sentenced in a day or two. Two were acquitted while another remains on the run.Some of the teenagers indulged in sex willingly, but others were raped by up to five men at a time. The guilty are aged between 24 and 59.The gang used a slightly older girl as their recruiter, who became the girlfriend of one of the convicts.She kept the victims quiet by giving them with alcohol, food and cash payments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058972", "title": "Aircel-Maxis deal: Chidambaram must resign, says BJP", "text": "NEW DELHI: The running feud between the BJP and home minister P Chidambaram over the 2G spectrum scam continued in Parliament on Tuesday with the opposition disrupting proceedings demanding the minister's resignation for his alleged role in the Aircel-Maxis deal.The government dismissed a media report in which allegations were leveled against Chidambaram, saying it was \"factually incorrect and totally baseless\".The report referred to Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy's allegations that under Chidambaram as finance minister in 2006, the Foreign Investment Promotion Board (FIPB) sat on the Aircel-Maxis deal for several months. It also rejected the government's denial made on April 28, 2012, claiming that the government either did not verify the facts or deliberately concealed it to save Chidambaram.In Rajya Sabha, parliamentary affairs minister Rajiv Shukla defended the home minister, saying the proposal was processed in the normal course and approval by FIPB was granted in the normal course without any delay.The minister referred to the April 28 press release issued by the government regarding the foreign investment made by M/s Global Communications Services Holding Ltd, Mauritius, to acquire 73.99% equity in Ms Aircel Ltd. \"The contents of that statement are correct and reiterated,\" he said.Shukla gave details of the application made and the approval given to the proposal. He said M/s Global Communication Services Holdings Ltd made another application for downstream investment on September 2, 2006 and the proposal was recommended in a meeting of FIPB on October 3 the same year.Shukla said then FM (Chidambaram) on October 12 approved the minutes after the same were drawn up and moved by the deputy secretary on October 6. He said formal letter of approval was issued to the company on October 20. \"It will be clear from the above that the proposal was processed in normal course and approval was granted in normal course without any delay. It is unfortunate that baseless allegations should continue to be made without verifying the facts,\" he said.After the minister's statement, leader of opposition Arun Jaitley demanded that members would be allowed to seek clarifications on the highly controversial deal.Earlier, Lok Sabha could not transact any business in the pre-lunch session as it was adjourned thrice till 2 PM. As members shouted slogans demanding Chidambaram's resignation, Rajya Sabha was adjourned twice till noon after which normal business resumed.In the lower house, BJP and AIADMK members created uproar over the alleged role of Chidambaram in the Aircel-Maxis deal, demanding his resignation. Displaying copies of a newspaper which carried the report, they rushed into the well. BJD MPs were also seen on their feet when BJP and AIADMK MPs raised the issue.At the same time, Congress MPs started raising slogans against the Shivraj Singh Chouhan government in Madhya Pradesh over the killing of a farmer in police firing, demanding dismissal of the state government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13062172", "title": "Howard Carter remembered with a Google doodle", "text": "NEW DELHI: Search engine giant Google has featured a doodle on its homepage today to celebrate the birthday of Howard Carter, who was an English archaeologist and Egyptologist. Carter is known for his discovery of the tomb of Tutankhamun, a major contribution to his field.The doodle displays Carter standing amidst the ancient artifacts excavated from the tomb of Tutankhamun and inspecting his work.Howard (May 9, 1874 - March 2, 1939), born in London, was the son of a skilled artist who encouraged him to follow his footsteps.In 1891, Howard was made to go to Egypt by the Egypt Exploration Fund to act as an assistant to Percy Newberry in the excavation and recording of Middle Kingdom tombs at Beni Hasan.From a young age, Howard had an inquisitive mind and was capable of copying the ancient tomb decoration. Because of his interest in the ancient tomb decoration, Howard from 1894 to 1899 worked with Edouard Naville at Deir el-Bahari and recorded the wall reliefs in the temple of Hatshepsut.His work was recognized and acclaimed, and in 1899 he was appointed as the first chief inspector of the Egyptian Antiquities Service (EAS).In his career, he has supervised several excavations but it was on November 4, 1922, that he eventually found the trace leading to Tutankhamun's tomb, which is considered to be the best preserved and most intact pharaonic tomb to be found till date in the Valley of the Kings. He then with the support of George Edward Stanhope Molyneux Herbert, 5th Earl of Carnarvon, explored the gold and ebony treasures which are also considered an amazing archaeological discovery.He spent the next several months in cataloging the contents of the antechamber. And on February 16, 1923, Howard Carter opened the sealed doorway only to find that it led to a burial chamber where he got the first glimpse of the sarcophagus of Tutankhamun.Howard after this extraordinary discovery retired from archaeology and worked as a part-time agent for museums and collectors.At 64, Carter died of lymphoma, a type of cancer , in Kensington, London, which was commonly believed to be the \"curse of the pharaohs\" plaguing the party that violated Tutankhamun's tomb.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056885", "title": "Labour commission of Kerala Catholic Bishops Council slams low wages for nurses", "text": "KOCHI: Church-run hospitals in the state have reasons to worry. In addition to the growing incidents of agitation by nurses for better pay, and the release of the report by the Dr Balaraman committee, proposing a hike in salaries, the Kerala Catholic Bishops Council's (KCBC) labour commission has come out against these institutions for not paying decent remuneration to nursing staff.In his message on May Day, labour commission chairperson Bishop Jose Porunnedom had remarked that injustice towards those working with Catholic organizations could not be justified.Hospital authorities are not amused. For the below-100-beds-hospitals, which constitute 70% of church-run hospitals, paying higher wages to nurses is not easy, says Fr Paul Moonjeli, president of Kerala chapter of the Catholic Hospitals Association of India. Lisie Hospital, for instance, pays Rs 8,000-plus to freshers, while those who have completed one year of service get Rs 10,000. There is a yearly increment of Rs 500. \"We don't subscribe to the views of the labour commission because most Catholic institutions pay minimum wages. Nobody has studied how small and medium hospitals, especially in rural areas, survive without charging extra,\" says Fr Moonjeli.According to him, 70% of mission hospitals are on the verge of closure because of the hike in maintenance charges. Only 10% of the 400-odd Catholic hospitals have more than 200 beds, and it is not easy for the rest to survive in the changed scenario, he says. But the KCBC labour commission office-bearers maintain that they get regular complaints from nurses working in Catholic hospitals regarding low wages and lack of benefits. The commission wants the government to look into the issue and bring charitable institutions to the mainstream.\"A detailed study should be done, and government must ensure that nurses get minimum pay. If anyone has complaints, they can approach us. We have given directives to church-run hospitals to pay minimum wages to all staff,\" says Fr Jaison Vadassery, commission secretary. The commission has asked for a hospital regulatory committee to monitor the health sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059395", "title": "\u2018Tribals be made part of developmental process\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: A number of recommendations came at the three-day seminar on 'Geographical perspective of development deficit and Naxal movement' organised by the department of geography, Banaras Hindu University (BHU) from May 5 to 7. According to its convener Anand Prasad Mishra, it was recommended that a proper and comprehensive programme of social, economic, educational, cultural and other kinds of development should be undertaken in the affected areas. Exploitative contractors and mafia should be kept away.At the same time, activities like development of communication, children's education, creation of jobs and preservation of environment should be undertaken. The Adivasis or tribals should not be kept away from the process of modernization and industrialization. They must be consulted at all levels.The roots of the problems in Naxal affected areas of Bastar and other places are basically socio-economic and incorrect political handling. Development in the areas concerned have been neglected for too long. Besides, the rights of tribal regarding land and forest are not only being neglected but also violated. There cannot be violent solution to the problem in these areas. That only will lead to counter-violence. State violence like 'Operation Green Hunt' and such other operations against people should stop and the government must concentrate on socio-economic development. Mishra said that intellectuals and academicians should undertake studies and researches in geographical, socio-economic, political, cultural and other aspects of the region. History, traditions, beliefs and culture of the tribals should be studied and preserved.The recommendations of the expert groups of the Planning Commission should be strictly implemented. The natural resources should not be exploited indiscriminately to serve the greed and needs of MNCs and corporate houses. The local communities should control and enjoy the benefits of local resources. There should be no displacement of people, including tribals, anywhere. It was recommended that the mining resources should be utilized for industrial and economic development. MNCs and corporate houses should not be allowed to exploit and export them. The transfer of land from the tribal hands to the non-tribals should be banned. In this context, there should be no dilution of Chhotanagpur Tenancy Act and Santhal Pargana Tenancy Act, which presently protect the tribal land. The areas where more than 50% population is tribal, should be brought under the 5th schedule of the Indian constitution. Provisions of Panchayat (Extension to the Scheduled Areas) Act 1996 should be incorporated fully in the state acts on Panchayati Raj. Mishra said that environment in the tribal and forest areas should be protected at all costs. At the same time, degradation of ecology should be stopped. The Supreme Court order regarding compensation and rehabilitation of the victims of conflict should be implemented in Bastar and other areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13060445", "title": "Cops yet to crackdown on vehicles with tinted glass", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Armed with the Supreme Court's verdict against the use of tinted glass in cars, traffic police and transport officials in several cities of the country have started a crackdown against offenders. In Bhubaneswar, however, the order is yet to be implemented. The apex court order came into effect all over the country from May 4.To prevent car crimes, the Supreme Court on April 27 banned the use of tinted glass in vehicles, restricting visions beyond permissible limit as fixed under the Motor Vehicles Act. The SC decree followed a petition seeking complete ban on use of dark films on car windows, including in vehicles used by VVIPs, alleging that many crimes are committed in cars with tinted and reflective windows. The SC, however, made it clear that tinted glass can be used in vehicles of government officials for security purposes and asked the state governments to frame guidelines regarding this.\"We would start the enforcement process soon after studying the Supreme Court order. We will also ask transport officials to conduct crackdown on violators,\" new twin city police commissioner Sunil Roy said.Bhubaneswar DCP Nitinjeet Singh said it would not be a difficult task to enforce the order as the city traffic wing already executed a host of traffic norms quite successfully in the past.The State Commission for Women (SCW) felt the need to stop using tinted glasses in four-wheelers. \"Tinted glasses are being used to evade the eye of police and conceal the miscreants' identity. Police should ban it and people should cooperate,\" SCW chairperson Jyoti Panigrahi said.The Central Motor Vehicle Rules, 1989, say the windscreen and rear windows of vehicles should have a visual light transmission of 70 per cent, and for side windows it should be at least 50 per cent.Even though the Supreme Court order came a few days ago, the regional transport authorities were empowered to take on the offenders much earlier. The transport authorities, however, have since looked the other way.\"We admit that the law existed before. But we were not able to crack the whip on erring vehicle owners due to acute staff shortage,\" said an officer at the regional transport office (RTO), Bhubaneswar.\"The Bhubaneswar RTO has only three inspectors and as many constables to carry out raids. The strength is grossly inadequate to enforce the law,\" he addedd.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13057708", "title": "Bail plea of orphanage owner rejected", "text": "GURGAON: A city court rejected the bail plea of Suparaana Sethi, the owner of an orphanage who was arrested on Saturday for conspiring with the accused in sexually assaulting two girls at the orphanage. Gurgaon police produced evidence before the court suggesting that Sethi was an accomplice in the crime. Cops also said that she was a history sheeter and has been accused of other illegal activities too.The main accused in the case, Rachit alias Raju, was employed by Sethi.According to Gurgaon police, Sethi was running another NGO at a farmhouse built on encroached government land in Asola, Delhi. The district magistrate had ordered demolition of this centre.The police submitted before the court that a case of rape was reported at the Asola farmhouse where unidentified persons had sexually assaulted and illegally confined a married woman from Nagina in Mewat district. An FIR was lodged at Nagina police station in 2011.Rao Bhagat Singh, advocate of the teachers Nisha Yadav and Sunil Kumar - who had exposed the crime - told the court that Sethi was not a social worker based on the evidence produced by police and allegations made by the complainants. \"We are waiting for police to submit challans of both the accused. We will ensure that they are held guilty,\" Singh added.Meanwhile, police claimed that several \"parents\" had approached them to take back the inmates of the orphanage. But the authorities turned down their request. \"We will conduct a background check of their social status before we hand over the children to them,\" said Nisha Saini, probation officer, district child protection society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059872", "title": "Black films removal aggravate skin allergies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Lots of people allergic to UV rays have been thronging skin clinics of the city. Apparently, removal of the black films from the car windows in keeping with the Supreme Court order is only adding to their existing problems. Specialists believe that even an exposure of 10-15 minutes to the rays can aggravate skin allergies.Experts opine that though the normal glass of car windows can filter UV-B spectrum of rays (290-320nm) but its not effective against harmful effects of UV-A (320-400nm). \"Even a 10 -15 minute exposure to UV-A rays for patients of skin allergies, lupus erythematosus, severe polymorphous light eruption, melasma, actinic lichen planus and actinic dermatitis who are commuting by their cars daily for some length of time can aggravate their skin diseases. This has resulted in increase in number of patients with aggravation of symptoms related with UV exposure and the numbers are expected to increase,\" said Dr Vikas Sharma, a dermatologist.With the traffic police strictly enforcing the SC's order to remove tinted window films from car window panes, it has led to patients suffering from skin diseases associated and aggravated due to UV ray exposure in a tight situation. \"Those who have sun sensitivity have to adopt other methods to block UV rays. Wearing cotton garments and application of sunscreen can offer protection,\" said Dr Maleeka Sachdev, another dermatologist.Ordinary windows do not filter UV-A rays, and they are the most harmful in terms of causing skin lesions and pre-cancerous skin lesions. This type of radiation penetrates the skin more deeply. Prolonged exposure to UV-A also causes premature aging of skin. \"Clear glass allows up to 75% of UVA to pass. In majority of cars, the windshield is built of laminated glass that blocks all of UV-B and most of UV-A. However, the side and rear windows are usually made from non-laminated glass and let much of UV-A rays through,\" said Dr Vikas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059757", "title": "House panel to govt: Punish those guilty of approving Letrozole", "text": "NEW DELHI: Officials in Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) seem to have \"colluded with private interests\" to get the controversial drug Letrozole approved in India \"in a clear violation of laws\" for use against infertility.Now, the parliamentary standing committee on health and family welfare has asked the Union health ministry to take action against those who were involved.Though globally the drug is used for treatment of breast cancer, in India it was being administered to young infertile women to help them conceive.The drug's side-effects are believed to have led to severe genetic abnormalities among babies born to infertile women.Though its use for infertility was banned recently, the standing committee in a scathing report submitted on Tuesday said, \"It is a gross violation of laws by the CDSCO. First, in approving the drug for use in case of female infertility. And, thereafter in exhibiting overt resistance in taking timely corrective steps favouring suspension of use of the drug for infertility.\"The panel, headed by Brajesh Pathak, says Letrozole, discovered by Novartis , is an anti-cancer drug for use only in postmenopausal women and is contraindicated (not permitted) to be used in women of reproductive age.If it is to be used for any other indication except breast cancer, the drug is categorized as a New Drug under Indian laws. On April 10, 2007, the Drug Controller General of India approved the use of Letrozole for improving female fertility.The committee said that the drugs and cosmetic rules require that while approving a drug for use in females of reproductive age, animal studies are to be done in this specific group. Its report said, \"No such studies were done in India. The innovator also did not conduct such studies abroad because there was no plan to use Letrozole in women of reproductive age.\"\"Under Indian rules, Phase II studies should have been conducted before Phase III since such studies were not conducted anywhere. Permission to conduct Phase III studies was given without prior Phase II studies. Phase III clinical trial was conducted on just 55 women by three doctors in private practice while the minimum requirement as per mandatory good clinical practice (GCP) rules is at least 100,\" it added.The committee said that after the approval, the sponsor Sun Pharmaceuticals did not submit periodic post-marketing periodic safety update reports (PSURs), or monitoring the safety of a drug or device after it has been released in the market to look for serious side-effects due every six months as required by law.\"No action was taken against the company in such a sensitive case since India is the only country where the drug was permitted to be used for female infertility. Post-marketing data is crucial and critical in detecting adverse effects both in women and babies born to them if they use Letrozole before the onset of pregnancy. Clearly, there was a serious lapse on the part of CDSCO. In the wake of media outcry, in a diversionary move, the DCGI instead of investigating the allegations of regulatory lapse and taking corrective measures referred the matter to clinical experts and the Drug Technical Advisory Board on the restricted issue of safety and efficacy,\" it added.The committee also took strong exception to CDSCO's soft corner for \"experts\" from Delhi. An investigation by the Standing Committee has found that in case of majority of decisions that called for a ban on a drug, the experts were all from Delhi.For example, Rimonabant was referred to a committee of six experts - all from Delhi - Levonorgestreol (four out of five from Delhi), Letrozole (four out of 5 experts from Delhi), Sibutramine (all five from Delhi), Rosiglitazole (all five from Delhi).A review of membership of the CDSCO and the Drug Technical Advisory Board committees show that one expert sat in five of the six committees.The ppanel asked, \"Is expertise on drugs confined to experts from Delhi?\" It added \"with some 330 teaching medical colleges in the country, there are adequate number of knowledgeable medical experts with experience who can be requested to give their opinion on the safety and efficacy of drugs.\"Dr Chandra M Gulhati, editor of Monthly Index of Medical Specialties, India, a journal on drugs, said Letrozole had a Rs-37 crore market in India, which is growing at 35% annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13058806", "title": "'Upgrade Margao's women and child protection cell'", "text": "MARGAO: Bailancho Ekvott (BE), a women's NGO, in a letter to the chief minister demanded the upgradation of the women and child protection cell at the South Goa district headquarters of the state police at Margao.BE president Auda Viegas pointed out to the chief minister that the cell has been functioning for a long time with just one lady police officer , \"who has an overload of cases, that it is physically and otherwise just impossible for her to manage the cell singlehandedly\".\"The day-to-day redressal work that turns up here is from the entire South Goa. In order to make this place one where women feel free to seek redressal of their issues, I request you to upgrade this cell with the required staff under a capable and sensitized woman officer on the lines of the one functioning at Panaji,\" the letter adds. Viegas has suggested that the cell be headed by a lady police inspector assisted by a lady PSI and also include trained counsellors.The women and child protection cell is tasked with looking into all crimes against women, in addition to crimes against children under the Juvenile Justice Act 2000. Besides acting as an anti-trafficking cell for the district, the women and child protection cell maintains intelligence on traffickers and coordinates raid and rescue operations with the assistance of the local police station and NGOs.Pointing out that reports of cases pertaining to dowry deaths, kidnapping for rape, misappropriation of Shreedhan, domestic violence, etc have to be forwarded to the women protection officer as per provisions contained in the Indian Penal Code, Viegas stressed on the need to sensitize the staff of the women and child protection cell to the laws meant for the protection of women.Copies of the letter have also been sent to the chief secretary, the DGP and the IGP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13057906", "title": "Empty stands put Chepauk in a spot", "text": "CHENNAI: Cricket administrators are toying with the possibility of shifting the eliminator and the final of IPL 5 out of the city owing to a lack of clearance for three stands at Chepauk. The Tamil Nadu Cricket Association (TNCA) has been unable to get environmental clearance for the three new stands which can seat about 12,000 people despite construction ending over a year ago.According to sources, sections of the BCCI are under pressure from the broadcaster, Sony Max, given the fact that a part of the stadium will appear empty during the two high-profile games if they are held at Chepauk as per schedule. If the environmental clearance to open the stands does not come through, BCCI also stands to lose Rs 1.5 crore in gate money. The proceeds of the gate sales of the eliminator and the final go to the players' benevolent fund.The TNCA, on their part, said the matches are definitely on, with or without the new stands. \"The online booking of tickets has already started and we will host the match. There's no question of the matches moving out,\" a senior TNCA official said.Chennai is scheduled to host the eliminator on May 25 and the final on May 27.The stands have been closed for the public since the Champions League in October 2011. The apex planning agency, Chennai Metropolitan Development Authority (CMDA), is insistent on an environmental impact assessment clearance which the TNCA would have to acquire from the Union environment ministry. According to a CMDA source, the stands can be opened for public only after they verify the ministry's clearance and instruct the city's civic corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059484", "title": "2 sacked for corruption", "text": "PATNA: Continuing its crusade against corruption, Bihar government on Tuesday sacked two senior officers after they were found guilty of committing financial irregularities and embezzlement of government fund in separate inquiries.While Dr Yogendra Prasad Yadav, the then in-charge medical officer, Leprosy Control Unit, Rupauli in Purnia district, was dismissed from service, Pradip Kumar Jha, the then jail superintendent, Katihar district prison, was given compulsory retirement by the home (prison) department.Jha, a senior officer of Bihar Prison Service, as the drawing and disbursing officer in his capacity as the jail superintendent at Katihar, failed to check embezzlement of Rs 9.34 lakh by other employees, the cabinet coordination department's principal Secretary Ravikant said on Tuesday. The inquiry report didn't rule out the involvement of Jha in the embezzlement, he said. The cabinet on Tuesday approved a proposal of the home department to send Jha on compulsory retirement.The state cabinet also approved a proposal of the health department to dismiss Dr Yadav, currently posted as medical officer, primary health centre, Sadar block, Katihar. He was found guilty of committing financial irregularities while posted at the Leprosy Control Unit, Rupauli, Ravikant said.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059492", "title": "Gorai killing: Woman, pals held for killing stockbroker", "text": "MUMBAI: The crime branch has arrested three persons, including a 20-year-old woman, for killing a man and dumping his body near Gorai beach on Sunday. The woman told cops that the deceased had sexually assaulted her for over one-and-a-half-years for which she killed him.The police found the body of Ramesh Dedhia, owner of playing card club, at Gorai beach on Sunday. The woman's identity has not been revealed. The other two arrested were her boyfriend, Mohsin Shaikh (25), and his friend, Deepak Bhosale.The woman said she had been staying with Dedhia for the last two years. Dedhia's wife is her aunt. Crime branch's unit in-charge, S Dalvi, said the woman, Shaikh and Bhosale had gone to Manori when Dedhia wanted to meet her. The trio, who had planned to kill Dedhia, then committed the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059100", "title": "Priyatam college students protest against mismanagement", "text": "INDORE: Dissatisfied with the college management, unqualified faculty and lack of training equipment, hundreds of students staged a protest at Priyatam Institute of Technology and Management on Tuesday. The students alleged that the college was not following the guidelines of All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) and despite repeated complaints, the college management was giving cold shoulder to the problems of the students.Students along with the union leaders first tried meeting the college authorities. But when the authorities refused to meet them, they started shouting and began their protest in rain. They also did not allow the college buses to ply. Later, the college authorities had to call the police to pacify the students' anger.\"We have given seven days' time to the college authorities and submitted memorandum to remove unqualified teachers and improve canteen facilities,\" said Rameez Khan, a NSUI leader.\"In case our demands are not met, we will take our protest on the streets, \"he added.The director of Priyatam Institute of Technology and Management, Ram Shrivastava however termed the allegations baseless.\"The protest is being instigated by outsiders,\" he added.Students alleged that the college authorities were charging heavy fees but not providing quality education. One of the students said, \"There are no equipment in labs of civil and mechanical engineering branches and even the softwares required for training are not installed on computers. The authorities also blackmail us in the name of marks. Another student alleged that the college authorities took money from some students for a tour to Malaysia but later backtracked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059714", "title": "Iran a key country for India\u2019s energy needs: SM Krishna", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to American demands on reducing oil imports from Iran, India on Tuesday pushed back, saying Iran was \"a key country\" for India's energy needs.Responding to questions at a joint press interaction with US secretary of state Hillary Clinton, foreign minister SM Krishna said, \"We have to look at the Iran issue beyond the issue of energy trade. In the first place, we have to think about the security and stability in the Gulf region. India has vital stakes in the Gulf region. Six million Indians live and work in the Gulf region and beyond. It is one of the critical destinations of our external trade -- over $100 billion in exports, and over 60% of oil imports, and a major source of remittances.\"After the public harangue of India on its oil imports from Iran, the actual conversation between US and India covered a far broader canvas. At the heart of the discussions between Clinton and the Indian leadership was the broader geopolitical question on Iran, and its nuclear programme. Both India and US said they hoped for a breakthrough in the forthcoming nuclear talks in Baghdad.Oil prices have eased globally, because of the drop in demand from Europe and an impending Greek crisis. This will substantially help both the US to push other countries to cut oil imports from Iran as well as make it easier for India to source oil from other suppliers at short notice or even on the spot market.A greater danger to the US, according to Indian officials, comes from the recent announcement that China is paying for a lot of Iranian oil in renminbi. Media reports speculate that sustained US sanctions may actually help in legitimizing the Chinese renminbi as an alternative to the dollar. India pays for 45% of its oil imports from Iran in rupees. Iran is expected to use both Chinese and Indian currencies to buy things from these countries.Specifically on the oil imports, Krishna said, \"Iran remains an important source of oil for us, although its share in our imports are declining which is well-known. Ultimately, it reflects the decision that refineries make based on commercial, financial and technical considerations. We have discussed our position and our perspectives on energy security, and these discussions will continue. As far as India is concerned, we subscribe to and rigorously implement the UN Security Council Resolutions. This issue, however, is not a source of discord between our two countries.\"Krishna also flagged other issues of concern to India. \"There are issues on both sides. I did convey our concerns about the continuing difficulties on mobility of professionals, especially for our IT companies, and protectionist sentiments in the US with regard to global supply chain in services industry.\"Afghanistan figured prominently in the talks, an issue where there is enormous convergence between US and India. Afghanistan has signed two independent strategic partnership agreements with US and India. Giving a strong thumbs-up to the US-Afghan agreement, Krishna said, \"Afghanistan is at a crucial juncture as it begins to assume greater responsibility for the governance, development and security. The most important signal that the international community has to give is a strong, sustained commitment to Afghanistan. With that, I am confident that Afghanistan will become a sovereign, independent, united and economically viable state capable of defeating terrorism, and resisting interference from outside. We see the US-Afghanistan Strategic Partnership Agreement in that spirit.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "13060220", "title": "Patiala land scam: IAS officer, 5 others suspended", "text": "PATIALA: The Punjab government on Tuesday suspended IAS officer Vikas Garg and five officials of the revenue department for alleged irregularities in sale of government land in Patiala. The government has also ordered a vigilance probe into the scam.During his stint as Patiala deputy commissioner, Garg allegedly allowed sale of 6,000 sq yards of government land by declaring it private. Irregularities were detected in the registration of two sale deeds on October 14, 2011, a government spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059407", "title": "FIR against SP MLA for threatening outpost in charge", "text": "VARANASI: A case under sections 504, 506, 186 and 189 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) has been registered against Samajwadi Party MLA from Handia assembly seat, Mahesh Narayan Singh with Handia police station on Tuesday. Saidabad police outpost in-charge, Harbansh Yadav in his FIR lodged with Handia police station against Samajwadi Party MLA, alleged that he had threatened him of dire consequences when he refused to follow the MLA's orders. The sub-inspector also claimed that he had recorded the threat in the general diary of the police station. \"Do what I say or I will come to your police outpost and will beat you with my shoes,\" reads an entry in the general diary (GD) of the Saidabad police outpost of the Handia police station of Allahabad district.The call was made by sitting Samajwadi Party MLA Mahesh Narayan Singh to the outpost in-charge Harivansh Yadav on May 5, 2012.Without mentioning the favour asked by the MLA, Yadav also mentioned all the details in the GD. \"Date - 5/5/12, Time 10:49 a.m. - I received a call on my mobile number 9452122978 from 8765454957. After receiving the call, the caller introduced himself as MLA Handia. I wished him and his reply was 'You know why you have been brought to Handia? Do what I tell you otherwise, I will thrash you with my shoes'.\"When contacted, Sageer Ahmed, circle officer, Handia, told TOI that police have started investigations into the case after registering the FIR. He also added that the sub-inspector had registered the threat in the general diary of the police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060318", "title": "IG sent to judicial custody till May 17", "text": "COIMBATORE: Inspector General of Police (IGP) Pramod Kumar has been sent to judicial custody till May 17 in connection with accepting a bribe of Rs 2.85 core for not taking action against three directors of Paazee forex trading firm in Tirupur. He has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison on Tuesday evening after five days in CBI custody.On Tuesday around 10.30 am, Pramod Kumar was taken to Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) for a health checkup. He had blood pressure and his ECG was abnormal. He was then taken to circuit house at Race Course. After interrogation he was produced before CBI court here at 3.10pm. Judge V Ramasamy ordered that Pramod Kumar should be lodged in prison till May 17 under judicial custody. The bail petition for Pramod Kumar was heard in court on Tuesday. CBI sleuths requested for one more day to file the counter petition following which the court announced that the bail petition would be heard on Wednesday.Meanwhile, Patna High Court senior advocate and Pramod Kumar's friend Sandeep Kumar had filed three petitions on behalf of Pramod Kumar on Tuesday. In the first, he demanded the court send Pramod Kumar to Puzhal Prison. He said that many accused whom Pramod Kumar had arrested during his tenure were lodged in Coimbatore central prison and they might attack him. But the petition was dismissed by the court.In the second petition he stated that Pramod Kumar's health condition was not good. So, his client be sent to a private hospital. However, the court instructed prison hospital doctors to take care of the IGP. The third petition claimed that the court should grant his client A class facilities. But the court has decided to forward the petition to jail authorities who will make the decision.Meanwhile, a petition was filed with the CBI court by Paazee Forex Trading Firm, requesting the court not to grant bail to Pramod Kumar. The petition was filed on behalf of K Mohanraj, director of the firm in Tirupur by senior lawyer C Gnanabharathi on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059420", "title": "Abolish haj subsidy in 10 years: Supreme Court to government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Union government to gradually reduce and abolish haj subsidy in 10 years and invest the amount - averaging over Rs 650 crore a year for last five years - in education and other measures for social development of the minority community.\"We direct the Central government to progressively reduce the amount of subsidy so as to completely eliminate it within a period of 10 years from today,\" said a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai in an order that reflected a resolve which successive governments had failed to muster in the last 60 years. That the apex court had earlier upheld the constitutional validity of Haj subsidy only adds to the significance of the order.\"The subsidy money may be more profitably used for uplift of the community in education and other indices of social development,\" said Justice Alam, who wrote the order. The court said it has no authority to speak on the minority community's behalf and that it would be presumptuous to tell the Muslims what was a good or bad religious practice even though it cited Quran to say that haj pilgrimage was mandatory only for those who could afford the expenses for travelling, food and accommodation.\"We have no doubt that a very large majority of Muslims applying to the haj committee for going to Haj would not be aware of the economics of their pilgrimage and of all the facts are made known a good many of the pilgrims would not be very comfortable in the knowledge that their haj is funded to a substantial extent by the government,\" the bench said while reminding the community about Holy Quran's verse 97 in Surah 3, Al-e-Imran, which mandated that Muslims should undertake haj only if they could afford it.The court said it was aware that in many other purely religious events there were direct and indirect deployment of state funds and resources. \"Nevertheless, we are of the view that haj subsidy is something that is best done away with,\" the bench of Justices Alam and Desai said.BJP and other Hindutva outfits had traditionally attacked haj subsidy on grounds that it was contrary to the principle of secularism and marked an appeasement of the minority community, before they sought to turn it into justification for subsidy for Hindu pilgrimages.The apex court also objected to the jumbo size Prime Minister's goodwill delegation that visits Saudi Arabia every year at the government's expense. \"The present practice of sending goodwill haj delegation must come to a stop,\" the bench said.It asked the government to choose a maximum 10 among the haj pilgrims who were in Saudi Arabia on their own expenses. They could coordinate with the Indian envoy there for conveying goodwill of Indians to Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, it said.\"We fully appreciate the idea of the people of India extending their goodwill to the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia on the auspicious occasion of Haj but we completely fail to see how even that purpose can be served by sending such a large, unwieldy, amorphous and randomly selected delegation,\" the bench said.The size of the delegation was only three between 1967 and 1973, after which it remained 10 till 1987. Subsequently, the delegation picked up flab and became 31 in 1997, 36 (2005), 30 (2010) and 27 (2011).The court also wanted to examine why the government kept a quota of 11,000 haj pilgrims for itself of which over 3,000 were chosen on recommendation of VVIPs. It wanted to know how the special quota of 11,000 haj pilgrims were allocated for this year, and also the details of procedure adopted by Haj Committee of India (HCOI) in distributing 1.25 lakh haj quota among pilgrims.dhananjay.mahapatra@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059523", "title": "Non-teaching staff go on 4-day strike", "text": "PATNA: More than 30,000 non-teaching staff of all the universities and colleges in the state went on a four-day strike on Tuesday to lodge their protest against the state government's reported failure to fulfill its commitments. The call for the strike has been given by the Bihar State University and College Employees' Federation.Federation sources claimed that the strike was a success throughout the state, paralyzing all academic activities and examination works in different institutions. The campuses wore a deserted look as these employees abstained from their duties.Federation president Ganga Prasad Jha, secretary Braj Kishore Singh and treasurer Rohit Kumar said that owing to anomalies in the Fifth Pay Revision, most employees were getting half of their salaries. Besides, in the Sixth Pay Revision, they have been denied the benefit of assured career promotion scheme. The age of superannuation of non-teaching staff has not been enhanced to 65 years while the teachers have been given this benefit.They further pointed out that despite their repeated requests the government has prescribed two separate scales for the university and college staff. The government is unnecessarily dragging the poor employees to court for settlement of even their genuine demands, they alleged.They urged the chief minister to expedite early settlement of their demands with a view to restoring academic normalcy in the state.Teacher assaulted: A Sanskrit teacher, appointed on ad hoc basis in Patna College, Amit Kumar, who was on invigilation duty, was assaulted by a group of outsiders inside the college premises on Tuesday following a scuffle between the teacher and a non-teaching staff. The non-teaching staff also boycotted the examination duty in protest against the assault on the college staff. Both the employee and the teacher have lodged separate FIR with the Pirbahore police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13058311", "title": "'How can I give Sachin advice?'", "text": "PUNE: A silent observer off-field, 'The Wall' as Rahul Dravid is referred to, was in a rather chilled-out mood on Monday. Sporting a blue t-shirt with denims, the cricketer played it cool when we quizzed him about cricket, his retirement and his Pune connection. He maybe retiring from Indian cricket, but he's been Mr Dependable for his team through the IPL. \"I won't be there for the next India match, but there are a lot of talented players to look out for,\" he says.In the IPL, cricket and entertainment come together on one field. His thoughts? He smiles, \"The intensity of cricket through the 40 overs is what defines IPL for me. Yes, the hype, marketing and glamour are prominent at such events, but it's the game that holds maximum attention.\" He further adds, \"If you notice, the matches so far have gripped the audiences and the crowds have shown how much the game means to them. It's incredible.\"Coming back to Pune is like coming back home for Dravid. The city holds a special place in his life as he played his first match here. \"In 1991, I played my first match in Pune. Plus, my uncle lives here. It feels good coming back to the city.\"He's a man of few words who lets his skills do the talking on the field. He's happy with the way Team Rajasthan has fared in the matches so far. Which team has a strong chance of winning, we ask him.He says, \"It may sound cliched but everyone is here to win and as you must have seen, every team is putting up a good show. Yes, we (Team Rajasthan) have had a few matches that were not in our favour, but we are capable of doing well.\" When asked if has any advice for fellow cricketer Sachin Tendulkar, he immediately retorts, \"How can I give Sachin advice?\" We wonder if it's cricket or the Rajya Sabha that he is referring to.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore/patna", "code": "13060056", "title": "Stadium blast suspect's arrest in Bihar irks Nitish", "text": "BANGALORE/PATNA: Bangalore police commissioner BG Jyothiprakash Mirji on Tuesday said probe showed that Mohammed Kafeel Akthar, a teacher arrested from Bihar's Darbhanga district, is deeply influenced by the jihadi culture. According to sources in the police department, Kafeel passed on a mobile handset with sim to terror mastermind Yasin Bhatkal, who made calls to Pakistan and Dubai , among other nations.The arrest set off sparks between Bihar and Karnataka. Bihar chief minister Nitish Kumar said Karnataka cops didn't inform their Bihar counterparts about the arrest, which he called a clear violation of the established practice. This was contested by Bangalore cops, who said they had kept the local police officers in the loop.The Bihar DGP lodged a strong protest with his Karnataka counterpart. The Bihar chief minister said he has sought a report from the Darbhanga SP. Based on that, he will file a formal protest with both Karnataka government and the Centre.A news agency report quoted Darbhanga SP Garima Malik as saying that she learnt about the arrest from the suspect's family. Bangalore police dismissed Nitish's remarks as a political gimmick. \"We informed the Bihar police and produced him before a court in Ranchi, the nearest available to us,\" a senior city police officer said. Joint police commissioner (crime-east ) B Dayananda said, \"We obtained a transit warrant to bring him to Bangalore . We sought the cooperation of Bihar police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "13056770", "title": "Police fail to confirm presence of Maoists in Nilambur forests", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The joint team of police and forest officials, which combed the Nilambur forest region on Monday and Tuesday following reports that Maoists were present in state's forests, returned to its base without being able to confirm the presence of communist ultras in the region.The operation had started from Vazhikadavu and Karulai forest regions.On Wednesday, senior officials of police and forest departments will hold a special meeting to review the information collected during the combing operation.A joint team of senior officials will comb the same region next week.The forest and police departments have already formed a strong communication network with the tribals in the region and tribals have been helping in the combing operations.In a similar exercise last May, Kerala police, forest department officials and Tamil Nadu police combed the forest regions of Nilambur and Gudallur.Last July too the department officials searched the Nilambur forest region following media reports that Maoists were present there.According to a report, the continuous failure of the government-sponsored schemes in tribal regions had helped the Maoists in scaling up their activities in Nilambur region.The findings of the police team which investigated the case related to the arrest of two Maoist operatives from Nilambur in 2010, had underscored the fact that Maoists, who are planning to extend their activities to more parts south India including Kerala, are widely exploiting the poor living conditions of the tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060336", "title": "Over 3Lakh students to appear for Maharashtra Health Sciences and Engineering Common Entrance Test tomorrow", "text": "PUNE: Over 3.38 lakh students are expected to appear for the Maharashtra Health Sciences and Engineering Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET, 2012) to be held on May 10.The MHT-CET, 2012 is a single common entrance test for professional courses such as health sciences engineering and pharmacy degree courses. As many as 3,905 seats in 60 colleges for health science, 13,40,24 seats in 348 colleges for engineering and 9,440 seats in 148 colleges for pharmacy courses are available for this entrance examination.A statement issued by the Directorate of Medical Education and Research and the Directorate of Technical Education, Mumbai, on Tuesday said that the examination will be conducted at 867 junior colleges/schools in all the 35 district headquarters in the state.The scheduled timings for the examination are 10 to 11:30 am for physics and chemistry, 12 to 1:30 pm for biology and 3 to 4:30 pm for mathematics.Since May 10 is a working weekday, students, especially those from Mumbai, have been directed to start one to two hours early from their residence to reach the exam centre by the scheduled time.For Paper I (physics and chemistry), the candidates will be permitted to enter the examination centre at 9:15 am, while for Paper III, they will be allowed to enter at 2:15 pm. The statement added that the candidates are directed to remain present at the examination centre an hour prior to the scheduled time of the exam.The statement said that admit cards have been made available to the candidates through their respective junior colleges. Candidates from outside Maharashtra will get these cards from the divisional authority's office where their application forms had been submitted earlier. Those who have lost their admit cards have been asked to approach the resident deputy collector's office for a duplicate one.The statement said that the exam was common for health science, engineering and pharmacy degree courses; candidates aspiring for selection to health science courses will take the physics, chemistry and biology papers, while those aspiring for engineering courses will appear for physics, chemistry and mathematics papers. Provision has also been made for candidates who want to take admission in both, health science and engineering courses.Instructions have already been issued for police bandobast at all the examination centres. Section 144 will be promulgated within 100 m of the examination centre.As many as 55,55,3 candidates are appearing for health science courses alone, 11,99,06 for engineering, and 1,62,847 for both courses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058419", "title": "NSUI members protest against Gujarat University dean", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Student leaders of the NSUI staged a demonstration at the Gujarat University on Tuesday. They were protesting against dean of commerce faculty N D Shah. The NSUI members also submitted a memorandum to the GU authorities, demanding Shah's resignation.Shah has been accused of irregularity while preparing a question paper on statistics subject for third-year BCom students. \"After the question paper was given to students, some examinees pointed out that it was an exact copy of a question that was given in some preparatory papers published by private publications. Interestingly, Shah has also authored a similar booklet for the same publication,\" said an NSUI leader. tnnFollowing this controversy, GU authorities have initiated an inquiry into the matter. On Tuesday, NSUI members wanted to impress upon the GU officials to keep Shah away from academic activities. The student leaders were carrying a bag full of duplicate notes to point at alleged malpractice by Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062325", "title": "Google doodle celebrates archaeologist Howard Carter's birth anniversary", "text": "Wondering what the Doodle on Google's search page today is all about? The doodle celebrates 138th birth anniversary of noted English archaeologist Howard Carter .Born in London on May 9, 1874, Carter is known for the discovery of the tomb of 14th-century pharaoh Tutankhamun. Today's doodle seemingly shows Carter standing amongst the artifacts excavated from the tomb of Tutankhamun admiring his work.In 1891, at the age of 17, Carter headed to Egypt to work with Egypt Exploration Fund to assist in the excavation of Middle Kingdom tombs.After working under several achaelogists for the next eight years, Carter was appointed as the first chief inspector of the Egyptian Antiquities Service (EAS) in 1899. During this time, he was noticed by a rich English aristocrat Lord Carnarvon who asked Carter to supervise his excavations.In 1914, Carnarvon received a license to dig at the site which was believed to be the place where the King Tutankhamun was put to rest. The boy king 'Tutankhamun' is regarded as the most famous of Egyptian pharaohs. He died in his teens and remained a mystery for years until his tomb was discovered.After months of digging, Carter's excavation group found the steps leading to Tutankhamun's tomb in November 1922. Tutankhamun's tomb was by far the most intact of all the tombs that were excavated. The artifacts found inside were well-preserved including the Tutankhamun's mummy. The discovery of the tomb sparked an interest in ancient Egypt and Egyptology around the world.In his later years, Carter returned to London and worked as a collector for various museums. During this period he also toured United States, giving lectures on Egypt and King Tut.Carter died of lymphoma, a type of cancer, in March 1939 at the age of 64.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13058948", "title": "MPHC to hear PIL against constitutionality of RTI provisions on May 11", "text": "BHOPAL: A Public Interest Litigation (PIL) challenging the constitutionality of certain provisions of the Right to Information (RTI) Act 2005 with respect to the appointment of chief information commission (CIC) and information commissioners is expected to come up for motion hearing on May 11 in the Madhya Pradesh High Court.Filed by a retired director general of police Arun Gurtoo and RTI activist Ajay Dubey, the PIL sought to declare section 15 (3) and 15 (5) of the RTI Act 2005 with respect to appointment of CIC and Information commissioners of Madhya Pradesh Information Commission as violation of constitutional provisions and hence liable to be struck down as ultra vires of the constitution.The RTI Act's section 15 (3) empowers a committee, headed by chief minister and comprising the leader of the opposition and a cabinet minister to be nominated by the chief minister, to recommend selection of state CIC and information commissioners. Section 15 (5) mention that the state chief information commissioner and the state information commissioners shall be persons of eminence in public life with wide knowledge and experience in law, science and technology, social service, management, journalism, mass media or administration and governance.In their petition, Arun Gurtoo and Ajay Dubey, sought a direction to the centre and the state governments and others for proceeding ahead with the appointment process to the post of CIC and commissioners of Madhya Pradesh information commission only after issuance of a public advertisement inviting applications from all concerned.The PIL also prayed for interim orders for staying the on-going process for appointment of CIC and commissioners to the state information commission till the final outcome of the petition.The PIL sought to raise multiple issues of constitutional importance relating to the appointments of CIC and commissioners, pointing out that appointment to the vacant posts by the state government cannot be effected without any public notice, advertisement or any transparent open process for selection.Pointing out that the nature and functions of CIC and information commissioners are \"judicial functions\" with respect to the powers, functions and duties conferred on them by the RTI Act, the PIL contended that the existing procedure of appointment violated the basic structure of the constitution and empowering a three member committee for selection of CIC and commissioners is unconstitutional. The PIL also submitted that the eligibility criteria stipulated in the Act is extremely vague, open-ended and without any protective guidelines so as to make the appointments purely judicial in nature with the involvement of high court or Supreme Court in the process.The post of chief information commissioner and nine information commissioners are laying vacant in Madhya Pradesh. Earlier, RTI activists had written to the governor, chief minister and others, demanding that a transparent process should be laid down for the selection and appointment of CIC and Information commissioners.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058694", "title": "NGO meets CM, wants law to snuff out casinos", "text": "PANAJI: Members of the Aam Aurat Admi Against Gambling (AAAAG) on Tuesday met chief minister Manohar Parrikar demanding legislation to stop casinos in the state at the earliest.Speaking to mediapersons after meeting the chief minister outside his official residence and handing over a memorandum to him, AAAAG convener Sabina Martins said that all the amendments made to the Goa Gambling Prevention Act of 1976 to permit casinos offshore and in hotels (onshore) should be repealed.\"The annual licences given to the casinos should not be renewed. No new casinos should be permitted. No new vessels or premises for casinos should be permitted under the licences held by the casino establishments,\" the organization demanded in its memorandum to Parrikar.The organization also demanded that no casinos should be allowed to operate in residential neighbourhoods and within 100m of any worship/educational institutions. AAAAG also said that in the interim period of phasing out the casinos, the licence fees should be reverted back to 2000.\"The reduction of the licence fees to 500 has increased the number of people going to the casinos, which will lead to more addiction, crimes, economic destitution and social problems,\" the AAAAG has stated in the memorandum.AAAAG has also demanded that regulations should be in place to check the casinos until they are asked to go.Another demand was that advertisements of casinos should stop. The Goa Gambling Prevention Act prohibits advertisement. All addictive substances like alcohol and tobacco have explicit laws prohibiting advertisements. These laws should be made more watertight so as to plug loopholes, the NGO has stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058618", "title": "Ministerial berth for Saldanha after bypoll results: Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha will have to wait till she gets elected as a member of the legislative assembly before she gets a cabinet berth. Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Tuesday said he has decided to defer Saldanha's induction in the council of minister till after the model code of conduct ends.Speaking to media persons, Parrikar said, \"Keeping in view the spirit of the code and the high respect I have for the election commission of India (ECI), I have decided not to swear in any minister till the election code is over. I feel I should reciprocate by keeping the high values of democratic principles and hence I have decided not to swear in any ministers till the results are out.\"He added that he had consulted Saldanha on the issue and that she too was of the opinion of deferring the induction. \"I never intended to go ahead with the induction if they (ECI) conceded the point that it is my right (to induct the minister) and I fought for my right,\" Parrikar said.ECI in its advisory on Monday admitted that under the Indian Constitution power to induct a minister vests with the chief minister, but said that exercise of such power at this stage is also a violation of the model code of conduct which is already in force. \"As such induction may be deferred till the model code of conduct is over,\" ECI advised. The advisory was issued to ensure that a level playing field is maintained at the polls in keeping the spirit of the code.Parrikar said the issue should be properly debated and that this is the right time for the election code to be converted into a law. He said no code, and for that matter no law, is above the Constitution as all laws and codes emerge from various articles of the Constitution. \"The constitution is supreme and that was the point I was trying to make,\" Parrikar said.He added that the people of Goa had given him a position earmarked in the Constitution with certain powers and that he cannot surrender those powers to any authority other than those listed in the Constitution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059262", "title": "Little masters play with colourful strokes", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Kerala Sasthra Sahitya Parishath here organized a painting competition and a mass painting programme for children as part of its 49th state conference to be held on May 11.Around 50 children participated in the painting competition that was held at the Museum grounds. The children, with their chart papers and painting paraphernalia, dabbled with colours for over two-and-a-half hours on the green lawns of the museum premises.The themes were different for various age groups. The students of lower primary division were allowed to paint whatever they wanted. The upper primary students were asked to paint on the theme 'Pollution-free Kerala'. The high school students were asked to paint on 'Venam mattoru Keralam' (We need another Kerala).\"The idea is to make children think about issues like pollution, corruption and anti-social activities that dog our city and our state,\" said KSSP district president K V Kamal.Meanwhile at Statue, a canvas was spread against the secretariat's outer wall for a mass painting on the theme 'Venam Mattoru Keralam'. Sculptor Kanayi Kunhiraman inaugurated the mass canvas painting with the message of peace.Artists like Karakkamandapam Vijayakumar, Vijayan Neyyattinkara, Sunny Kidakuzhy participated in the programme.Passersby were seen stopping by either to stare or try their hand on the canvas with their share of brushstrokes. \"I was just passing by and thought I would just stop for my kids. They like to paint. I thought I will do something too,\" said Lekshmi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13060394", "title": "Keonjhar salutes forgotten leader's spirit", "text": "KEONJHAR: The name of Dharanidhar Naik may have been lost in the crumbling pages of history, but in the hearts of the people, the saga of the tribal leader continues to thrive. Bhuyan tribals of Keonjhar district recently celebrated Dharani Jayanti, remembering the heroics of the tribal leader who fought against Indian rulers backed by the British, to protect the life and dignity of the tribal community of the region.Naik was born on May 5, 1864, at a remote tribal village, Kusumita, about 30 km from keonjhar. Every year his birthday is observed by the locals as Dharanidhara Jayanti.Dharani completed his primary schooling at Kusumita. Then he went to Keonjhar for higher study. Later, he went to Cuttack with financial support from the local king to learn surveyor's job. He subsequently joined the Keonjhar state secretariat as a survey overseer. Soon he became a popular man in the secretariat, thanks to his dedication and hard work.With fame came adversities. Some non-tribal employees of the secretariat, including assistant dewan Bichitrananda Das, became jealous of his rise in popularity. They started conspiring against him and tried to defame him before the king.The king had appointed Dharani to settle a order dispute between Keonjhar and Singhbhoom states. Meanwhile, his enemies incited the king against him. Dharani lost his job and joined the Mayurbhanj state secretariat. After about four years, he returned to village Kusumita.During this time, the king and the bureaucrats of Keonjhar had been exploiting tribals by engaging them in hard work without paying anything. They were asked to build a dam on Sanamachhakanda river to divert water to the king's palace and Keonjhar town. Those who protested were sent to the gallows. As the tribals protested, Dharani came to the forefront and led a revolt against the king. He garnered support and started a guerilla war against the King to protect their land and community from the exploitation of King. This is known as 'Dhrani Meli' in local history.Dharani, however, lost the fight and was sent to Cuttack jail by the court. After coming out of jail, he did not return to Keonjhar. He lived in a cottage near the palace of the Aul king till his death. Though the exact date of his demise is not confirmed, historians say he died on May 16, 1914.\"It is unfortunate that no one today studies the life and times of Dharani. We don't even have a photo of the great leader,\" said Ramakrushna Mohapatra, a writer from Keonjhar.\"The Bhuyan community in Keonjhar district is still living in extreme poverty and is yet to get the 'primitive tribal group' status like the 'Juanga' tribals. Hence their socio-economic condition has not developed. Besides, special projects for their development could not be undertaken,\" Duskar Barik, an activist working for tribals in Keonjhar, said.On Saturday, the function to celebrate the 148th birth anniversary of the tribal fighter was organized by the district administration and Bhuyan Sanskrutika Sangathan. Keonjhar MP Yashobant Narayan Singh Laguri, several MLAs, educationist Chitta Mishra spoke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058647", "title": "Students of Class 6 to get community certificates", "text": "CHENNAI: Students from Class 6 will now be issued community, income and nativity certificates in the coming academic year, chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced on Tuesday.\"This will benefit nearly 12 lakh children,\" she told the assembly. At present, Class 10 students can avail these certificates. Out of 9,85,510 students studying in Class 10, 4,45,787 students have already obtained the certificates. Out of the remaining 5,39,723 students, 5,36,431 students have been issued with certificates in their schools.Jayalalithaa also announced the setting up of a disaster management training centre in Kancheepuram at a cost of Rs 10 crore to train officials of revenue, agriculture, highways and rural development departments. This has been set up with a view to ensure speedy disposal of services to people during natural calamities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059800", "title": "Panjab University to have more drop-boxes for student grievances", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Simplifying the process of taking students' grievances and gearing up for an anti-ragging drive in the new academic session, Panjab University is all set to install drop boxes for anonymous students' complaints. Triggered by an incident where a mess contractor was found in an inebriated state in boys' hostel number 8 during a surprise inspection on a complaint by students recently, all PU hostels will now have such drop boxes installed in the hostels.Incidentally, one of the two drop boxes for students across the PU campus for expressing their grievances lies defunct on the second floor of the student centre. In a bid to make this least accessed facility more student friendly, such drop boxes will also be installed at the student centre along with the hostels.\"For those students who have serious concerns and cannot address them directly to wardens or chairpersons, we will be installing drop boxes in all hostels and the ground floor of the student centre,\" says A S Ahluwalia, dean, student welfare. He added that this will also ensure that newly enrolled students on the campus do not hesitate in sharing their problems.\"The channel of getting students' grievances is wrong and even the existing drop box is wrongly placed. A student who would walk up to the PU student council office till the second floor can well inform the council members or the DSW in his office. The real challenge is to sustain the new step,\" says Pushpinder Sharma, president, Panjab University campus student council (PUCSC). Not many students know about yet another drop box at the vice chancellor's office.In a recent case at PU boys' hostel number 8, when a surprise check was conducted on a complaint by students, sub-standard food was being served in the hostel. Neither was the meal according to the list of nutritive food prepared by committee of wardens, nor was the quality of rice found fit for consumption.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060420", "title": "Now, online facility for college admissions", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Knowledge Corporation Limited (MKCL) on Tuesday announced the launch of an online application facility for admissions to first year degree courses at about nine universities spread across the state.Students can use this facility through a dedicated portal --- www.ugpgadmission.com. After registering on the website, a student can fill up the admission form through online, take a print and submit it to the college concerned.This facility will be an optional choice for students apart from the regular process wherein a student can approach a college, get the form and submit it.Vivek Sawant, managing director of MKCL, said that nine universities have partnered for the online process. These include, Babasaheb Ambedkar Marathwada university (Aurangabad), Mumbai university (Mumbai), North Maharashtra university (Jalgaon), Rashtrsant Tukdoji Maharaj Nagpur university (Nagpur), Sant Gadgebaba Amravati university (Amravati), Solapur university (Solapur), SNDT women's university (Mumbai), Shivaji university (Kolhapur) and Gondwana university (Gadchiroli).Sawant said, \"Information about the various courses run by about 3,000 colleges affiliated to these universities has been uploaded on the site. A student can easily secure information of any particular course run by affiliated colleges for the academic year 2012-13. The system will eliminate multiple visits to every college to secure information of courses and admission forms. Besides, it will assist the students in making appropriate choice of subjects and thereby help in restricting errors in the application forms.\"The students will receive an SMS after completion of the process of uploading of forms. Accessibility to the site is also available at the MKCL's MS-CIT centres.Sawant further said that the website has provided multiple choice options wherein a student can apply at more than one college. About 3 lakh students are expected to avail of this facility. Students will be able to access the information on the site from May 21 onwards, a few days ahead of declaration of standard XII results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13057942", "title": "Mayawati spent Rs 86 crore of public money on her bungalow", "text": "LUCKNOW: BSP chief Mayawati spent over Rs 86 crore of public money to renovate her 13 Mall Avenue bungalow that she is entitled to as a former chief minister. The renovation work began after Maya took over as chief minister in 2007 but the bulk of the work got completed towards the end of her tenure.This was revealed in an RTI application that SP leader Shivpal Yadav filed when he was the leader of Opposition during Maya's tenure. Though the RTI plea dates back a year, the estate department revealed the details recently.\"We are still assessing the total cost incurred and indications are that the money spent might even exceed Rs 100 crore,\" a senior estate department official said on the condition of anonymity.The house sprawls over 5 acres of prime land in Lucknow's Mall Avenue and is guarded by 20-feet-tall walls made of sandstone from Rajasthan. Originally, 13 Mall Avenue comprised only 2.5 acres, but Maya added an adjoining plot which housed the cane commissioner's office and had this building demolished.The main building is single-storeyed and has six inter-connected rooms. They open on to a wide corridor, which contains rows of lockers. On a wall in this corridor hangs a neatly framed large picture of Mayawati taking her first oath as UP chief minister in 1995. Outside the corridor is a verandah with only two windows, both fitted with bullet-proof glass. Each window cost Rs 15 lakh and was specially designed for the house in Chandigarh.There's a separate two-storeyed well-furnished guesthouse with 14 bedrooms on the same campus. All rooms have pink Italian marble flooring in keeping with Maya's fondness for pink stone. This building also has a meeting hall, a security room, garages and drivers' rooms.The lush green lawn of the house that used to be its beauty was converted into a floor made of pink granite. There are two 20-feet statues on the premises, one of Mayawati and the other of her mentor later Kanshiram. Besides, there are five marble statues of elephants.The buildings were not finished at one go, but involved tearing down of interiors several times because Maya was often not fully satisfied. One bathroom in the main building was redone about a dozen times because Behenji did not find it to her taste, an official said.To secure the house, the home department put up a barbed fencing round the boundary walls. A close-circuit TV network kept close watch on visitors.The renovation of this bungalow was clubbed with the building of parks and memorials erected in memory of Dalit icons. The job was assigned to the Nirman Nigam, which accorded top priority to the bungalow's renovation.Shivpal Yadav, who's now PWD minister, said an inquiry has been ordered and action will be taken against those found guilty of any lapses and irregularities.Estate department officials wished not to be quoted but said 80% of the funds spent were provided by the estate department. The remaining was spent by the Nirman Nigam and some other agencies like the Lucknow Nagar Nigam, home department and department of cultural affairs.The Nirman Nigam, sources said, refused to take note of the estate department's repeated queries about its activities. The then director estate, Prabhat Mittal, though a letter dated August 27, 2008, had even asked the Nirman Nigam to furnish details about the money spent by it on demolishing the cane commissioner's officer. But the Nirman Nigam ignored the query.Records show that 13 Mall Avenue was earlier known as the Speaker's House. This was long occupied by former Congress minister, late Baldev Singh Arya, who was even a minister in the first UP assembly of 1952. Mayawati occupied this house in 1995 when she became chief minister for the first time. In 2007, during her fourth stint as CM of the one of the poorest states in India, she decided to expand the property and do the building up in a royal style.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058577", "title": "No respite from scorching heat", "text": "KANPUR: The blazing sun turned the city into an over-heated cauldron on Tuesday. The city observed temperature above 40 degrees for the fourth continuous day. If the weather scientists of Chandra Shekhar Azad University are to be believed there will be no change in the prevailing weather conditions in the days to come. The experts predict that there would be an increase in the mercury of about two degrees in the ongoing week. Thus, it is for sure now that the city folks will have no respite from the scorching heat.On Tuesday the high temperature was accompanied with calm winds and low humidity forcing people to stay indoors. The maximum temperature recorded on the day was 39.9 degree Celsius. While, the minimum temperature rose to 23.8 degrees. The humidity recorded on Tuesday morning was only 37 percent, which reduced to 24 percent in afternoon.The roads wore a deserted look on Tuesday despite it being the beginning of the week and most denizens had to cancel their outings. With power cuts in many areas, the rise in temperature only added to the woes. \"It was almost impossible to step out and difficult to stay home at the same time without the AC,\" said Nancy, an MBA student.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13057241", "title": "January rubber production up 5.6%", "text": "KOCHI: India's rubber production rose 5.6% to 10,414 tonnes in January this year, while consumption declined by 2.5% to 34,385 tonnes, according to data available with the Rubber Board of India. This was from production of 9,859 tonnes with consumption at 35,260 tonnes in January 2011.Consumption by the automobile tyre industry, which is a good indicator of rubber sales trends, fell 5% to 24,920 tonnes from 26,218 tonnes in January this year over the corresponding period a year ago. Import of synthetic rubber went up by 2% to 23,340 tonnes in January 2012, from 22,836 tonnes in January 2011. On the other hand, consumption rose to 3,52,395 tonnes from 3,41,880 tonnes in the same period, according to the data. The auto tyre industry consumed 2,56,118 tonnes of synthetic rubber in April-January of 2011-12, as against 2,47,427 tonnes in the corresponding period of the previous fiscal.Total imports rose to 2,69,630 tonnes in the April- January period of this fiscal from 2,51,979 tonnes in the same period last fiscal. The total stock of synthetic rubber in the country at the end of January, 2012, stood at 45,980 tonnes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13060620", "title": "River panel implements Supreme Court order, cuts Punjab, Haryana power share", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Days will be a little harsher in Punjab and Haryana this summer as their share in the Bhakra Beas Management Board (BBMB) run power houses has dropped by cumulative 150 MW. The cut in power share happened after BBMB implemented the Supreme Court directions to allocate 7.19% share to Himachal Pradesh in electricity generated at all its projects. The hill state had been demanding its due share in these projects, in accordance with the Punjab Re-organisation Act, for the last 45 years.Punjab, which gets the lion's share in all power houses, will suffer the most as its share has dropped from 54.5% in Bhakra to 51.8%. In Dehar and Pong power houses, Punjab used to get 60% of the power generated. Now, it gets only 51.8%. Haryana, too has taken a hit with its share in Dehar and Pong sliding to 37.51% from 40%.\"Rajasthan's quota has not suffered any changes as per the new power equation, although UT has benefitted. We are now giving Himachal Pradesh 7.19% share since November last year,\" said BBMB chairperson A B Aggarwal.BBMB hopes to increase its power generation capacity this year. Last year, it had generated 12,520 million units against a target of 1,00,023 million units. The water levels in dams this year is less than it was last year. However, Aggarwal maintained that \"things are under control\" and that \"water is sufficient to meet the needs of all partner states\". While Bhakra dam's level this year is 1,549 feet, compared to 1,580 last year, Pong dam's water level has been almost steady at 1,323 feet this year (it was 1,348 feet last year). Although it has snowed heavily in the higher reaches of Himachal Pradesh, it has not translated into heavy water inflows in various dams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13059511", "title": "Corporator accused of murder in cop custody", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: A local court has remanded NCP corporator from Airoli, Bholanath Thakur, and his two aides in police custody till May 15 for the murder of Dighe resident Sahdev Dandekar. Thakur and his aides Ramu Koli and Leeladhar Babade were arrested by Rabale police for barging into Dandekar's house in Ishwar Nagar, Dighe, and firing at him and stabbing him on Sunday over a property dispute. A fourth accused is on the run.A police officer said Dandekar had earlier filed complaints with the police and NMMC against the corporator with regard to a chawl the former owned in Dighe. The victim's kin also told police that Thakur had been pressuring him to sell off his chawl property so that a new building could come up at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058249", "title": "20 tola gold recovered from Ahluwalia's bank locker", "text": "NAGPUR: The anti-corruption wing of Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) unearthed around 20 tola gold from a bank locker belonging to BHEL deputy GM DS Ahluwalia in Mumbai on Tuesday. Around 15 gold coins and some jewellery were found in the locker opened in the presence of CBI personnel.The agency is also likely to open another locker.The CBI sleuths had initiated searches at three places in city and Mumbai on Monday in connection with an offence of disproportionate assets registered against Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited's senior deputy general manger Devendra Singh Ahluwalia and his son Ambarish in April.The CBI had found that the value of assets owned by Devendra Singh did not tally his legitimate income as an employee of the central government organization.Devendra Singh's assets were found to be worth Rs 1.50 crore more than what he could have made as a government employee. Devendra Singh was earning around Rs 90,000 per month as salary and other allowances.Though there were no indication of arrests, CBI now aims to collect more evidence against Ahluwalia and his son. The CBI has already uncovered property worth several crores, including an apartment worth Rs 1.25 crore in Mumbai and another costing around Rs 12 lakh in Nagpur. Two cars worth around Rs 32.5 lakhs were also found in Mumbai while another worth Rs 2.5 lakh was traced during searches in Nagpur. Fixed deposit certificates worth around Rs 80 lakhs were also traced besides half-a-kilogram gold on the first day of searches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060363", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation's efforts leave a lot to be desired with garbage, vehicles dotting sidewalks", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) efforts to repair footpaths and free them of encroachments within a month could be seen in glimpses, but were far from desired on Kumthekar Road, Laxmi Road and at Model colony.A re-assessment on Monday showed traces of the civic body's endeavour, but also underlined the enormity of its task, since most roads in the city face chronic problems in the shape of vendors, parked vehicles, garbage and electric junction boxes dotting the sidewalks. All this compels people to stay away from the clogged pavements and take the dangerous route of walking on the road.The problems plaguing Model colony continue, with garbage, parked vehicles and temples remaining where they were. The initial report on Model colony on April 21 said that there were idle PMC water pipes lying on the roadside near Vetal chowk. Though lesser in number, the pipes are very much there. Vijay Langde, assistant commissioner, PMC, said he would get them removed by Wednesday afternoon.As reported earlier, construction of concrete roads is underway near the Deep Bungalow chowk and one side of the road is barricaded. This has led to people walking dangerously close to the middle of the road. Aryan Arya, an engineer present on site, said they were working to \"raise the level of the road and renovate the footpath on that stretch. The work will go beyond the monsoon.\" Langde also said that the one side of the road would remain barricaded for the \"next two to three months\".However, there have been visible improvements on certain spots of the road. Earlier, one would witness a garbage dump at the turning into Model colony from Fergusson College road. The reassessment of the road found that the garbage has been cleared. But the political hoardings at the spot are yet to be removed.The Model colony road is a narrow road, meaning that non-existence of footpaths and parked vehicles on the traces of sidewalks force people to virtually walk in the middle of the road. Langde said they would start constructing footpaths once the tender process was over. \"We have allocated Rs 25 lakh for constructing footpaths in Model colony. We are aiming to build them as soon as possible.\"On Kumthekar road, the PMC officials have failed to get rid of the existing problems. Lack of pavements and parked vehicles coerce pedestrians to walk on the road. Aakash Dangre, a local resident, said, \"Vehicles are parked on both sides of the road making it difficult for us to walk here.\" He said that since the area falls in the old city there is not much scope for road expansion to construct footpaths.As in TOI's initial report, garbage is still present at the intersection prior to Shagun Chowk. Another pedestrian, Arun Deshpande, said, \"The PMC had said that the footpaths will be made walkable for us in a month's time. But as a regular pedestrian on this road, I have seen very little changes.\"Regarding construction of footpaths on Kumthekar Road, assistant commissioner Arun Khilare said that footpaths on bigger roads, like the Kumthekar Road, are made by the road department of the PMC. \"Our responsibility is only to maintain it.\"He added the garbage on Kumthekar Road would be cleaned by Wednesday, because he was involved in removing encroachments on Dandekar bridge on Tuesday.Meanwhile, little has changed on Laxmi Road. Vendors continue to throng the sidewalk. There is a walking plaza for pedestrians, but it becomes non-existent beyond Shagun chowk. Aatmaram Khedkar, a septuagenarian, complained of the difficulties faced on this road. He said, \"Vendors, parked vehicles and lack of a walking plaza means that we have been shunted out on the road. Something has to be done to make the general public feel safe while walking on Laxmi Road.\"Garbage is still present in front of Gokhale hall and has spread till the bus stop. No garbage was found in from of the Commonwealth office. Khilare said, \"I am aiming to clean every garbage spot from my ward area by Wednesday. We have already removed some and will clean the remaining spots.\"As for the vendors on Laxmi Road, he said that they could not be removed due to policy decisions.A senior PMC official told TOI that they have given instructions to officers in the area to remove the illegal vendors conducting business on Laxmi Road. He said, \"People with valid licenses will be spared but others will be asked to pay fines and will be removed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060283", "title": "Solicitor ordered to pay compensation for filing false case", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court here on May 5 ordered a Mumbai-based solicitor, M M Shah, to pay a compensation of Rs 10,000 each to two accused for allegedly filing false complaints of extortion and cheating against them in 2007.Defendants Krishna Shete and Ashok Naik were awarded compensation under section 250 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC).A practising solicitor in Mumbai since 1972, Shah will have to undergo a simple imprisonment of 15 days if he fails to pay the compensation. The defendants will get the compensation amount after the appeal period is over.The court of judicial magistrate first class, P P Bharsakade-Wagh, discharged the defendants and issued a show-cause notice to Shah for filing false complaints against them under sections 384 (extortion), 420 (cheating) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code, on March 26, 2012.Responding to the notice, Shah said it is not maintainable as per law as the court should have issued a separate notice to him after discharging the defendants.Shah said, \"The court has to be cautious while taking action under section 250 of the CrPC and an honest and a bona fide prosecution, howsoever infirm and insufficient its basis may be, cannot be called for action\".Shah quoted a Supreme Court judgment in the case of Bansilal v/s Dharamchand, saying that some witnesses have not supported the prosecution's case, but that dose not suggest that the prosecution's story was false or frivolous.Earlier, lawyers Shahid Akhtar and Manik Patil prayed to discharge Shete and Naik from the case as Shete had filed a cheque bounce case against Shah in 2002. The lawyers said that Shah had filed a false case against his clients in 2007. They argued that there was no prima facie evidence to frame charges against the defendants and termed the complaint filed against his clients as false and concocted and prayed to take action against Shah for filing a false case.The court order stated, \"Section 250 of the CrPC cannot be attracted to discourage legal proceedings honestly launched, but the provision is intended to serve as a weapon only to prevent abuse of the process and discourage frivolous, flimsy and false litigations\".The court observed, \"There was a civil transaction between Shah and the defendants and there was no reasonable cause for filing a complaint and, apparently, it reveals that they have been unnecessarily dragged to the court suggesting that the complaint was based on false grounds\".Shete had filed a Rs 6.25 lakh cheque bounce case against Shah in 2002. In 2007, Shah filed an alleged extortion and cheating case against Shete on the grounds that he had paid Rs 5.25 lakh to Shete through Naik, but he was not issued a receipt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13059938", "title": "World\u2019s biggest fear: Losing one\u2019s mobile", "text": "LONDON: Guess what's the biggest phobia in the world? It's nomophobia - the fear of being without your mobile, says a new study which has found that approximately 66% of people are affected by it.In fact, the number of people afflicted with nomophobia - 'no mobile phone phobia' - revealed in the study in the UK shows a rise from a similar research conducted four years ago, where 53% of people admitted the fear of losing their phone.In the latest study, of the 1,000 people surveyed in the UK, 66% said they felt the fear, the 'Daily Mail' newspaper reported.Young adults - aged between 18 and 24 - tended to be the most addicted to their mobile phones, with 77% unable to stay apart for more than a few minutes, and those aged between 25 and 34 followed at 68%.The study showed that people on average check their phone 34 times a day, and 75% of us use the phone in the bathroom - with many people saying it is the modern equivalent of the newspaper.Andy Kemshall, co-founder of SecurEnvoy that commissioned the study, \"A reversal on the 2008 findings is that, back then, it was men that were more afflicted yet today it's women. I'd be inclined to draw the conclusion that, perhaps because more men have two phones, they're less likely to misplace both and therefore be left phoneless.\"Other findings showed that, even if 49% of people get upset if their messages and texts were viewed by a partner, most don't bother with securing our mobile phones, with only 46% of them using some kind of lock code, and just 10% adding encryption to their data.Kemshall added, \"With 58% of the respondents using at least one device for business use, this lack of security is a worrying trend that needs addressing.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059874", "title": "NHFS data off official website, funds crunch suspends future surveys", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Family Health Survey (NFHS) data that highlighted the stark public health condition in the country - especially among women and children - causing embarrassment to successive governments have been taken off the internet, and all future surveys have been scrapped by the Union health and family welfare ministry, thanks to funds crunch.The NHFS had compiled data on fertility, family planning, child and infant mortality, maternal and child health as well as women's empowerment and domestic violence through three reports published in 1992-93, 1998-99 and 2005-06.The health ministry has claimed that the survey was not required as similar data would be available through other exercises carried out by various government agencies.However, Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh had argued against scrapping the survey reports, and pleaded with health minister Ghulam Nabi Azad to persist with them. \"As you know the NFHS are invaluable sources of reliable data on number of key parameters ... it is important to recognize that authentic data on health and nutrition are scarce - there is no immediate danger of any excess of surveys of this kind,\" Ramesh had said.Ramesh had requested that the survey be allowed for at least one more round to get comparable figures for 2015.The health ministry officials reasoned that the Annual Health Survey and the District Level Health Survey provided district-level estimates for a number of parameters covered by NFHS, even though Ramesh questioned their robustness and comparability.Sources said similar concerns had earlier been raised within the Mission Steering Group of the National Rural Health Mission by members like National Advisory Council panelist A K Shiva Kumar. However, women and child development ministry did not object to the scrapping of the survey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13056745", "title": "Cleaning drive in district to begin from next week", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The pre-monsoon cleaning drive in the district will begin from May 17. The move comes in the wake of the health department warning about possible outbreak of communicable diseases in the district during the rainy seasons.From May 17, sludge will be removed from drainages and bus stand, market, office and school premises, and construction sites will be cleaned.Each ward has been allotted Rs 10,000 under the National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) for the cleaning drive. The district sanitation committee has also given Rs 10,000 to wards.Minister for social welfare and panchayats M K Muneer has asked the local self-government to utilize its non-planning funds for the drive.A plan to dispose the waste collected is also being prepared. Labour department officials will take steps to register migrant labourers arriving in the city in search of jobs. A sum of Rs 16 crore has been set aside to conduct awareness programmes through the media, the minister said. Mayor A K Premajam said a tender will be floated soon to construct a waste disposal plant at Njeliyanparamba for Rs 50 lakh. Meanwhile, women in the city are busy placing rat poison distributed by the Kozhikode Corporation around their houses. The civic body had distributed over 1.65 lakh packets of rat poison to city dwellers as part of its mass rodent eradication campaign against communicable diseases.The drive, which also aims to make the city clean before monsoon, was implemented with the help of residents'association,Kudumbasree units, anganwadies, and non-government organizations. The health standing committee chairperson Janamma Kunjunni said the civic body has asked all the households to place the rat poison before 6 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13058245", "title": "Graft greatest threat: Vatican envoy", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Expressing anguish over corruption in all walks of life, Archbishop Salvatore Pennachhio, the Vatican ambassador to India and Nepal , said the biggest threat to the world today is corruption. He said the challenge today is to uproot corruption that has taken root in all walks of life, institutions and establishments.Archbishop Pennachhio spoke after inaugurating the three-day Catholic Mission Congress (Prabhu Yesu Mahotsavam) here on Tuesday. Quoting Mahatma Gandhi , the Archbishop said \"The world has enough for man's needs but not for man's greed.\" Extending greetings to the delegates on behalf of the Pope, Pennachhio asked fellow messengers to continue the Christ's service in striving for peace and justice, true freedom and respect for the dignity of every human being.He asked Christians to be role models of sacrifice and generosity in eradicating poverty in society. He commended the dedicated services of 6,000 nuns and brothers and 2,000 priests in various spheres of education, health and social service in 23 districts of Andhra Pradesh. He called upon the youth to follow the ideals of Mother Teresa and said there should not be any boundaries of race, caste and creed to embrace people.The event began with a colourful note at the AL College auditorium where bishops from 13 districts of the state were present along with more than 4,000 delegates. \"It's a god-given opportunity to be at such a big session attended by none other than the Archbishop as well as other bishops,\" said a jubilant father U Balasoury. The event was marked with spectacular performances by artistes presenting Kuchipudi, Burrakatha, Telangana Voggu and other traditional art forms. Amruthavani regional communication centre conceptualized and produced the cultural programmes.The Vatican ambassador lit a specially-decorated candle symbolizing the theme of the Congress 'Let your light shine'. Bishops Govind Joji, Tumma Bala, Mallavarapu Prakash and Gali Bali were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13059853", "title": "State allows failed students to get papers re-evaluated", "text": "School education minister Rajendra Darda on Tuesday took up the cause of the failed Class IX students of Byculla's Antonio Desouza High School and Worli's Sacred Heart High School, promising a re-evaluation of papers. It has also emerged that the schools, in failing the students, might have followed a controversial government circular of 2004 that mandated a change in the passing marks criterion for classes IX and XI.\"I have taken note of TOI's report on the students' allegations. Their contention is that they have been failed deliberately. I will convene on Wednesday a special meeting of senior officials of my department, parents of the aggrieved students and the managements of the schools to resolve the dispute,\" Darda told TOI.Given the large number of failed students--150 out of 300 in Antonio Desouza and 81 out of 230 in Sacred Heart--Darda said, \"If the students feel they have been failed deliberately, my government will not hesitate to order a fresh evaluation of their answer sheets by independent examiners. We will discuss the proposal with the school managements; we would like to hear their case too.\"About the circular, a senior official said that though it was issued in 2004 by the education department, it was never followed. \"But it appears that a section of schools have begun implementing it now,\" he said. \"We will have to examine if the two schools in question followed the circular for their March 2012 Class IX and XI examinations. If that is the case, the school managements should have informed the students beforehand.\"Till now the minimum-passing-marks rule for classes IX and XI that schools have followed is that a student can achieve the target by including marks from both theory and practical tests, with no minimum requirement for either theory or practical individually. But the circular specifies a minimum of 25% marks in theory papers independently.Darda said about the circular, \"I have sought information on the specifics. We will examine the circular at Wednesday's meeting. We will ensure that no injustice is done to students.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057900", "title": "Suicide at Govindpuri Metro station, 4th such incident in 7 days", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 23-year-old youth jumped to his death from Govindpuri Metro station on Tuesday in the fourth such incident in seven days. No suicide note was recovered from the spot.The incident occurred around 11am on Tuesday. The youth, Anil, was a resident of R Block, Okhla Phase-II, said cops. Anil had bought a ticket from Azadpur to Adarsh Nagar and had boarded a train on the yellow line (Jahangirpuri to HUDA City Centre). However, he got down at the Metro station closest to his residence - Govindpuri - falling on the Badarpur-Central Secretariat line. CCTV footage showed that Anil was pacing up and down platform number 2 for several minutes before he jumped from the platform onto the road below, said CISF personnel. He was taken to the AIIMS Trauma Centre, where he was declared dead. Metro services on the Badarpur line, though, were not affected.\"The deceased was staying with his brother in Okhla. His parents belong to Ballabgarh. We are investigating what forced him to take the drastic step. We are also analysing his call details and scrutinizing CCTV footage,\" said B S Gujjar, additional DCP (railways).The body was handed over to the family after postmortem. Sources said that financial difficulty or a failed love affair seem to be responsible for the youth's decision. Anil used to paint houses for a living.Suicides on and off track have become a headache for Metro. \"We have tried several methods to prevent them but none has been foolproof. Though CISF personnel and private security guards are deployed at stations to keep a watch over people, and CCTV monitors are scanned regularly, it is difficult to thwart such attempts because everything happens in a split second. Drivers do their best to stop the train on time but are not always successful,\" a Metro official said.Concerned over the series of suicides, cops said they are discussing the problem with Kolkata Metro which has seen 248 such attempts since its inception in 1988. Over 110 persons have died on the Kolkata Metro tracks so far. However, the solution is worth several crores.Kolkata Metro had started a pilot project that involves installing fibre walls on platforms. These walls open just before the Metro door opens, allowing the passenger to enter the compartment directly, leaving no opportunity for him to attempt suicide. The operational cost of the project is estimated to be Rs 12 crore per station.Last Saturday, a 55-year-old retired government official had attempted suicide at the INA Metro station. Two women allegedly being harassed for dowry had ended their lives at Metro stations earlier in the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058293", "title": "Kidnapped girl rescued", "text": "HYDERABAD: A five-year-old girl who was kidnapped by a woman from Amberpet on Monday evening, was found abandoned in Dilsukhanagar on Tuesday by locals. The Cyberabad police handed over the girl to her parents. However, the girl's gold earrings were stolen by the abductor.The victim, Akshita, is the daughter of an auto driver Ramakrishna from Mallikarjun Nagar in Amberpet. On Monday evening, she was kidnapped by an unidentified woman while she was playing near her house.After looking for the girl everywhere, the girl's family lodged a complaint with the Amberpet police on Tuesday morning. Alleging that the police officers did not give them proper response, the family members even staged a protest in front of the police station.While police teams were scouring for the girl, shop keepers near the Dilsukhnagar bus station noticed the girl standing alone and crying on the road on Tuesday evening. They took the girl to the Saroornagar police station. She told police about the kidnap incident and gave her father's mobile number.\"We immediately called up her father and informed him about the girl. The family members arrived here and we handed over the girl to them,\" Saroornagar inspector A V R Narasimha Rao said. Police said that the kidnapper took away the girl's gold earrings worth Rs 10,000. A special team has been formed to nab the culprit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060200", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore has a quiet and lonely birthday in Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: On his 151st birth anniversary, Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore stood all alone. Neither the state government nor the district administration made any effort to pay tributes. The lone life-size statue of Tagore opposite the district magistrate's residence lies in utter neglect. Erected on June 22, 1999, the statute now gathers dust as the area has not been cleaned up for the past many years.\"It is hurting to see that while the country is busy celebrating 151st birth anniversary, people in the city are least bothered. His statute that was installed after much struggle lies in sheer neglect. The place has now been encroached by beggars,\" said Arun Banerjee of Lucknow Bengali Club who along with another member garlanded Tagore's statute on Tuesday.After being pressurised by the Club, the state government put a canopy over the statue last year. But more than administrative neglect, it is the people's apathy that is worrying. Even after much celebrations happening around the country, a large section of the people in the city were ignorant about Tagore's 151st birth anniversary. Not many knew that Tagore has penned down India's national anthem.The young generation seemed to know the least about Tagore. Kunal Kumar, a class XI student of La Martiniere College said, \"He is related to Sharmila Tagore .\"Aliya Tiwari, a class X student said, \"I do not know who is Tagore is or the significance of May 7.\" A retired bank manager, Manjula Ahluwalia was equally clueless about Tagore's 151st birth anniversary. \"I am well aware that Tagore won a Nobel Prize for Gitanjali,\" she said.There were some who did not even know about the contributions of Tagore - a novelist, poet, social reformer, musician, painter and much more. The most shocking answer came from Sayed Rizwan, an engineering student who said, \"I think Tagore wrote our Constitution.\"An IIM student, Abhishek Rao remarked, \"He has written some great novels, but I really do not remember their names.\"Creator of elegant prose and magical poetry, Tagore was even not paid any tributes at the Ravindralaya.Programme in-charge, Umesh Kumar said, \"We have never celebrated Tagore's birthday here. But we make sure that his bust is cleaned regularly.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13060450", "title": "Ban on foreigners' entry into Rayagada lifted partially", "text": "KORAPUT: The Rayagada administration has partially lifted the restrictions on visit of foreign nationals in the Particularly Vulnerable Tribal Groups (PVTG) areas of the district. It had imposed a complete ban from March 24 following the abduction of two Italian tourists and an MLA by Maoists in the state.\"After careful consideration of the ground situation, it has been decided to partially lift the restrictions on visit of tourists in the PVTG areas of the district. The administration has decided to allow foreign visitors to visit the Chatikona haat (weekly market) near Bissamkatak railway station,\" said Rayagada district collector Nitin Bhanudas Jawle.The Chatikkona haat of Rayagada, which primitive tribals of Dongria Kondh community frequent, attracts foreign tourists thirsting for a glimpse of tribal culture. \"The area of visit has been demarcated from the first level crossing near Bissamkatak railway station and 50 meters on either side from the median of the road. In no case tourists will be allowed to move beyond the level crossing,\" Jawle said. \"The administration has intimated this to all tour operators,\" he added.The administration, however, still mandates all foreign tourists to report to the judicial section of the collectorate immediately upon their arrival in Rayagada and give details regarding their duration and purpose of visit, irrespective of whether they are visiting the PVTG areas or otherwise. Photography continues to be banned in the PVTG areas.\"Though we have partially revoked the ban, tourists are required to exercise utmost restraint while dealing with members of the PVTG,\" Jawle said.Rayagada with its beautiful forest cover and landscapes is the entry point of foreign tourists to south Odisha. After a brief halt in Rayagada, tour operators usually take tourists to Koraput and other districts.The state government had recently issued a revised guideline listing dos and don'ts for foreign tourists, especially while visiting areas inhabited by PVTGs, in the backdrop of the human safari controversy surrounding primitive tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058653", "title": "Pilots' strike: Air India cancels 2 international flights from city", "text": "HYDERABAD: The pilot stir took its toll on Air India flights from Hyderabad. The airline cancelled two international flights from Hyderabad on Tuesday. The flights were scheduled for Jeddah (AI-965) and Chicago (AI-127). While the decision to suspend the Hyderabad-Jeddah flight was taken early on Tuesday morning, the Hyderabad-Chicago (via New Delhi) operation was called off later in the afternoon. Officials said that affected passengers would be given a total refund of the fare.\"In case passengers wish to be accommodated in another carrier, AI will do the needful,\" a spokesperson of the airline operator said. Roughly 160 people were slated to fly to Jeddah while 65 had booked themselves on to the flight to Chicago. \"As the scheduled departure of the flight to Jeddah was in the evening (7.15 pm), we had to inform the passengers well in advance so that alternate arrangements could be made. The flight to Chicago via Delhi was set to take off at 8.55 pm,\" the spokesperson added. AI operates two services to Jeddah every week and a daily flight to Chicago.Officials, however, could not confirm if more AI flights in the international sector would be cancelled over the next few days. \"We will take a decision depending upon the situation ,\" the spokesperson said when asked if the cancellations were temporary. However, the staffer assured that the domestic sector would remain unaffected.AI has around 20 daily departures, both domestic and international, from Shamshabad airport. On Tuesday, eight international and 15 domestic flights took off from Hyderabad as per schedule.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13061509", "title": "Thanks letter by Suseenthiran", "text": "In a letter to the press and media, director Suseenthiran thanked all his media friends and press for the wonderful support rendered for his movies.The letter stated that he was elated by the media's support right from his debut movie Vennila Kabadi Kuzhu, Naan Mahan Alla, Azhagar Samiyin Kuthirai and Rajapattai.He also shared his thanks shedding that his movie Azhagar Samiyin Kuthirai was selected under the best wholesome entertainment category and he was conferred the National Award for the movie. He signed off with a note thanking one and all whole heartedly for the support and cooperation which holds the key reasons for new aspirations and all his endeavours.Source: Cinefundas.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059380", "title": "Record grain procurement leaves government fumbling for solutions", "text": "NEW DELHI: Record procurement of foodgrain -- 44 lakh tonnes over what was bought last year by this time -- and more to come has left the government sweating inside and outside Parliament with opposition demanding clarity on food storage and procurement status. Reports of mismanagement are pouring in from surplus states such as Madhya Pradesh even as the UPA is yet to take a stand on managing the burgeoning stocks.Sharad Yadav of JD(U) had launched a broadside against the government in Lok Sabha last week, saying, \"There is no greater priority at the moment, the Cabinet should immediately decide what the government will do with the grains. This time, there is no space for storage and a lot of foodgrain will be destroyed. The government should open a war room for this immediately.\"Other opposition parties carried on from where Yadav had left with BJP and the Left joining the debate, leading finance minister Pranab Mukherjee to reply on Monday and Tuesday about a mismatch between storage capacity and procurement. On Tuesday, minister of state for agriculture Harish Rawat had to defend the Centre's position even as food minister K V Thomas told Parliament that 41.80 lakh tonnes of non-basmati rice had been exported and the government was closely monitoring the trend of exports.But the problem of plenty seems to have caught the agencies - at the Centre and the states -- off-guard despite early internal warnings. Lack of jute bags to pack grain stalled procurement in Madhya Pradesh, leading to a debate between the opposition and the government in Parliament even as police firing to disperse agitating farmers led to loss of one life.The Centre is yet to take a call on finalizing either export of grains or distribution through the subsidised public distribution system, with the decision resting with the inter-ministerial group headed by PM's Economic Advisory Council chief C Rangarajan.Government data released on Monday said 255.67 lakh tonnes of grain had been procured by different agencies across the country with Punjab alone reporting 112.04 lakh tonnes of wheat being picked up.With Madhya Pradesh too showing impressive procurement, owing partly to the extra bonus offered by the state government, the earliest worry for the government is hunting for space to store the excess grain from MP and alternatives for the traditional food bowl states of Haryana and Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13060024", "title": "Global chefs look for a taste of India", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as global fast-food chains like McDonald's and KFC attempt to woo the Indian customer with Indianised (read spicier) versions of their classics, finding such variants on the menus of a New York deli or a London cafe could soon be a reality as well. According to chefs from Custom Culinary, a division of Griffith Laboratories, the USbased global manufacturer of food products , Indian spices, flavours and tastes have shifted from being branded as 'exotic' to being much sought after , much in the way that Mexican, Thai or Italian flavours have become part of a mainstream global food culture.In order to prepare their chefs for this potential jump in Indian food's popularity , Custom Culinary and Griffith , which create bases, sauces and gravies for industrial use and supermarket shelves, have flown down 16 of their top chefs from across the world to India to learn the basics of Indian cooking. In Bangalore, the chefs, who are from Spain, Canada , Mexico, USA, Australia and the UK , made a two-day stopover to attend day-long cooking sessions at Le Meridien Hotel for South Indian food and at Indian finedining restaurant Tattva for a taste of North-Indian cooking.\"There is tremendous excitement about authentic Indian food,\" said an excited Scott Gilbert , director of culinary at Custom Culinary Inc, a subsidiary of Griffith Laboratories. \"We came here and we saw nothing but inspiration.\"According to Gilbert, although what has passed for Indian food in the West continues to be popular - chicken tikka masala's reign is not quite over, in other words - there is increasing demand for the authentic Indian taste in the form of 'real' dishes and not their watered down versions. \"The Americanised Indian restaurants are going away,\" said Gilbert.On day two of the chefs' culinary journey at Tattva, the day's menu consisted of 25 dishes made from scratch over the course of a morning spent over a smoking hot tandoor, grills and tawaas. The menu consisted of kababs, curries, biriyani and bread. \"We made sure each item followed a different base ingredient. So we had dishes made with basic gravies like brown, yellow, makhani, malai and khada masala (whole spices),\" said Sajit Chacko, managing partner of AST Foods that runs Tattva, Umerkot and Cloud Bar. \"I love to bake bread. Watching the chef operate the tandoor was terrific . I'm now trying to figure out how to create a perfect naan without using a tandoor oven, but I'm afraid it looks tough,\" said Mike Speranza, corporate executive chef of Custom Culinary. Speranza also confessed to be intrigued by the variety in Indian cooking and the difference between flavours in South and North Indian food, especially given that many of the base spices and ingredients remain the same. \"South Indian food has great, bold flavours without being overwhelming,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13058870", "title": "Five women man key posts in Panchkula", "text": "PANCHKULA: With the appointment of a woman deputy commissioner of police (DCP), the administration is being 'manned' by women in Panchkula, as all the five key posts are now being held by the fair sex.The post of Panchkula DCP was filled on Monday, with Parul Kush Jain joining. She has replaced DCP Maneesh Chaudhary, who has recently been posted to Chandigarh as superintendent of police (SP), traffic.Masters in Botany from Panjab University, Jain was earlier posted as SP, Kurukshetra. Ashima Brar, who took over in 2010 as the 13th deputy commissioner of Panchkula is continuing on the post.The 27th sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Panchkula, Sharandeep Kaur Brar, who came second in her batch joined eight months ago.Besides, the district education officer of Panchkula too is a woman. Nalini Mimani had joined on the post two years ago.The 20th sub-divisional magistrate (SDM) of Kalka, Manita Malik, was appointed to the post seven months ago. \"It is a nice change to see women running Panchkula. I marvel at their juggling abilities as apart from handling such responsible posts, they are also running their households. Running a city is not easy,\" said Dia Shangari, a resident of Sector 9, Panchkula.\"I just hope that they live up to the expectations. Running a city is a challenging task. I hope we get co-operation from them,\" said Rajveer Singh, a resident of Sector 11, Panchkula.Apart from these five key posts, some other important posts too are being held by women.The post of district elementary education officer is being held by Anita Anand, Vijay Lakshmi is the Red Cross secretary, while Dr Usha Gupta is the principal medical officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060307", "title": "Ravanan gets bail after 4 months in jail", "text": "COIMBATORE: MRP Ravanan, a close-aide-turned-foe of Chief Minister J Jayalalithaa and her friend Sasikalaa, was released from Coimbatore Central Prison here on Tuesday evening after he obtained bail in five separate cases charged against him in Coimbatore, Vellore and Chennai.Ravanan reportedly went to his residence in Ramanathapuram in the city soon after his release. He was in prison for four months. The state police had charged five criminal cases against him starting with a case of criminal intimidation and abduction of a Public Works Contractor after he declined to pay Raavanan a token advance of Rs 10 lakh in return for awarding government contracts to him. He was arrested from Coimbatore on January 27.A similar case was registered against him in Coimbatore on February 15 after an AIADMK member and a government contractor accused him and his personal assistant Mohan. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057400", "title": "Gridlock on Ring Road as trailer stuck", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 28-wheel trailer rammed a tree on the central verge near the Hyatt flyover and broke down near the foot of the flyover at Dhaula Kuan around 3.45am on Tuesday, triggering a major traffic snarl on Ring Road.Traffic cops first attempted to remove the trailer with regular cranes but had to call a special privately-owned crane for lifting heavier vehicles. The trailer was finally removed around 8.45am, affecting traffic on either side of the carriageway on Ring Road.\"Fortunately, the trailer was removed before it could seriously impact peak hour traffic. However, traffic was heavy on both sides of the carriageway as one carriageway was obstructed by the trailer and the other by the crane for towing away the vehicle,\" said a senior traffic police officer in charge of the area.Traffic snarls were reported from Dhaula Kuan till Ashram Chowk and heavy traffic congestion near the AIIMS flyover. Traffic police issued an advisory warning commuters of the snarl. Traffic was also affected on the opposite carriageway and was reported to be heavy at Dhaula Kuan and Delhi cantonment, said officials.The trailer was taken to RK Puram police station. tnnA senior police officer said the driver had swerved to avoid a collision with another car. \"The driver has told police that he had to swerve to avoid collision and had rammed the tree as a result. We will register a case accordingly,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059957", "title": "Government rules out changes in norms for drought relief", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP walked out of Rajya Sabha as the government ruled out any changes in norms till 2015 for providing relief in cases of drought.The opposition members were not satisfied by the government's reply on discussion on drought situation in Karnataka. The MPs demanded changes in norms for enhancement of compensation for drought.Replying to the debate, minister of state for agriculture Harish Rawat said the norms were fixed on the recommendations of the 13th Finance Commission.\"The Finance Commission is an independent organisation and even the government of India has no interference ... For changing the norms, we will have to wait till 2015,\" he said.The minister said a central team will visit drought-hit Karnataka again on May 13 to assess the situation. This will be the second time in five months that a central team will visit the state following demands for enhancement of compensation through an all-party memorandum given by state chief minister recently.He dismissed allegations by the opposition about Centre \"delaying\" grant of compensation to the state and being \"insensitive\" to the situation and said the opposition was giving a \"political flavour\" to it.Raising the issue, the opposition lashed out at the Centre for adopting a \"callous and casual\" approach towards drought-hit Karnataka and sought an immediate interim relief of Rs 1,500 crore.BJP's M Venkaiah Naidu slammed the government for its \"lax\" and \"insensitive\" attitude towards the issue even as crops in Karnataka have withered.\"I don't know if this inaction is politically motivated, or they are ignoring some states or all states are being treated like this,\" he questioned.Several other members also raised the issue of drought-like situation in other states like Maharashtra and Andhra Pradesh.BJP MP Maya Singh , meanwhile, slammed the government for not providing jute bags to Madhya Pradesh , saying that grains were lying in the open due to shortage of bags.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058200", "title": "Now RAC passengers to get bedrolls", "text": "NAGPUR: Now train passengers in air-conditioned coaches having reservation against cancellation (RAC) will also get bedrolls. They will be made available in passenger trains across Central Railways.Central Railway general manager Subodh Jain announced this after the issue was raised by Pravin Dabli, zonal railway users consultative committee (ZRUCC) member and others. RAC passengers are not entitled for bedrolls despite paying full fare.Jain, who was on a routine inspection visit of the Nagpur division, told reporters, that Central Railway performance was quite good despite constraints. \"We have managed to bring down our operating ratio,\" he said.On the budget decision to increase frequency of Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express, Jain said getting power engine was a problem but assured the train would start running daily within a month.Jain hoped that train movement from Nagpur would become more efficient once the route relay interlocking (RRI) system was in place. He said survey estimates for third line between Nagpur and Wardha were in final stages and it would take another two years to see physical progress.Jain stated he was not satisfied with catering services at Nagpur and said certain things were going out of hand. \"Still, we would improve the situation,\" he added. On integrated security system, Jain said tenders for Rs 38 crore project have been approved and a private firm has been shortlisted.When asked about stoppages to trains in Ajni, Jain said stoppages need infrastructure. During his daylong visit, Jain renamed the Ajni Colony entry point 'Rail Boulevard' street. Generally, such a street is tree-lined and landscaped, but the one renamed by Jain is neither. He also visited water recycling plant at Ajni and Guard Line, and inspected the coach maintenance depot at the station yard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058681", "title": "Karnataka State Open University puts off degree exams over paper leak", "text": "MYSORE: Suspecting leakage of question papers, Karnataka State Open University (KSOU) has postponed the remaining degree exams, to be held from May 9. The exams commenced on April 20.KSOU vice-chancellor KS Rangappa confirmed told TOI: \"We have decided to suspend all the remaining exams. The new dates will be announced in a couple of days.'' The exams were expected to be completed on May 24. Political science and public administration for final year BA students and education for second year BA students were to be held on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059425", "title": "Cultural events at city crossings on May 15", "text": "VARANASI: To make the campaign for saving Ganga more lively and effective and supporting the 'Ganga Tapasya' initiated by Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand (noted environmentalist Prof G D Agrawal), Ganga bhakts, including social activists and organisations under the banner of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam, will hold various programmes at 27 different crossings in the city on May 15.According to Swami Avimukteshwaranand, convener, Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam, events like 'kavi sammelan', 'bhajan kirtan', 'shankhnad', and other cultural programmes would be held at prominent crossings.These spots include crossings at Lahurabir, Asi, Shivala, Sonarpura, Bhelupura, Girija Ghar, Godowlia, Dasaswamedh, Chowk, Cantonment, Sigra, and Andhrapul, among others. According to the activists of Ganga Sewa Abhiyanam, the main purpose of these events would be to gain people's support for the ongoing 'Ganga Tapasya'. It may be mentioned here that supporting the uninterrupted flow of water in the Ganga, Swami Sanand is on fast-unto-death since May 2 and is admitted at divisional hospital, Kabir Chaura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058269", "title": "Man arrested for killing nephew", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police have arrested a 33-year-old hotel worker who killed his 11-year-old nephew and fled from the city a month ago.The Mirchowk police arrested Mohammed Irfan of Panjesha. Two years ago, he lodged a complaint with the Mirchowk police alleging that his two-year-old daughter Ruksar was missing. Irfan told the cops that he suspected his brother-in-law Feroz Ahmed and sister Razia's role in the incident.Police interrogated the couple and found that they did not know anything about the missing girl. After a few months, Feroz along with his family moved to his native place in Uttar Pradesh. In January 2012, Irfan went to Feroz's house in Uttar Pradesh to search for his missing daughter. As he could not find Ruksar there, Irfan caught hold of Feroz's 11-year-old son Iqbal and brought him to Hyderabad. \"Irfan told Feroz that he will return Iqbal only if he gets his daughter back,\" Mirchowk inspector S Venkata Reddy said. After a few months, Iqbal began creating trouble saying that he wanted to go back to his parents. Not to let the boy leave the house, Irfan began tying him up with chains. He even gagged the boy so that neighbours would not hear his screams, the inspector said.On April 9, when Iqbal was crying profusely, Irfan lost his cool and hit the boy on the head with a screw driver. The boy suffered severe injuries and died on the spot. Panicked, Irfan immediately locked the house and fled with his wife Shakina and his second daughter.A few days after the murder, Ruksana called up her house owner Rizwan of Maharashtra and informed him about the incident. Based on the complaint lodged by Rizwan, police entered the house and shifted the decomposed body for post-mortem. Subsequently, police wooed Irfan to come to the city through his friends and nabbed him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "the key players of the eagerly anticipated ferrari ki sawaari", "code": "13062138", "title": "Ferrari Ki Sawaari rolls out to reveal child star", "text": "The key players of the eagerly anticipated Ferrari Ki Sawaari: director Rajesh Mapuskar, writer Rajkumar Hirani and leading man Sharman Joshi came together for a media interaction on Tuesday at a suburban theatre.Among the event's main highlights, the star of the film namely the child who plays Sharman's son was revealed as part of the song Maara Re.While the kid wasn't there, the uncanny resemblance he bears to Sachin Tendulkar during his growing up years was obvious from the promo. Things like certain batting postures, the slight bending of the leg at the batting crease, etc. were giveaways that the makers have been inspired by more than just the master blaster's Ferrari.Later, Rajesh and Raju shared an interesting anecdote. Many years ago, over multiple glasses of beer, Raju, who was very impressed with Rajesh's work as assistant director on Lage Raho... and 3 Idiots, had, in an unguarded moment, told him that whenever Rajesh directed a film, he would personally write the dialogues for it.While Raju stopped having beer with Rajesh ever since that day, hoping Rajesh would forget what he had promised in a drunken state, Rajesh, being Rajesh, remembered and actually asked him to pen the dialogues of Ferrari...What followed was, in Raju's own words at the launch, \"I ended up spending six months on it.\" And Vidhu Vinod Chopra joked, \"I thought you (Raju) did it for the love of your assistant.\"And that wasn't the only instance the trio shared. Apparently, at some point, Raju had thought aloud , \"I will write dialogues the entire night and give them to Rajesh the next day only to be told Arre sir, majaa nahi aaya, phir se likhna padega.\"To which, another rejoinder by Chopra followed, \"Raju got a taste of his own medicine. When I wrote the dialogues for Lage Raho and 3 idiots, he would do the same with me.\" When Sharman was asked about a possible marketing strategy, Chopra's wit surfaced once again, \"There is a big marketing strategy where we will make Sharman dress as a superhero in black chaddis and make him dance at various malls.\"And asked why the kid who bore a likeness to Sachin was missing from the event, Chopra clarified, \"He will appear only after the film is released.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059104", "title": "It's tough to get bank lockers in Indore", "text": "INDORE: The habit of keeping valuables at friends' house while going out of the city is a growing trend among the Indoreans. Though this option is often found to be unfeasible due to fear of burglary, the outstation goers complain that getting a bank locker facility is a much complicated process. It raises doubt over the tall claims of banks' frequent announcements that the lockers are available for public.Kamal Kishore is one of the victims, who lost his 48 tola jewellery from the house of his friend during a burglary. He had kept the gold with his friend while going out of Indore. Robbers struck at his friend's house and decamped with valuables including the 48 tola of gold kept there.Talking to ToI, Kishore claimed that he had approached two banks but their conditions for hiring a locker were very complicated. He said, \"I had approached two nationalised banks and officials of one nationalised banks demanded Rs 2 lakh as deposit against allotting a locker, while another bank refused saying that they do not have the facility at present.\"He said that bank lockers were not easily available in the city and therefore, he had to keep the jewellery at the house of his friend or relatives whenever he had to go out of the city. Kishore's stolen jewellery is yet to be recovered.When contacted Dena Bank's chief manager Jai Kumar Jain said that all the lockers in the have been hired. He said that there are only a few conditions for hiring lockers with one of them being the customers have to open a fix deposit account with a minimum amount of Rs 5,000. Jain further said that there are three types of locker facilities available with bank namely small, medium and big at Rs 1,000, Rs 2,500 and Rs 3,000 respectively for a period of six months.Regional manager at Central Bank of India HB Pentola said his bank has locker facilities. \"If the number of people seeking for locker goes up to 35, then the bank arranges another cabin,\" he said adding that the bank does not force anybody to open an account for providing locker facility. The charge for the locker facility goes up to Rs 5,000 depending on the category of the locker.CSP, Vijay Nagar, Amrendra Singh, who is dealing with a theft held in his area, underlined the importance of lockers and said that people should opt for proper arrangement like bank lockers to keep their valuables safe, instead of going for easy and cost-free ways.Citing the example of Kamal Kishore, the CSP said that when the theft had taken place, there were no family members at the house, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060113", "title": "Gupta ex-officio UP State Industrial Development Corporation chief", "text": "LUCKNOW: Infrastructure and industrial development commissioner Anil Kumar Gupta on Tuesday was appointed ex-officio chairman of UP State Industrial Development Corporation. The post was lying vacant ever since the Samajwadi Party shunted out the corporation's former boss, Navneet Sehgal, immediately after the government formation on March 15, 2012.With Gupta's appointment as chairman of UPSIDC, the state government has once again, reversed the original system where IIDCs were also appointed ex-officio heads of the development corporation. The system was, however, tampered with during the former BSP regime when former Mayawati aide and minister Babu Singh Kushwaha took charge as UPSIDC chairman when senior IAS officer Anoop Mishra was the IIDC.As the chairman of the corporation, Gupta has his work cut out from day one. First, a can of worms has opened with irregularities relating to recruitments in UPSIDC coming to the fore. In addition, after Kushwaha's stint as UPSIDC chief, the state government also effected changes in the laws governing allocation of land.One such example of how the government system was callously reworked was the BSP government's decision to allow private players up to 10 years to set up an industry on land allotted to them by the state government.This not only resulted in delayed industrialisation in the state, but also allowed private parties to accrue monetary benefits over a period of time. \"We will now have to re-examine many of these decision by taking by them to the corporation's board. The 10-year lease clause should ideally be reduced to three years. A decision in this regard will be taken,\" Gupta said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059671", "title": "On a high, Mumbai ready for Bangalore", "text": "MUMBAI: As Team Mumbai and Team Bangalore square off in a potentially mouth-watering IPL clash at the Wankhede Stadium on Wednesday night, you can't but marvel at how both teams are battling similar problems. Barring the fact that the hosts are third on the points table, compared to the men-in-red's fifth, both Mumbai and Bangalore, have an identical tale to narrate in IPL 5.The teams have overly depended on two batsmen to either set a big score or chase down totals. While Mumbai must thank Rohit Sharma (293 runs from 11 games @29.30) and Ambati Rayudu (208 runs from 11 matches @34.66) for scripting unbelievable heists, the visitors have engineered miraculous jailbreaks through the efforts of West Indies' Chris Gayle (433 runs from 10 games) and talented South African, AB de Villiers (292 runs from 11 matches).There's another similarity in the form of underperforming captains, but world class spinners at the international level, leading the teams. Harbhajan Singh, captain of Mumbai, may have got 406 sticks in 98 Tests, but in 11 games this IPL, he has picked up five wickets at 50.20. Meanwhile, Team Bangalore skipper Daniel Vettori has also 'grabbed' five wickets at 47. He too has 359 Test scalps in 111 Tests.Mind you, both have economy rates of 6.78 and 6.71 respectively , which for a spinner, are excellent. Vettori, though, even dropped himself in the last game to accommodate Muralitharan and may do that again. Want more? Sample this. Both have an interesting home record against each other . Mumbai haven't beaten Bangalore at their traditional home venues, Wankhede Stadium and the CCI. (They beat them in the semifinal of IPL three, but that was held at the DY Patil ground, which is not their home venue). Bangalore too haven't beaten Mumbai at Chinnaswamy.The two teams have also come off stunning wins over the weekend. Mumbai beat Chennai thanks to Dwayne Smith's pyrotechnics in the last over, while Bangalore mastered Hyderabad, after De Villiers showed a combination of hockey, cricket and fencing skills during his 17-ball stay.The one thing that separates the two teams though is bowling . Mumbai have perhaps the best T20 bowler in history, Lasith Malinga. With 20 wickets from just eight games, the Sri Lankan slinger, has made a stunning return after missing three games due to a back injury . He averages a surreal 8.45 per wicket and consumes a batsman every 9.4 balls. What's more, in a format where an economy rate of seven runs per over, is considered acceptable, he concedes just 5.36 per over.Any guesses who Harbhajan will throw the ball to if and when Gayle and De Villiers get going? With almost 60% of the matches ending in the last over, punters betting on another close finish should go home rich. PS: A word of caution for those sitting in the North and South stands. Wear a nose mask. With short straight boundaries, you're right in Gayle's zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "13058308", "title": "BDCCB gets 52% of crop loan disbursal target in district", "text": "BHANDARA: Lead district bank of Bhandara has announced the credit plan for banks in the district. It has set a target of crop loan disbursal at Rs 252 crore for nationalized, rural and cooperative banks, of which Rs 130 crore target has been given to Bhandara District Central Cooperative Bank (BDCCB).Banking experts have said that this is a systematic attempt by the state government to shut down the cooperative banking system even as 2012 is being marked as the International Cooperative Year and is also the centenary of late Yashwantrao Chavan, who is the pioneer of cooperative movement in the state.Bhandara district has 15 nationalized banks operating through 59 branches in semiurban and rural areas, Vainganga Krishna Rural Bank has 21 branches while BDCCB operates through 29 branches. The total deposits of nationalized and rural banks of the district is Rs 1612.85 crore while deposits of BDCCB is Rs 550.91 crore.Despite these figures, the crop loan target for nationalized banks is only Rs 122 crore while the target for BDCCB is Rs 130 crore. Ideally, more deposits a bank has, the more branches it should have, and the higher its target should be. But BDCCB has 52% share of target while the 15 nationalized banks have just 48% of the target.Nabard and the lead district bank decide the target of crop loans but cooperative bank officials question the login, if any, behind these targets.BDCCB chairman Sunil Funde says that if such practice continues then cooperative banks will face economic doom, as there is only 50% recovery of crop loans at the most. This increases non-performing assets of cooperative banks, which is dangerous for their health.\"We are committed to serving the farmers of the district, but government compels us to extend crop loans to farmers. There should be a mechanism for setting the target of crop loans according to proportion of deposits of banks operating in the district. Last year, chief minister had convened a meeting of bankers and specifically told them to release more funds for crop loans, but bankers did not take it seriously. This issue should be discussed at the state level, and burden on cooperative banks reduced. Cooperative banks are passing through very crucial financial situation, if this continues then their existence will be in danger,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "the answer is simple", "code": "13058794", "title": "What steps should the govt take to tackle the pollution as a fallout of mining in Maharashtra?", "text": "The answer is simple: We need to stop all mining that affects rivers in Maharashtra and Goa. Mining in Goa is affecting the Mandovi, Zuari and Khushawati rivers. Let us not make this a Goa v/s Maharashtra issue, since our government too has not been able to stop mining from affecting our rivers. The authorities need to take a stand and ask for all mining affecting rivers to be stopped, irrespective of whether they are in Maharashtra or Goa.Sebastian RodriguesGoa convener, Bharat Mukti Morcha, siolimThe authorities could conduct appropriate tests and check corresponding pollution levels. A report should be sent to the government of Maharashtra and they should take up this issue with the authorities in their state. Our state government needs to ensure that Goans are not a contributing cause to the pollution of these rivers.Reuben CoutinhoSoftware engineer, MargaoOur state government is careless about the state's water bodies. If the state government has not been able protect a river Mhadei, how can we expect the authorities to care for a river that affects a small population in Pernem taluka. This is a political issue. Maharashtra minister Narayan Rane is protecting the interests of the Kalne mines there. He has been in touch with the authorities of the previous government, as well as the current government.Ramesh Gaunssocial activist, BicholimThe government has done nothing to regulate the 37 mining leases surrounding the Khandepar river, which supplies water to over 30% of Goa's population. The state government cannot wash its hands off and say the pollution problem lies with Maharashtra. The government must view this problem seriously, and study the present state of rivers flowing from Maharashtra. Further, the water resources department and pollution control boards of both states should meet and discuss all aspects to find a solution. Rules should be put in place to regulate ground water in mining pits. Where there is political will, there will be a way.Caroline CollassoAdvocate, Mapusa", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059337", "title": "Palande wed German with Sood\u2019s \u2018consent\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Interrogators of double murder accused Vijay Palande have learned that he first married co-accused and model, Simran Sood, and after coming out of jail, also wed German national Nives Ligensa in 2010 with permission from Sood.Palande told the police that he and Sood are very close to each other but due to circumstances, they mutually agreed to choose new partners. Palande said it did not matter whom Sood married but he was sure that \"she will always come to me for help when in trouble''.Palande met Sood while he was with Copper Chimney restaurant in Andheri, and after a brief relationship, they married in 1998. After killing Anup Das and his father Swaraj Ranjan Das that year, Palande grabbed the deceased's flat in Juhu. Palande stayed there along with Sood till his arrest in the murder case, when she was forced to vacate the flat.Palande was soon convicted in the murder case. Sood was struggling financially but always helped Palande and often visited him in jail. During this period, Palande discussed with Sood her life without him and suggested she opt for a new partner. Palande was released on parole and jumped it in 2004-05. He then created a new identity and lived with Sood, posing as her brother.Sood entered into a relationship with Gautam Vora in 2006 and Palande with Ligensa, who had come to India to attend a seminar and would often shuttle between India and Germany. Palande told her that he was in the import/export business.Palande was arrested again in 2007 in a fake passport case and Simran Sood helped in his release.Palande married Ligensa in 2010. Sood was facing a hard time that time as Vora got very close to model Viveka Babajee. Vora told the police that he had a three-month relationship with Babajee and she decided to marry him, but committed suicide, blaming him for it.An officer said Palande never objected to Sood's relationships with anyone as she had to decide about her life.\"Palande is confident that whenever he needs SimranSood's help, she will always be there,\" the officer said, and added that it was only a \"marriage of convenience\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13061109", "title": "China to re-investigate alleged 'human capsules' made from fetuses", "text": "BEIJING: China has said it will reinvestigate allegations that some local factories produce \" human capsules\" containing remains of dead babies, and they are being smuggled to South Korea.Ministry of health spokesman Deng Haihua has said the ministry had launched an investigation into the matter last August but found no proof of it. He went on to say that his ministry will work with police, customs agencies and commerce authorities to investigate the allegations that have been made in the Korean media.The issue came to light after Korea Customs Service recently announced it had seized capsules made in northeastern China from dead babies whose bodies were chopped into small pieces and dried on stoves before being turned into powder.South Korea offers a good market for capsules made of aborted fetuses because many Koreans believe they contain health benefits and are capable of curing several diseases.The South Korean customs agency said it began investigating the issue after receiving a tip a year ago. It said no case of sicknesses have been reported by ingesting the capsules although they contain bacteria and other harmful ingredientsIt said Customs officials have discovered 35 attempts at smuggling 17,450 capsules disguised as stamina boosters since last August. Some people believe the capsules are a panacea for disease. However, they, the customs agency said.Deng said there are strict rules on the disposal of the remains of dead infants, aborted fetuses and placentas, which are categorized as human remains and banned from being disposed of as medical waste. Medical institutions and their staff are forbidden to trade human remains, including placentas, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058270", "title": "'Indecent' principal sacked", "text": "HYDERABAD: Enraged with the behaviour of their principal, students of a hotel management college at Alwal staged a protest and damaged office furniture on Tuesday. The students finally called off the protest after the college management dismissed the principal. On Tuesday morning, students of Dr Narayana College of Hotel Management at Father Balaiah Nagar in Old Alwal staged a protest in front of the college alleging that principal Amitabh Das had made indecent remarks against girl students during lab examination held on Monday evening.\"The students alleged that the principal made abusive remarks against the girl students for not wearing sari, which is the dress code for the day,\" Alwal inspector Pushpan Kumar said. No cases were registered as neither the students nor the college management lodged any complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13058135", "title": "Food innovators fly down for a taste of India", "text": "BANGALORE:Even as global fast-food chains like McDonald's and KFC attempt to woo the Indian customer with Indianised (read spicier) versions of their classics, finding such variants on the menus of a New York deli or a London cafe could soon be a reality as well. According to chefs from Custom Culinary, a division of Griffith Laboratories, the US-based global manufacturer of food products, Indian spices, flavours and tastes have shifted from being branded as 'exotic' to being much sought-after, much in the way that Mexican, Thai or Italian flavours have become part of a mainstream global food culture.In order to prepare their chefs for this potential jump in Indian food's popularity, Custom Culinary and Griffith, which create bases, sauces and gravies for industrial use and supermarket shelves, have flown down 16 of their top chefs from across the world to India to learn the basics of Indian cooking. In Bangalore, the chefs, who are from Spain, Canada , Mexico, USA, Australia and the UK , made a two-day stopover to attend day-long cooking sessions at Le Meridien Hotel for South Indian food and at Indian fine-dining restaurant Tattva for a taste of North-Indian cooking.\"There is tremendous excitement about authentic Indian food,\" said an excited Scott Gilbert , director of culinary at Custom Culinary Inc, a subsidiary of Griffith Laboratories. \"We came here and we saw nothing but inspiration.\"According to Gilbert, although what has passed for Indian food in the West continues to be popular - chicken tikka masala's reign is not quite over, in other words - there is increasing demand for the authentic Indian taste in the form of 'real' dishes and not their watered down versions. \"The Americanised Indian restaurants are going away,\" said Gilbert.On day two of the chefs' culinary journey at Tattva, the day's menu consisted of 25 dishes made from scratch over the course of a morning spent over a smoking hot tandoor, grills and tawaas. The menu consisted of kababs, curries, biriyani and bread. \"We made sure each item followed a different base ingredient. So we had dishes made with basic gravies like brown, yellow, makhani, malai and khada masala (whole spices),\" said Sajit Chacko, managing partner of AST Foods that runs Tattva, Umerkot and Cloud Bar.\"I love to bake bread. Watching the chef operate the tandoor was terrific. I'm now trying to figure out how to create a perfect naan without using a tandoor oven, but I'm afraid it looks tough,\" said Mike Speranza, corporate executive chef of Custom Culinary. Speranza also confessed to be intrigued by the variety in Indian cooking and the difference between flavours in South and North Indian food, especially given that many of the base spices and ingredients remain the same. \"South Indian food has great, bold flavours without being overwhelming,\" he said.On the menuCoolers: Mango lassi, aam pannaKebabs: Khatti macchli tikki, Gilafi seekh kabab, Zafrani malai kababCurries: Nalli Gosht, Hyderabadi kheema, Mirchi Ka SaalanRice and bread: Hyderabadi dum biriyani, garlic naan, Baida rotiAccompaniments: Kalonji adrak, papaya chutney", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058400", "title": "Hanuman Nagar residents begin night patrolling", "text": "NAGPUR: Residents of Hanuman Nagar and Professors' colony, left hassled by a gang of thieves having unbridled run in their locality, have started patrolling the lanes instead of relying on police. With their repeated pleas to Ajni police failing to elicit any response, residents are shouldering the responsibility by turns to keep vigil during the vulnerable hours.The residents said there had been more than two dozen thefts in Hanuman Nagar and Professors' colony in the last few weeks. Residents claimed only a handful opted to register a complaint with the police as most thought it would be of no use. The thieves, apart from valuables, targeted vehicles too. Intriguingly, the gang showed an uncanny interest in stealing logos of sophisticated four-wheelers.The citizens sounded disappointed with the attitude of Ajni police. The police gave several reasons for not being able to help citizens. A few cops even left the citizens amused by stating it would be difficult for them patrol on bikes as the department was not keen to shell out any special allowances for additional work.Sharad Deshpande, a resident of Professors' colony, said citizen patrolling was helped with some assistance from police. \"Students from V to XII standards had been patrolling the locality between midnight to early hours. One of the youngsters had nearly nabbed a suspect but he managed to slip away,\" said Deshpande. He said there had been five thefts, including three registered at police station, at their localities in quick succession within last three weeks. \"Police had joined in our endeavour but their enthusiasm is decreasing with time,\" he said.A citizen from Hanuman Nagar said the thieves seemed to be enjoying an unbridled run in their locality. Nilesh Pathak, \"A bike was stolen and later traced in the vicinity as the thieves were unable to start it. There was theft of cash and other valuables from Narendra Thakur's house,\" said Pathak.Sandeep Gujar, another resident of Hanuman Nagar, said the thieves seem to be also using innovative tactics like adding tranquilizing liquid to water of coolers to rob the houses. \"They even spent a night at the place they had broken into for stealing,\" said Gujar.Ajni division ACP GM Sakharkar said they would help citizens and address their grievances. \"We will provide support to the citizens if they want to ensure better security,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060114", "title": "Citizens' groups uphold merits of underground metro project", "text": "PUNE: Citizens groups want the state government to carry out a detailed study and evaluate the underground metro with an environmental impact assessment.Utility and cost effectiveness for the next hundred years should be the criteria for the metro rail project, the groups said. They submitted a memorandum to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan recently.The groups include National Society for Clean Cities, PMP Pravasi Manch, Pedestrians First, former managing director of Konkan Railway Corporation Ketan Gokhale, and town planning expert Pratap Rawal. They said the government should consider the views of all experts before taking a final decision about the metro rail project based on a comparative cost-benefit analysis.\"A serious study of the better alternative of underground metro has not been done. A decision is being taken on the basis of cost as per recommendations of the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation. This is not in the best interest of the city,\" they said.On Saturday, deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who was in the city for the presentation of the ring road project for Pune and Pimpri-Chinchwad, had said that the state government will clear the 14.295-km Vanaz-Ramwadi elevated rail corridor proposal later this week. \"There is no confusion about it (metro project). I will take the proposal to the chief minister and it should be cleared by the state cabinet next week,\" he had said.Incidentally, the NCP, over the past six months, had been insisting that the city should have an underground metro project. Last month, the party changed track. It said that considering the cost factor, the city should have an elevated metro. The memorandum by the citizens groups has come in the wake of the statements made by Pawar last week.The groups said that there are serious concerns about the elevated metro from Vanaz to Ramwadi. High passenger density locations such as Shivajinagar railway station, Shivajinagar ST bus stand, Pune railway station, and Pune station ST bus stand have not been covered by the route. \"This will not be the case with an underground metro which will pass below the railway stations and ST stands giving direct access to the metro station. This will be convenient and passengers will use the underground metro,\" the memorandums said.The groups stated that parking space will not be available in the vicinity of the elevated metro stations as the route runs along congested roads. People located away from metro route will not find it convenient to travel up to the metro station using their own vehicles. Thus, the metro will not be able to serve larger areas away from metro stations.\"Vanaz-Ramwadi route is a low passenger density route as per the DMRC's report. The proposed elevated metro will not be of expected use to a majority,\" the groups said.Other problems cited were that the route passes through fully developed, densely populated areas and highly congested roads. \"Construction of elevated metro on this route with large columns in the middle and huge metro stations will have several practical problems such as land acquisition, demolition of buildings, shifting of underground utilities, metro alignment on existing roads with flyovers and sharp turns, besides hurdles in obtaining various statutory permissions. These problems will severely hamper the metro project,\" the citizens said. They added that the same problems have been experienced with metros in Mumbai, Bangalore, and Jaipur. The groups said that an underground metro would leave the entire road space for vehicular traffic.The citizens' groups have said that the city's bus service needs urgent improvement. An efficient bus service is needed as a feeder service for the metro to be successful. Bus service in the city is poor and needs upgradation. In the last two years, the civic administration and the government should have taken measures for working out suitable solutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "13060510", "title": "\u2018Warmth across the border was infectious\u2019", "text": "ATTARI: India's top industry leaders were all praise for the warmth and hospitality that greeted them on Lahore's famous food street. When shopkeepers discovered that the group of tourists sampling their fare on Monday evening were businesspersons from India, there was no holding back the welcome. \"Oh you are from India, please come and eat with us, we will not charge you\" was the refrain, said a delighted Sudhir Kapur, CMD of Country Strategy Business Consultants.Kapur said, \"The welcome from ordinary people was phenomenal and for people like me who were born in Lahore, it was like a homecoming.\" He added that his place of birth is now mentioned in his passport as \"undivided India\".After a hectic day of the Aman ki Asha conference where \"we met several illustrious businessmen who believe in forging economic ties and leave behind political rhetoric\", said Kapur, moving around Lahore's markets added to the positive experience. \"Everywhere we went, once people found out we were from India, they came up and exchanged greetings.\"Appreciating the Aman Ki Asha initiative of The Times of India and Pakistan's Jang Group, MD of Radisson Hotel Rajan Gill said, \"It was great interacting with Pakistan's business captains, their PM and other ministers. If both countries were to tread the path of peace there would be zero politics and 100% business\". He observed that the time had come for both countries to concentrate on funding projects along with meetings on social occasions. Expressing hope for a relaxed visa regime, Gill said a liberal flow of people of both countries to the other's nation would help shed differences.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13059079", "title": "Youth protests in front of MS University seeking PhD seat", "text": "MADURAI: A parotta master at a roadside eatery, on Tuesday staged a sit-in protest inside the Manonmaniam Sundaranar University (MSU) alleging that few faculty members as well as the students there were hindering his efforts to pursue PhD.The youth, Mohamed Khan, a native of Thalayuthu near Tirunelveli, hails from a financially-poor background and was working as a parotta master even as he studied. Khan, who visited the university on Tuesday morning sat inside the department of criminology and demanded that he be admitted as a PhD scholar.However, a senior faculty in the criminology department said that Khan, who had some time back registered for PhD in the university, withdrew from the course after a girl student complained that he assaulted her.\"Now, the university is ready to offer him a PhD seat. But let him find a guide to pursue the course,\" he said.Khan completed M Sc in criminology in 2009 and immediately registered for a PhD in the department. However, about two years after he registered for PhD, a girl student from the department claimed that Khan had abused her.During an inquiry by the university, Khan offered to withdraw from the course and gave it in writing. However, few months later, he visited the department and expressed his interest to pursue the course.\"But the faculty members in the department are not entertaining me. They are deliberately thwarting my attempts to complete PhD,\" he told reporters adding that a few students were also threatening him not to visit the department.The faculty members in the department had refused to take him as a scholar. \"He has hurled abuses on all of us. He has also sent derogatory messages to us on our mobile phones. How can we guide such a student? But it is true that he comes from a poor family and has struggled a lot. We want to help him. If he finds a suitable guide, the university would offer him PhD,\" said a senior faculty member.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057757", "title": "Pranab seeks support for oil subsidy cut, reforms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday called for a combined effort to bring down fuel subsidies and urged the Opposition to back the government's move to get economic reforms back on track. Replying to the debate on the Finance Bill in Lok Sabha , Mukherjee assured that there was no cause for panic over the economic situation and reiterated the government's commitment to keep the fiscal deficit in check.Mukherjee said the investment climate could be revived if the financial sector reforms and major tax reforms were approved.The rising subsidy bill has triggered demand for increasing fuel prices but the government has so far resisted any such move for fear of stoking inflation and inviting a political backlash. \"....but I am asking through my observations and appealing to all stakeholders, political parties represented in Parliament, in the state assemblies, state governments that we have to address this issue.What should we do? Under-recoveries of oil marketing companies would be Rs 1,39,000 crore,\" Mukherjee said while highlighting the problem of huge subsidies and the need to repair public finances in his hour-long speech.\"Right now, the subsidies which we are providing or the under-recoveries which are there, whatever term you may use, in case of diesel, it is Rs 14.50 per litre; in case of kerosene, it is Rs 31.88 per litre and in case of LPG, it is Rs 412 per cylinder of 14 kg. That is the subsidy which we are providing.Is it possible to maintain this level of subsidy?\" Mukherjee said, adding raising fuel prices would have an impact on consumers and impact the \"already volatile inflationary situation\".He said the government will have to mobilize resources as without fiscal consolidation, it would be difficult to bring the economy back on the growth path. \"Yes, it is a very difficult task. It is a stupendously difficult task. But alwaysI shall have to keep in mind that current account deficit of 4%, fiscal deficit of 5.9% - can the economy bear it?\" he said. \"Should we then come back to the path of restoration, recovery, collection and for that, certain strong measures are required. It becomes easier, to take the strong measures. If we can do that, yes, we can say, and I don't say it is not fully justified.\"Mukherjee said the level of foreign exchange reserves was enough compared to 1991 to deal with the situation. \"I do agree that the current account deficit is a matter of concern. If there is a crisis in food, it does not mean that we shall have to start eating lizards. The situation is not that difficult today.Of course, it is a difficult situation, but we can overcome that situation as we have overcome in the past.\" FM said, adding that he had taken note of the global ratings agency Standard &amp; Poor's downgrade of its rating outlook.\"The corrective measure is that we shall have to confine our fiscal deficit. The corrective measure is that we shall have to ensure the environment for investment, for more flow of fund and more flow of technology but at the same time, keeping our eyes on the factors which I described as domestic demand driven growth factors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058317", "title": "'High loss divns won't be spared'", "text": "NAGPUR: MSEDCL has once again warned the consumers living in high loss divisions that unless they stopped power pilferage they will have to face prolonged power cuts.\"If we supply power to these consumers, honest people will have to pay through their nose for electricity or else face load-shedding. Why should we do this injustice,\" Anil Khaparde, regional executive director of MSEDCL told reporters on Tuesday.MSEDCL has issued a new load-shedding protocol wherein urban divisions with losses below 34% do not face power cuts but those having more than that face load-shedding from 5.30 hours to as many as 11 hours.A consumer body MRVGS moved the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission (MERC) claiming that this was against the Commission's load-shedding principles. The hearing is on May 16.MSEDCL, however, stresses it has not violated MERC's protocol as the Commission itself said that power pilferers needed to be punished. Moreover, Supreme Court has directed distribution companies to supply power to only those who pay for it. The officials wonder as to whose cause MRVGS was espousing.Khaparde further said that MSEDCL had fulfilled its promise of making the state load-shedding free by 2012.\"Shortfall is between 1,000 and 1,500 MW. We can easily bridge this gap by purchasing power from exchanges and traders but the problem is that selling electricity to high losses areas will push the tariff up steeply. We have no choice. Losses in a division are as high as 83% (Jalna II). Only stringent measures will work there,\" he added.Khaparde said Vidarbha's situation in this regard was very good. \"Only five out of 31 divisions here face load-shedding. All of them are in Amravati division. Achalpur has the highest losses at 69%,\" he informed. MSEDCL chief engineers Mohan Zode, K V Ajnalkar and Balwant Dongre appealed to the consumers to take advantage of the company's amnesty scheme and clear their arrears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13058802", "title": "Gold dealers celebrate excise roll-back", "text": "MARGAO: Celebrating the central government's decision to completely roll back excise duty on branded and unbranded jewellery, the Goa Gold Dealers Association (GGDA) thanked chief minister Manohar Parrikar , Margao MLA Digambar Kamat and state MPs Francisco Sardinha and Shantaram Naik for helping them fight their cause. GGDA members had observed a bandh in March to protest the central Budget to levy import duty of 4% on standard gold, 1% excise duty and imposition of consumer tax.\"The difference is that we were against excise law by itself and not against tax, and in this case, the law was very systemic and well planned but we are an unorganized sector and these two were just not tallying,\" said GGDA president Vikram Verkelar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060458", "title": "Southern Command head quarter to 'suitably use' President 'home'", "text": "PUNE: The Southern Command headquarters here is working on a \"suitable alternative use\" proposal for the post-retirement home in the Khadki cantonment that President Pratibha Patil decided to forgo following a public outcry. Construction at the site is still on and officials said the place would be used for the \"benefit\" of the HQ.The contract to build the bungalow has been given by the Military Engineering Services (MES) under the aegis of Commander Works Engineers (CWE), Khadki, which comes under the HQ.During an interaction with the media on Tuesday, Command officials said a tract of land measuring 2.6 lakh sq ft was provided to Patil and a house with a plinth area of 4,500 sq ft is being built.Asked about the status of the construction work, Maj Gen S K Yadav said, \"Since so much money has been spent, suitable alternative use will be thought of. We cannot offer more on this.\"Asked under what rules the defence land, which is to be strictly used for military official purposes, was offered to the President for personal use, Yadav said, \"The ministry of defence is the competent authority which took the decision. Some sanctions are made keeping in mind the sentiments of the issue raised.\"Adding to this, Brig M S Jaswal, station commander, Pune, said, \"We cannot question every order. Some requests are honoured and this one (to allocate land for a bungalow for the President) came from the defence ministry.\"Jaiswal said, \"She (President) has declined (to stay here) and the chapter is closed. The structure (that is coming up) will be used for the benefit of the station. However, I cannot comment on the design and proposal for the use (of the structure) which is being discussed.\"The President decided to forgo the bungalow following a public outcry over allegations of improper allocation of defence land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13056748", "title": "AI pilot strike hits flights at Karipur airport", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Several international flights from the Karipur International Airport were hit due to the strike by a section of Air India pilots.Three international flights to various gulf countries were cancelled on Tuesday disrupting the travel plans of over 600 passengers.Debashis Golder, station head of Air India at Kozhikode, said Air India Express flights IX 337 from Kozhikode to Muscat, IX 389 to Kuwait and Air India flight AI 923 to Riyadh were cancelled due to unavailability of pilots.The Karipur airport witnessed angry protests by passengers who were stranded due to abrupt flight cancellations. The passengers were given refund of ticket charges and some were accommodated in alternative flights.\"We had announced the cancellation of the IX 337 flight to Muscat last night, but the other two flights had to be cancelled without providing any notice to passengers as the pilots who came from Mumbai did not turn up for work,\" said Debashis Golder.He added that there was a possibility of further cancellation of flights if the situation persisted. Meanwhile Air India Express has cancelled its two international flights scheduled for Wednesday. Flight IX 381 from Kozhikode to Damman and flight IX 343 to Dubai have been cancelled. Air India has advised the passengers to contact its office at the Karipur airport to confirm the status of their flights.Kozhikode: Several international flights from the Karipur International Airport were hit due to the strike by a section of Air India pilots.Three international flights to various gulf countries were cancelled on Tuesday disrupting the travel plans of over 600 passengers.Debashis Golder, Station Head of Air India at Kozhikode, said that Air India Express flights IX 337 from Kozhikode to Muscat, IX 389 to Kuwait and Air India flight AI 923 to Riyadh were cancelled due to unavailability of pilots.The Karipur Airport witnessed angry protests by passengers who were stranded at the airport due to abrupt flight cancellations. The passengers were given refund of ticket charges and some were accommodated in alternative flights.\"We had announced the cancellation of the IX 337 flight to Muscat last night, but the other two flights had to be cancelled without providing any notice to passengers as the pilots who came from Mumbai did not turn up for work,\" Debashis Golder said. He added that there was a possibility of further cancellation of flights if the situation persisted.Meanwhile Air India Express has cancelled its two international flights scheduled for Wednesday. Flight IX 381 from Kozhikode to Damman and flight IX 343 to Dubai have been cancelled. Air India has advised the passengers to contact its office at the Karipur Airport to confirm the status of their flights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059522", "title": "Sunnis to oppose RTE provisions on Friday", "text": "MUMBAI: Two weeks after the All-India Muslim Personal Law Board (AIMPLB) organized a protest rally at Azad Maidan against some provisions of the Right To Education (RTE) Act, groups of Sunni Muslims will hold another conclave in Bhiwandi on Friday. To be organized by groups like Raza Academy and Muslim Unity Foundation at the Dhobi Talao Stadium, the conclave 'Tahaffuz-e-Muslim Personal Law Conference' will see over a lakh Muslims demanding amendments to the Act.Although madrassas and vedic pathshalas have been excluded from the RTE purview, clerics feel the Act will pave the way for closure of madrassas.\"According to the RTE, every child in the age-group of 4 to 16 will be given free education at secular institutions. This is when Muslim children join madrassas to become hafiz and maulvis. No child will become a maulvi if he/she is stopped from attending madrassas till the age of 16,\" said Maulana Yusuf Raza, president of Raza Academy's Bhiwandi branch.The gathering will be addressed by a number of Sunni ulema, including UK-based Allama Qamaruzzaman Khan Azmi and Maulana Tauqeer Raza Khan, founder of Personal Law Jadeed, a Sunni group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059588", "title": "Man travelling on train roof suffers burns", "text": "MUMBAI: A 30-year-old rooftop traveller suffered severe burn injuries on Virar-bound fast local when he came in contact with a Over Head Equipment (OHE) wire in Kandivli on Tuesday evening.The man was taken to hospital and his condition is said to be serious.According to the Borivli GRP, \"Commuters panicked as they thought the coach had caught fire on seeing sparks and hearing sounds from the OHE.\" An emergency power block of 30 minutes was taken to remove the man.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058448", "title": "Zaffar Pahelwan's son Omar stabbed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mild tension prevailed in Shah Ali Banda in the Old City as Omar bin Hamza, son of Zaffar Pahelwan, was allegedly attacked by a resident of Barkas on Monday night. According to sources, Omar, 32, followed Awadh Badam, 35, who was going on a motorbike with a girl from Yakutpura, the locality where Zaffar Pahelwan lives. Omar stopped him near Shah Ali Banda and reportedly objected to him moving around with the girl from his locality. A scuffle ensued between the two and Badam reportedly took out a knife and stabbed Omar. Omar was taken to a private hospital where he was treated as out-patient. Cops from Hussaini- alam police station arrived and took Badam into custody.\"We have registered an attempt to murder case under Section 307 of the IPC against Badam and under Section 324 IPC (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) against Omar,\" inspector Hussainialam J Venkat Reddy said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059852", "title": "Jeanneret\u2019s furniture lies dumped in Panjab University", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Prized furniture items designed by celebrated architect Le Corbusier's cousin Pierre Jeanneret, gather dust and lie unattended in open at Panjab University's administrative block.Call it apathy of the PU staff who left these furniture items at the building's entrance during a recent shifting of rooms, or sheer lack of awareness, but the damage to these items has turned into an eyesore for visitors and students.Some of the oldest chairs and benches loaded with frivolous items and lunch boxes are dumped in a corner at the entrance. Incidentally, several furniture pieces that belong to PU, figure in the list of items submitted to UT administration carrying heritage value.\"Most furniture items at PU are of immense value because of Jeanneret's contribution and it must be preserved systematically. Valuing the heritage items is important and a committee must ensure that it is not further damaged,\" says Pradeep Kumar Bhagat, principal Chandigarh College of Architecture (CCA), who was a member of the UT heritage conservation committee. While the administrative block at PU is undergoing a revamp, commencing with accounts department that has already been modernized, university is yet to figure out a means to store the furniture.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13056722", "title": "RTI activist dies mysteriously, family says he was murdered", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of RTI activist Ravinder Balwani after a mysterious hit-and-run incident in the capital last month has sparked allegations of murder, with his family saying the 61-year-old was killed after repeated threats and that police were writing it off as an accident.Balwani, an aide of RTI activist Arvind Kejriwal and a member of his NGO, Parivartan, was hit by a car on April 23 and died of head injuries three days later. No arrests have been made and police claim there were no witnesses to the incident in Vasant Kunj market. Vasant Kunj (North) police said there was enough evidence that it was an accident, but they were ready to \"reinvestigate\" if the family sent a petition.Balwani's daughter, Sonia, said her father had been filing RTI queries since 2001. After he retired from Delhi Transco in 2010 as a manager, he had levelled graft charges against senior government officials and politicians. \"This earned him enemies. Before that, in 2009, he had complained to the Indraprastha police station SHO on getting threat calls,'' said Sonia, a physiotherapist. \"He was receiving so many threats that he stopped sharing them with us in the past year.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062300", "title": "Gitaz Bindrakhiya to take forward the legacy", "text": "Late Surjit Bindrakhiya's son, Gitaz Bindrakhiya, is all set to take forward the legacy of his father.Late Surjit Bindrakhiya was famed for his hekh, where he used to sing a note continuously in one breath. His hits include,'Dupatta Tera Satrang Da','Bas Kar Bas Kar','Tera Yaar Bolda'and 'Jatt Di Pasand'. He is considered to have one of the greatest voices in the history of Bhangra.Now with lyrics and presentation of Shamsher Sandhu, Gitaz will surely make his presence count. His first album, 'Jind Mahi', will be out on point zero.This is one of the most anticipated album in Bhangra Industry and the boy is sure to get all the support from the legends of the industry in his endeavour.Source: http://punjabimohalla.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058874", "title": "Class 12 textbooks to be distributed from May 12", "text": "CHENNAI: The state government has announced that the Class 12 textbooks are ready for distribution and will be made available for purchase on May 12 and 13 from the regional godowns after the Class 11 exam results are out. This news has put to rest talks that the higher secondary syllabus is set to change from this year.The Tamil Nadu Textbook Society has said that 51 titles of Class 12 textbooks, including Tamil, English, physics, chemistry, mathematics, biology, commerce and accountancy are ready.Around 64 lakh free copies and 16 lakh copies for distribution to students in private schools have been printed. The textbooks will also be available online on The free copies to be distributed to students in government and aided schools will reach the schools on May 10.The textbook society, which started distributing class 10 textbooks on April 26, and has so far sold 93% of them. For the convenience of students who have not been able to purchase the books so far, the textbook society has made the Class 10 textbooks available through retail bookshops from May 7.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059805", "title": "High court cancels allotment of 12 commercial sites", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Tuesday cancelled the allotment of 12 commercial sites on the east of Chandigarh-Kalka in the notified area committee (NAC), Manimajra. Cancelling the allotment, HC observed that these were made fraudulently by the UT officials.Directing the demolition of these sites, HC has asked the occupants of these sites to vacate these within three months.\"The case is an example where he people at the helm of affairs of NAC Manimajra, connected one way or the other with it, distributed 12 commercial sites amongst themselves while throwing all norms and rules relating to the sale of the property to the winds and by concealing the same from the public,\" held the court.Declaring the allotment process as full of arbitrariness, a division bench comprising Justice Hemant Gupta and Justice A N Jindal held that instead of throwing the public property in open auction so as to attract the highest bid and to generate the revenue of the state, the property was allotted by president and the secretary either to their relations or to the relatives of Deputy Commissioner, Chandigarh, or other officers directly or indirectly connected with the NAC.Importantly, these sites were allotted on July 2, 1979 by the NAC, when it was having six officials and five non-official members. At that time the NAC was headed by Hoshiar Singh, while Joginder Singh Walia was secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058426", "title": "Gir lioness loses tail to gangrene", "text": "AHMEDABAD: She has lost her tail to a war of supremacy on the periphery of Gir sanctuary! A young lioness had a narrow escape when gangrene infected her tail.The incident took place at Jasadhar range in Gir east when the forest officials realized that the lioness had a swollen tail , when they observed that a foul smell always seemed to envelop her.Deputy conservator of forest Anshuman Sharma said \"After assessing the situation, doctors were of the opinion that the gangrene has set in too deep and if the tail was not amputated, it might prove to be fatal for the lioness.\"The doctors then decided to carry out the operation without waiting for any further treatment and finally in order to save the gangrene from further advancing the lioness had to sacrifice her tail, said Sharma.\"When the lioness was rescued, we saw that the lower portion of her tail was missing. On investigation, we found that the lioness had injured herself in the territorial infighting,\" said officials.\"Usually, such minor injuries do not require treatment and the animal, by licking its wound, heal it. But in this case of this lioness had not only developed maggots but was also infected with gangrene.\"Initially, when the lioness was brought to the rescue centre at Jasadhar, she was treated with heavy antibiotics. But the treatment did not stop the advancing gangrene.Sharma said that he was posted in Gir for the past two years. This was probably the first incident that he came across where a body part of an animal had to be amputated because of gangrene. He said that the lioness was now stable since last four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058267", "title": "After giving water to AP, Maharashtra seeks relief from PM", "text": "NAGPUR: A hue and cry is being raised by leaders of western Maharashtra on the drought-like situation in their part of the state. According to Vidarbha Statutory Development Board expert member Madhukar Kimmatkar, the situation in every district of Vidarbha is far worse.On Tuesday, a high-power delegation led by chief minister Prithviraj Chavan, comprising senior ministers of his cabinet and all Union ministers belonging to the state, met the prime minister to seek special funds for drought relief. But, citing official statistics, Kimmatkar said while some talukas of Pune, Satara, Sangli and Solapur may be currently reeling under drought-like situation, each of these districts have double or more irrigation coverage than in any of the 11 districts of Vidarbha.\"Farmers of the region have no option but to commit suicide because of lack of irrigation facilities in Vidarbha where irrigation covers only 39% of agricultural land. In comparison Sangli has irrigation percentage of 105, Satara 84, Pune 79.9 and Solapur 68,\" Kimmatkar pointed out.\"For last several weeks elected representatives of western Maharashtra are mounting pressure on allocation of more funds to their regions. In contrast, leaders from Vidarbha have shown little inclination to raise this issue though thousands of farmers have committed suicide over the years because of poor returns from dryland farming,\" he added.What is more shocking, according to Kimmatkar, is that only four days ago Maharashtra agreed to set up interstate water control board with Andhra Pradesh for utilization of Pranhita sub-basin water. Pranhita is part of the Godavari basin from which Vidarbha has been awarded a quota of 678 TMC of water.\"The AP government now wants to set up a dam using this water which would irrigate 40 lakh hectares of land in state and also provide drinking eater to Hyderabad and Secunderabad in future. While farmers of Vidarbha continue to die, others are prospering at its cost,\" remarked the expert member on irrigation facilities.A few years ago, the state government had traded 100TMCs of Vidarbha water from Godavari to AP in lieu of 25 additional TMC of water that western Maharashtra's Krishna Valley project would get from that state. \"In fact so influential are leaders of that part, they have a separate ministry dedicated to Krishna Valley project that has planned utilization of every drop of 545 TMC of waters allocated from Krishna Valley in 2010,\" said Kimmatkar.\"Nature has given a bounty of natural water resource to the region. If properly utilized and dammed it can irrigate every inch of the land under cultivation in Vidarbha. But thanks to political apathy, this was never achieved,\" Kimmatkar lamented.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059780", "title": "Gogoi likely to reshuffle cabinet over VP rumours", "text": "GUWAHATI: The speculation over chief minister Tarun Gogoi's name being mentioned for the post of Vice-President has barely died down and Dispur is now abuzz with talks of a cabinet reshuffle. Gogoi, as is rumoured, is keen to give a befitting reply to his detractors who wanted him to be shifted to New Delhi and install a new chief minister in his place.On Tuesday, Gogoi met two of his closest party colleagues - finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and defence minister A K Antony - in New Delhi. He was also scheduled to meet AICC President Sonia Gandhi , but the meeting was postponed because of US secretary of state Hillary Clinton's visit and the Lok Sabha proceedings. Gogoi is now likely to meet her on Wednesday morning.Sources described Gogoi's meetings as his way of telling all his detractors that he has powerful friends too. One of the CM's confidantes said: \"There is a strong rumour of a possible reshuffle of the ministry and the chief minister might bring up this issue when he meets the party president. I do not know what exactly is happening and what turn it's going to take.\"Congress MLAs here are divided in their opinions about a reshuffle. While one section feels that Gogoi, in his third consecutive term, can carry out a reshuffle with ease, others believe Gogoi will not go for a major overhaul. \"There are just a few people that the chief minister can choose from to form a new ministry. He might go for a very minor reshuffle... maybe one or two departments,\" Gogoi's close aide said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13057440", "title": "Burnt &amp; hacked, body of woman found in Ghaziabad", "text": "GHAZIABAD: The burnt body of a woman was found hacked inside an abandoned suitcase in the Muradnagar area on Tuesday morning. Police suspect the woman, who seems to be in her late 20s, may have been murdered in Delhi or Ghaziabad and later dumped on NH-24.Sources said a suitcase emitting foul smell was noticed by passersby on the highway, who then informed police. \"The body had been hacked to fit it into the suitcase. It had been partly burnt with the intention of hiding the identity of the deceased,'' said an officer. He said no missing report for a woman had been filed in local police stations, which is why cops are thinking that the woman may be from outside Ghaziabad. Sources said the body pieces had been wrapped in a saree.Recently, two bodies were found in the capital, one from inside the LNJP Hospital and the other from near a Metro Pillar in Nehru Place. Officials claimed that the deceased seemed to belong to either the homeless or the migrant class who barely stay in one address for more than a few days. Bodies of several persons who have been killed are thrown on roads, drains, railway tracks and secluded areas. Curiously, railway tracks have seen a good 40 percent of such bodies. Most of them, recovered late, are in such condition that it becomes impossible to ascertain whether he or she was a victim of accident or foul play. According to police officers, a large number of bodies are found in drains flowing into Delhi from Haryana and Uttar Pradesh.Recently, there has been a spate of unidentified bodies which have been recovered in the capital triggering chief minister Sheila Dikshit to meet Home Minister P Chidambaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059584", "title": "Panel to check infra projects\u2019 cost escalation", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the state government is facing heat over unreasonable time and cost overruns in vital infrastructure projects, especially those connected to the irrigation sector, it has set up a new mechanism to overcome this problem for at least one section of such projects.A 13-member high-powered committee has been appointed to avoid time and cost overruns in implementation of projects funded by the Centre.State chief secretary Ratnakar Gaikwad will head the panel, which will also comprise heads of various state departments. The scope of work for the committee, which will meet at least once every three months, would involve monitoring and reviewing status of various projects.Besides ensuring there is no delay on account of matters related directly to the state government, the committee will also be responsible for coordinating with authorities from the union government for resolving matters and problems which require the Centre's intervention. To speed up removal of roadblocks hindering a project, the committee will follow up with authorities and officials at various levels.The planning department of the state government appointed the panel following concern expressed by the union ministry of statistics and programme implementation.Following a series of reports carried by the TOI which highlighted huge and unreasonable cost escalations in certain irrigation projects, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had last week asked the concerned department to submit a white paper on all irrigation projects taken up during the past ten years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060313", "title": "For some, even fake degrees are also an asset", "text": "JAIPUR: The craze among many youngsters to acquire professional degrees has led to mushrooming of educational shops here. For some, a degree in engineering is a matter of prestige while for others, it is a short cut to success.TOI traced eight such professionals who secured degrees from these shops and not surprisingly all are teaching at private engineering colleges. All of them have done their B Tech from proper engineering colleges but the change in AICTE norms making M Tech/PhD compulsory for teaching has resulted in a mad rush.\"I found no proper college here offering M.Tech. I was aware that getting a degree from here may not fetch me a government job but who cares when private teaching jobs are available in abundance,\" said Rakesh Seth (name changed), a teacher at a private engineering college.I enrolled in one course as it served my purpose of pursuing masters while doing job. \"So I choose this path as it is difficult for a middle class family to study for 7-8 years at a stretch before earning starts. I completed my B Tech in five years, a year more than normal. It was not possible for me to study for two more years without earning,\" added Seth.However, he now lives in the constant fear that if his employer comes to know that his degree is not valid, he will be thrown out of his job. But he thinks that AICTE will crack down only on these fake universities rather than on students like him at least on humanitarian grounds. Most of the students are aware of such fake set-ups. They do it because of job requirement and eyeing promotion at a higher level.Another factor which is fuelling this trend is social prestige. Many enrol with these fake universities with the sole aim to get some influence in their society and to marry from rich and influential families. \"I belong to a farmer family and would have remained a farmer throughout my life. I was the first person from my family to become an engineer, a charm which I still enjoy,\" said Goga Yadav (name changed), a farmer from Shahjapur who got his B.Tech degree in 2010 and earns his livelihood as a farm owner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057649", "title": "DU sends wrong paper for semester exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University possibly goofed up again on Monday. Students of BA (honours) courses were prepared to attempt the contemporary English paper in the second semester but were instead given the question papers for another credit course called individual and society. They were shocked, anxious and angry even as college officials ran up and down to figure out the next step.Students had to wait for up to two hours before the correct question paper could be delivered at all colleges. At some places, the exam began as late as 12 noon when it was scheduled to get over.\"It was our first exam on Monday. As soon as we got the paper, we realized that it was not our course. For half an hour after that, nobody seemed to know what was to be done. We didn't know if we would get another question paper or the exam would be postponed.The exam finally started around 11am. We felt really let down as we had to waste so much time,\" said a BA (H) economics student at Shri Ram College of Commerce.While students of BA (H) English study individual and society, those pursuing other BA (honours) programmes take contemporary English as their language credit course. Though earlier it carried only 50 marks, the total marks have been increased to 100 from this time.In November last year, students writing a paper called 'reading Gandhi' were told midway through the exam that the paper would carry 75 marks instead of 50 and that they were to do one more question. Several students had left by then.Vinita Chandra, English faculty, Ramjas College, said they could start the exam only around 12 noon on Monday. \"The university faxed us a handwritten copy of the correct paper after which we had to make 400-500 photocopiesas the number of students taking this exam is huge. All those pursuing BA (honours) in history, political science, economics, philosophy, besides others, study this course,\" Chandra said. \"Different colleges got the correct paper at different times. Where was the secrecy?\" she questioned.The DU exam authority blamed the English department for giving the same code to two papers. \"The exam branch is only a facilitator and the paper is set and tagged by the department. They gave the same codes to both papers and the exam branch ended up picking the wrong one. We will order an inquiry,\" said a senior official.He added that the paper was handwritten as it was lying in the storage. \"At least the exam branch could salvage the situation by locating the paper and sending it to colleges within an hour and a half,\" said vice-chancellor Dinesh Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059152", "title": "After MCI Bill, Trinamool Congress flogs govt on rural amenities", "text": "NEW DELHI: Trinamool Congress continued to embarrass Congress over its pending demand for a bailout, accusing the government of neglecting the rural masses.\"It is a matter of shame that mobile phones have reached villages but not drinking water,\" Trinamool chief whip Kalyan Banerjee said, adding that the national water policy existed only on paper.The MP also slammed the Right to Education Act, saying it only existed on HRD minister Kapil Sibal's folder and had not reached the villages.The bitter words had the BJP-led opposition cheer Banerjee's speech on the Finance Bill even as the treasury benches sat with uneasy smiles, realizing the anger was more to pressure the Centre on Bengal's bailout than a comment on the union budget.Taking on the Centre, Banerjee said Bengal accumulated a debt of Rs 2.3 lakh crore after 34 years of Left rule. He said the Centre played a role in the debt by indulging the ruling party which did not bring the fiscal responsibility bill till 2010. He asked why the Centre was not giving debt moratorium to Bengal, saying announcement of a committee was not enough. \"What is the net result (of the committee). Where is its effect,\" he asked.That the criticism came a day after the UPA ally voted against the Medical Council of India bill only showed that the Bengal party was not ready to wait quietly for the Centre's verdict on bailout. The President's election seems to add to the ally's belief it can negotiate hard with Congress.If TMC went hard against the Centre, ally DMK was soft. T R Baalu asked the Centre against being rigid in its intent to slash food and fertilizer subsidy. He also sought a hike in I-T exemption limit to Rs 3 lakh.Baalu, however, backed the provision to hike custom duty on gold import, calling it a menace to balance of payment and current account deficit (CAD).RLD's Sanjay Chauhan struck against populism, arguing against loan waivers and casually-distributed subsidies. He recalled how farmer leader Charan Singh called it \"payment without production\", demanding that subsidies, which were being usurped by the neo-rich, should be targeted to the needy.Congress MP Deepender Hooda demanded a statement on job creation, saying India needed to generate 10 crore jobs by 2020 to absorb the young. \"If not, they would come on roads and there could be a churn,\" he warned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13058964", "title": "Mother's Day: Kids celebrate the event with zest", "text": "LUDHIANA: Mothers of the tiny tots of Little Vips Pre-School, Jamalpur, had a memorable day at the school as their kids celebrated Mother's Day on Tuesday. The kids decorated plates with their mom's picture and cute messages and gifted it to their mothers. They even sang songs for mothers.The mothers and their kids enjoyed lip smacking snacks.Mother of two-year-old Mansi, Isha, a Jamalpur resident, said, \"It was one of the best days in my life. My daughter and I went in a same dress code. She presented a plate with my picture and a cute message and I loved the gesture.''Mother of three-year-old Umisha, Pooja, 26, a resident of Urban Estate, said she was overjoyed by the celebration of motherhood at her daughter's school. \"A surprise gift from my daughter made me glad and the song she sang for me brought tears in my eyes,'' said Pooja.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059331", "title": "Applications invited for library science course", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Applications have been invited by the Kerala University Academic Staff College for library science refresher course. The course is conducted for university and college librarians. Application form and details are available at the academic staff college or from the website www.keralauniversity.ac.in/ugcasc. Filled in applications along with the certificate from the principal should be submitted to the director, Academic Staff College, Kerala University, Kariavattom-695 581 before May 12.Venue Change: The venue of the first year B Com exam for those who have opted NSS College, Pandalam as the centre for register numbers from 332258 to 332557 has been changed to Bishop Moor College, Mavelikkara. For those students from the register numbers from 666161 to 666609, the venue has been changed from VHSE Manacaud to University College.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059562", "title": "Amarnath Yatra 2012: Big rush for the forms", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It has only been two days since registration forms for Amarnath Yatra 2012 started being sold in the city at the Chandigarh branch of Jammu and Kashmir Bank in Sector 17 and 1,240 out of a total 1,540 forms have already been sold in the first two days in nearly four hours. On the second day, Tuesday, many customers had to return empty-handed as the bank ran short of forms and the customers had to rush to the Panchkula and Mohali branches of the bank.The Panchkula and Mohali branches have also received 2,310 forms each on Tuesday, which will be available till August 1. Both the routes - via Baltal and Chandanwari to Amarnath -- will open from June 25. The devotees are allowed to select the date on first come first served basis. The Chandigarh branch of the bank has been authorized to give not more than 40 forms (20 each for both the routes) for a particular date whereas, Mohali and Panchkula branches can give 30 forms each (for each route) for one particular date.Rakesh Bhandari, a resident of Sector 34 who had come to the Chandigarh 17 branch to buy forms for his friends and himself had to rush to the Mohali branch. He said, \"It is strange that all the forms have been sold out in two days. I had come on day one too, but there was a huge rush and I had to return without the forms. Today they told me that they don't have the forms.\"There were also those who suggested that the forms be photostatted but were later explained why it could not be done. \"The ticket comes with the form and it cannot be photocopied,\" said an official distributing registration forms to people at the bank on Tuesday.Riyaz Ahmad Wani, branch head at Sector 17 said, \"We have 1,540 forms and we sold 900 forms on day one. On Tuesday we sold 340 forms. As we have to sell these forms till August 1, so we referred the customers to Panchkula and Mohali branches of the bank.\"Wani said that there was a huge rush of devotees wanting to go for the Amarnath Yatra on day one. \"It became difficult to handle the rush and we had to call the police,\" he added.Moreover, the bank is handing over only two forms to one person, so as to avoid travel agents buying tickets in bulk and then selling them in black.Also the bank is not giving tickets without signatures of the person buying the form. This year attaching a medical certificate about one's fitness has become mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059399", "title": "Bollywood gift for Bihar on its centenary year", "text": "PATNA: Bollywood is all set to gift Bihar a film on the occasion of its centenary year. Anurag Kashyap's upcoming production, &quot;Gangs of Wasseypur&quot;, is reportedly based on real life accounts of gang rivalry in the coal mining town of Dhanbad, now in Jharkhand. The coal mafia here is believed to be more powerful than that of the Mumbai underworld.Kashyap will be in the city on Thursday for the launch of the film's title song, \"Jiya ho Bihar ke lala, jiya ho hazaar saal. Tani nachi ke, tani gaayi ke, tani naachi gaayi ke sab ke man bahlava ho bhaiya\", which he wants to dedicate to Bihar. \"I thought it's only proper that we launch this song in Patna and not anywhere else. I will be speaking more about it on Thursday,\" said the award-winning director-producer, who has made films like Black Friday, Dev D and Gulaal.The song talks about Bihar and wishes it a long life. Well-known singer Manoj Tiwari has lent his voice to the song. Tiwari is a popular Bhojpuri singer and actor. \"I was overwhelmed when I got the offer,\" said the singer. Sneha Khanwalkar has composed the music.Kashyap, who makes his foray into mainstream commercial cinema with \"Gangs of Wasseypur\", said he is confident the film and the song will be appreciated by everyone, especially the people of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13058669", "title": "Salcete locals gun for PWD officials over inflated water bills", "text": "MARGAO: Local residents from across Salcete are annoyed as they are still receiving excessive water bills despite public assurances made in the past by the public works department (PWD).Citizen's welfare committee (CWC), a Salcete-based NGO, has taken up the matter with the PWD and has demanded that it be resolved immediately. CWC members pointed out that all small hotels, commercial establishments and five star hotels are billed according to the same water tariff and demanded that the PWD increase the tariff for five star hotels and save the common man from the burden.Big commercial houses should pay more while households should be charged less. We are waiting for the PWD to resolve this matter as soon as possible,\" said CWC additional treasurer Dilip Kamat, adding that he had received a copy of the water tariff rates under the Right To Information (RTI) Act. While demanding that bills had to be issued on a monthly basis, residents explained that the water tariff is charged at 2.5 per unit and the cost doubles for every additional 25 units pegging the rate right up to 11 for 100 units.When contacted, PWD officials stated that the matter had been resolved and if there were cases of customers receiving high bills, if and when the department confirms that there was a technical error, the same would be rectified in the next bill cycle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059546", "title": "GMC fines contractor for dumping trash on roadside", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) has slapped a fine on a firm named AM Construction for dumping garbage and silt on the roadside. The company was entrusted with the responsibility of carrying out cleaning and desilting works of the drains on GNB Road under division number 2 of the corporation.\"A fine of Rs 10,000 has been slapped on AM Construction for violating the terms and conditions of the contract signed for carrying out cleaning and desilting works in the drains this rainy season. We will also debar the firm from further GMC works,\" GMC commissioner Puru Gupta told TOI.Though the GMC asked the contractor not to dump the garbage and silt on the roadside after clearing the drains, it was found to be trying to save the carrying cost of the garbage and silt by dumping trash and silt on the road adjacent to the drains.Gupta said that the civic body has taken up the matter as it was causing inconveniences to the commuters and will not hesitate to debar firms indulging in such acts.The GMC commissioner also warned the rest of the firms that are carrying cleaning and desilting works in the city under the 'Go Ahead' project this year to keep the roads clean and complete the assigned works on time.The Kamrup (Metro) district administration is monitoring the cleaning and desilting works of 168 drains in the city, which is in progress under the GMC. On the other hand, the water resource department is cleaning and desilting the Bharalu, Mora Bharalu and Bahini rivers and the Sarusola Beel. The GMC has allocated Rs 9.84 crore for cleaning and desilting of 168 drains this year monsoon and work will continue till October end.Meanwhile, the GMC has installed a confidential box at its head office in Panbazar to bring transparency in the corporation's works and make it easy for the public to draw the attention of the commissioner directly for any king of inconveniences faced by the public.Now onwards, the public will directly be able to lodge complaints and grievances with the GMC commissioner.An official of the GMC informed that the urban body has started a survey of the marriage halls lacking adequate parking space in the city as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058731", "title": "Mandeep Singh is a future India player in all formats: David Hussey", "text": "HYDERABAD: Kings XI Punjab skipper David Hussey on Tuesday praised young opener Mandeep Singh for his scintillating 45-ball 75 and described him as a future India player in all three formats of the game.\"I thought our batters set the tone, Mandeep is going from strength to strength, I think he's a future players in all three forms for India,\" said Hussey after Punjab notched up a comfortable 25-run win over Deccan.While Mandeep helped Punjab to post a challenging 170-5, it was Hussey who turned the game changer on Tuesday when he dismissed set batsmen Daniel Harris (30) and Cameron White in a space of four balls in his only over.\"We have two better spinners than me in the team, so more than happy with that. We haven't played too well at home, but we hope to win the reverse fixture,\" he said.Chasing a stiff 171, Deccan were restricted to 145 for eight but skipper Kumar Sangakkara blamed his bowlers for not bowling in the right areas in the first four overs and allowing Punjab to post a big total.\"I thought the difference today was the bowling in the first four overs. It was a two-paced wicket and we bowled too short on a wicket that still had something in it for the bowlers. Kings XI showed us how to bowl and where to bowl,\" Sangakkara said.\"Mandeep batted well and capitalised on the mistakes we made. It is a case of getting our basic right. In T20, you need to limit the opposition score to probably 150. We did pull things a bit but the first 12 overs cost the match,\" he added.Man of the Match, Mandeep Singh said he was very satisfied with his innings.\"Hussey has supported us a lot, he has shown a lot of faith in me. I'm really satisfied today, as from the beginning of the tournament I wanted to stay till the 15th over, and I today for the team,\" Mandeep said.\"I wanted to bat normally and in the end it was good. We have to keep winning and we have to do our basics right and hopefully we will win rest of the games,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059755", "title": "\u2018Smuggler gave forged documents on dad\u2019s health\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: Red sanders smuggling kingpin Ajit Satam submitted forged medical records along with his parole application to show that his father was unwell, said officials.Satam was picked up from a hotel on April 2 after the state government ordered his detention for a year under the Conservation of Foreign Exchange and Prevention of Smuggling Activities Act.Directorate of Revenue Intelligence (DRI) officials said Satam, in his application, said his father Bapu Shantaram Satam was suffering from chronic renal disease, hypertension and weakness and was under treatment at K E M Hospital. Satam also said his father was being treated in the OPD from January to April and had been largely bedridden. He enclosed a medical certificate bearing a doctor's signature. The state has to decide on the plea.DRI officials spoke to the hospital authorities and found out that the OPD details submitted belonged to another patient and they did not issue the certificate. Satam also lied in the plea that he was the only son though he had a brother, Sujit, who was earlier invved in a cigarette smuggling case, the officials said.Satam, lodged in the Nashik jail, is currently in hospital on health grounds. He has also filed a bail plea in the Bombay high court, which will come up for hearing on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058758", "title": "Foreigner found bathing in pond still unidentified", "text": "CHENNAI: The foreign woman, found bathing in a pond at an abandoned quarry in the suburbs on Monday and rushed to the Government General Hospital, is yet to be identified. Doctors and nurses attending to her said she was much better but unable to speak. When TOI tried speaking to her, all she did was move her eyes and smile.The woman has become the centre of attraction at the ICU in the hospital, with patients and visitors enquiring about her well-being. \"It is sad that she has come to our country and is in this state,\" said a worker in the hospital.She didn't have any identification papers with her, not even a bag, when she was found in the pond, police said. They have asked the general public to pass on any information they have on the woman so that she can be repatriated to her home countryShe is being provided with the best health care, police said. St Thomas Mount deputy commissioner of police A Saravanan said, \"We have alerted all police stations to inform us if there is a woman missing complaint and also requested the Bureau of Immigration to help us identify her. We are doing our best.\"On Monday, residents of Shankar Nagar near Tambaram were amused to see the woman dive in and out of the pool near an abandoned quarry. When she refused to come out, they called police. She was then taken to the hospital.Last week a similar incident was reported in Besant Nagar when a foreigner woman was seen swimming off the beach.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "13059771", "title": "36-hour bandh stalls life in five upper Assam districts", "text": "JORHAT: The 36-hour Assam bandh called by the All Tai Ahom Students Union (Atasu) from 5 am on Monday was successful in the five upper Assam districts of Sivasagar, Jorhat, Golaghat, Sonitpur and Lakhimpur. Barring a few small incidents of violence, the bandh passed off peacefully.All business establishments, offices and educational institutions remained close during the bandh. Long-route buses and other passenger-carrying vehicles also cancelled their daily plying schedule due to the bandh. The bandh paralaysed the normal lives of the people of the said five districts.Police reportedly picked up more than 30 picketers from different parts of upper Assam in order to foil the agitation.The students' body called the bandh in protest against the killing of two student leaders belonging to Atasu and Aattsa in Sivasagar on May 3 last. Several organizations like All Assam Tea Tribes Students Association (Aattsa), Asom Yuba Parishad, All Adivasi Students Association of Assam, All Tai Ahom Yuba Parishad and All Assam Gorkha Students Union extended their support to the agitation.Atasu president Pranjal Rajkonwar said, \"We called the 36-hour Assam bandh from this morning to protest the brutal killing of two student leaders by miscreants in cohorts with police. We demanded that the government arrest the culprits immediately and ensure compensation to the victims' families.\"He added Atasu has demanded a compensation of Rs10 lakh and Rs 5 lakh each for the families of the deceased and injured persons respectively at the earliest.The Atasu leader alleged that a group of workers from the factory of a Congress leader, with support of the Sivasagar police, attacked and killed the two students brutally. But the culprits have not been arrested as yet.\"Some factory workers from the factory of assembly speaker Pranab Gogoi's son Manjil Gogoi had attacked our leaders brutally with the help of police late on May 3. They beat our leader Devajit Lahon to death on the spot and an Aattsa leader, who was among the five other injured youths, succumbed to his injuries the next day. But neither the government nor the administration has taken any steps to arrest the culprits. So we condemn this government's attitude and demanded the guilty be punished at the earliest.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13060374", "title": "When I\u2019m PM, will work to resolve Kashmir issue: Imran Khan", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf chief Imran Khan says when his party wins power his top priority would be to start a dialogue with India to resolve the Kashmir issue. The former cricket ace is seen as a strong prime ministerial candidate in the next polls and his party is on the upswing. He envisages India and Pakistan having trade ties like those shared by the US and Canada. \"I believe nothing is impossible.\" Khan was the star speaker at the concluding day of the 2nd Aman ki Asha Indo-Pak economic conference on Tuesday.Imran cut a striking figure in a white pathan suit and said among all Pakistani politicians, he knows India best because of his cricketing past. \"Indo-Pak relations should be based on trust. It is awful that whenever we get close, some incident happens and we are back to square one. New governments can foster new ties. We need strong leadership in both nations which can withstand strong pressure. There's a small industry on both sides that benefit from ill will. We need a strong leadership in Pakistan to resolve the Kashmir issue.\" He cited the leadership of Charles de Gaulle in France, who stood up to pressures and resolved the Algerian crisis by giving the latter independence.While peace between India and Pakistan seems so elusive, he said he was privy to information (three former Pakistan foreign ministers have joined his party) that shows the two countries came tantalizingly close to clinching a solution to the contentious Kashmir issue before negotiations collapsed.\"The new generation of Indians and Pakistanis want new relations. They want to change the way we look at each other. Seventy per cent of Pakistanis are less than 30 and they want a new way of governance,\" he said.Entirely supportive of enhanced trade relations, he cautioned that the benefits of trade in the short terms should be evenly shared. \"Long term, we know that it benefits everybody,\" he said. The future should see intense rivalry between India and Pakistan \"to see who reduces poverty faster,\" he said before quipping: \"How can we not enjoy the rivalry of India and Pakistan in a cricket match?\"Later, taking a question from CII president Adi Godrej , who quizzed him on the possibility of the neighbours emerging as each other's largest trading partners, he said: \"One thing we know for sure, it is the best way to alleviate poverty. With a combined population of 1.6 billion, it's such a huge market. There will be early adjustments and trade will force us to improve our governance systems, it will lead to reforms.\" He cited the example of EU saying: \"Every country that joined EU has seen its standard of living rise.\"Later taking questions from the audience, he refuted allegations that he was hobnobbing with fringe groups and religious parties. Imran insisted that as a political party, Pakistan Tehrik-e-Insaf has to engage with everybody, even the seemingly radicalized entities. \"Engagement does not mean endorsement. I believe we have to engage with every strata of society. If we bring people into the mainstream then we de-radicalize them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13059273", "title": "Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation may clear 2.5 FSI plan for old bldgs\u2019 redevpt", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The NCP-led Navi Mumbai Municipal Corporation (NMMC) is leaving no stone unturned to secure permission for extra floor space index (FSI) for dilapidated buildings. FSI defines the permissible built-up area on a plot.According to sources, the civic body is likely to sanction a proposal for 2.5 FSI during a special general body meeting on Friday. Currently, FSI between 1 and 1.5 is available for redevelopment, however, there are few takers since builders feel it is \"unviable\". At a later stage, the municipal administration plans to invite suggestions and objections from the public. A final proposal will then be forwarded to the state government for its approval.\"If the plan for extra FSI is sanctioned, then it could pave the way for redevelopment of nearly 71 dilapidated buildings in Navi Mumbai,\" said mayor Sagar Naik. City engineer Mohan Dagaonkar will give a detailed presentation to corporators on Friday. However, civic activist Sandip Thakur claimed that the proposal was mooted by developers who wanted to regularize FSI violations in their ongoing projects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060265", "title": "Rabindranath Tagore's birth anniversary: School children pays glowing tributes", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as most of the Lucknowites were unaware about the ongoing 151st birth anniversary celebration of Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore, children in Rajajipuram's Saqib Model School paid glowing tributes to the prolific writer and thinker, who had left a golden imprint in the annals of Indian literature.While on May 7, only a handful of people garlanded the statue of Gurudev erected near the residence of the district magistrate or spoke about Tagore's contribution to Indian literature and society; students and teachers of the school on May 5 enacted the Hindi translation of the dance dramas composed by Tagore and some songs, which still inspire youngsters. And, the programme was aptly titled 'Bachhon ki Shaam, Tagore ke Naam'.When asked what prompted them to take Tagore as this year's theme, Zahir Qizalbash, the manager of the Saqib Educational and Welfare Society, said, \"The country is celebrating the 151st birth anniversary of Gurudev, and the National Anthem has completed 100 years. So, it was the best way to pay tributes to the Nobel laureate. Every year there is a national leader, around whom the theme of our annual function revolves.\"Students from different age-groups participated in the cultural fiesta. While, for the kids, the cultural programme was an occasion to express their joys, the grown-ups were trying their best to soak themselves into various compositions of Tagore. The school also went a step further and dedicated its annual magazine to the doyen of world literature.Lamenting that not much is done for Tagore, Qizalbash said, \"It is really unfortunate that a person like Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore has not been honoured properly by us. It is indeed sad that the Nobel laureate who helped the country to make its presence felt in the international arena is gradually getting out of public's memory, and that too on his 151st birth anniversary. I feel that the government as well as citizens must join hands and ensure that Tagore's contributions are not belittled.\"The school also plans to hold different non-curricular activities to help the students know more about life and works of Tagore. \"During the approaching summer vacations, we are planning to organise a painting workshop on Tagore. Very few people know that the poet was also a good painter, and he had his own collection of artwork,\" said the school's manager and added that every effort would be made to give due recognition to the composer of the National Anthem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060234", "title": "Rajasthan High Court notice to govt over lack of amenities to visually impaired", "text": "JAIPUR: A division bench of Rajasthan High Court has taken cognizance of a PIL seeking a directive to the state government to provide appropriate facilities and basic amenities to visually impaired persons in state's public libraries, computer training institutes etc.The bench comprising Chief Justice Arun Kumar Mishra and Justice N K Jain (senior) issued the notice to state authorities on a PIL filed by one Sharat Tripathi. The PIL says that as per the Census Report 2011, there are nearly 7,53,952 visually impaired or blind persons in the state. There are no facilities to provide basic educational training or computer training to them or books that they can read in public library.Even the Rajasthan Knowledge Corporation Limited, which is a government-funded public company, is running courses for computer training but has no scheme to teach blind persons. It has also been brought to the notice of court that the company does not have the required software for blind persons.\"In spite of having good academic career, blind and visually impaired persons fail to get better job opportunities in public employment as well as in studies and fail to get equal opportunities in both employment and education,\" says the PIL.The petitioner claimed that he had made many representations to the commissioner of disabilities and in spite of various orders, the state government had failed to provide the requisite amenities to the blind and visually impaired persons, ousting them from the open competition market.The petitioner also relied on the reply of state government and the correspondence between the state authorities and disability commissioner wherein it was admitted by the government that it had no software or technique and arrangements to provide equal opportunity in education or employment. It was stated by the petitioner that the disability commissioner has also issued directions to the state government but no action was taken, as such the PIL has been filed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058868", "title": "Congress-ruled Andhra Pradesh, Maharashtra oppose BSF Bill changes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Controversial NCTC is not the only contentious issue, where the government has faced resistance from Congress CMs. The Border Security Force (Amendment) Bill that seeks deployment of the border guarding force in hinterland so that it can exercise its powers of arrest, search and seizure, too, has attracted opposition from certain Congress-ruled states.While the Congress CMs of Assam, Manipur and Meghalaya had raised objection to NCTC during the meeting on May 5, the other two party-ruled states - Andhra Pradesh and Maharashtra - have submitted their written objections to the proposal to amend the BSF Act, 1968.Though the opposition to both the NCTC and the BSF (Amendment) Bill has primarily revolved around the 'powers' given to these central agencies, states have taken 'different' positions on these matters.Assam, Manipur and Meghalaya, which raised certain objections to the proposed NCTC in its present form, have concurred with the BSF (Amendment) Bill. Among these three states, Assam had raised objection to the NCTC proposal most aggressively, opposing any unilateral power for central agencies to conduct search, seizure and arrests in state.Some of the non-Congress-ruled states like Karnataka, Himachal Pradesh, Goa and West Bengal that opposed to NCTC, describing it an anti-federal proposal have supported proposed amendment in the BSF Act.In response to a Parliament question on the BSF (Amendment) Bill, the home ministry in its written response in Lok Sabha on Tuesday said, \"So far, the state governments of Arunachal Pradesh, Assam, Goa, Haryana, Himachal Pradesh, Karnataka, Kerala, Manipur, Meghalaya, Odisha, Rajasthan, Sikkim, Uttarakhand, West Bengal and NCT of Delhi have concurred with the proposal\".It said, \"However, the chief ministers of Bihar, Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Gujarat and Maharashtra have raised certain objections to this proposal\".As per the present legal position, BSF can be deployed only along or adjoining the borders of India. However in recent times, BSF has been deployed in the hinterland, especially in Chhattisgarh and Odisha, the said deployments have been questioned.Besides, in their current deployment in remote districts, a question has arisen whether they can exercise the now available powers under Section 139 of the BSF Act. Hence, the government had proposed to amend the relevant provisions of the Act to correct the legal position, permitting deployment of this force in other parts of the territory (hinterland) as well.The major objections raised by the CMs are related to conferring of powers of arrest, search and seizure to BSF, when deployed in hinterland as states believe that such powers may be in conflict with functions of the local police. The states have also argued that such powers given to the BSF would weaken the federal structure as it would violate the 'rights' of states.Such objections were earlier raised by the CMs during the internal security conference on April 16. Subsequently, home minister P Chidambaram on April 20 had written to them, clarifying that there is no proposal to confer any \"additional powers\" on BSF.Chidambaram had explained that such powers are already available in Section 139 of the BSF Act, 1968, when deployed in the local limits of such area adjoining the border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058793", "title": "Cash stolen from doctor\u2019s car", "text": "CHENNAI: Criminals escaped with Rs 15,000 from a doctor's parked car after breaking open the window on R K Salai on Monday.Police said Shakthivel, a dentist from Besant Nagar, had parked his car on R K Salai and went to meet his friend on Monday night.He returned to the car at 11.30pm and found the window broken and Rs 15,000 kept inside a bag on the back seat missing. His iPod and other documents pertaining to the clinic were also missing, police said.He lodged a complaint with Royapettah police. Police have registered a case are on the lookout for the criminals.\"We have lifted fingerprints from the car and are searching,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "rajahmundry", "code": "13058250", "title": "Bird hits Jet flight while landing", "text": "RAJAHMUNDRY: A Jet Airways flight suffered a bird-hit while landing at the Madhurapudi airport here on Tuesday afternoon. Luckily, all the 72 passengers and crew were safe. The bird got stuck in the engine when the pilot was bringing the flight on to the tarmac after landing on the runway.The incident took place at 11.45 am. Airport sources said the pilot's timely intervention saved the passengers. The airport authorities grounded the flight to repair the affected area. The return flight to Hyderabad was cancelled and passengers were sent to Vizag for their onward journey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13062250", "title": "Shocker: Uttar Pradesh DIG endorses honour killing", "text": "LUCKNOW: A top police official of Uttar Pradesh on Tuesday openly advocated honour killing. The incident took place in Prabudh Nagar district where the deputy inspector general (DIG) of Saharanpur range, Satish Kumar Mathur, had gone for a routine inspection of police stations and review law and order situation.One Shaukeen Mohammad, a resident of Kaserwa village of Prabudh Nagar district, approached the DIG with the request to help him find his missing daughter. But Shaukeen was shocked when the DIG told him to kill his daughter if she had eloped with somebody.After National Commission for Women took serious note of SK Mathur's statement advocating honour killing and demanded action against him, the UP government on Wednesday constituted a \"fact finding committee\" to be headed by Inspector General of Police (IGP) Law &amp; Order and Crime to probe the matter.ADG Law &amp; Order Jagmohan Yadav told reporters in Lucknow that the government has taken the matter seriously. He said that such a statement is not justified at all but action will be taken after finding out in what context the DIG made the statement.Shaukeen's 14-year-old daughter was allegedly abducted one-and-a-half-month ago by the musclemen in his village. The harried father was apprehensive about the safety of his daughter. He feared that his daughter could be raped and killed by the abductors, who have a criminal record.Shaukeen came to meet the DIG along with scores of villagers. However, the DIG snubbed the father and said, \"I don't have magical power to recover your daughter. But if your daughter has eloped then you should be ashamed of it and end your life. I would have committed suicide or killed my sister if she had eloped.\"The statement of the DIG was caught on video camera by media persons. He refused to comment when reporters questioned him about his statement. The victim's father, however, said that his daughter was allegedly abducted by two youths from his village house.On his complaint, the police had registered a case against the two accused Mokin Satpal and Oma Atra but have done nothing so far. On DIG's response, Shaukeen said that he don't know from where the DIG got the information that his daughter had eloped. Villagers also claimed that they were witness to the abduction of the girl.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13059141", "title": "1.43kg gold seized in Trichy airport", "text": "TRICHY: In yet another seizure in two days, officials of the air intelligence unit of the customs department at the Trichy airport seized 1.430 kg of gold ornaments and bars that were being smuggled from Singapore into India on Tuesday. Two persons have been arrested.Acting on a tip-off, air intelligence unit officials scanned the bags of all passengers who landed from the Air India Express flight from Singapore. During their search, they found a bundle of gold ornaments weighing 1.430 kg, worth Rs 43.43 lakhs in the bag of a passenger Ramamurthy, a native of Orathanadu in Thanjavur. Initial investigations revealed that an unidentified person had given him the parcel in Singapore airport on condition that he hand it over to his relative waiting in Trichy airport. He had convinced him to accept the task by saying that it was a bundle of life-saving medicine to be given to his relative in India.Based on the information from Ramamurthy, officials launched a search outside the airport to nab a certain Jagadheesan waiting to receive the gold from him and arrested him. During the interrogation, he said that he was a native of Vriddachalam in Cuddalore district. Further investigation was on to find out the network behind the smuggling. Later, the officials produced the duo in court and remanded them into judicial custody.The incident occurred two days after air intelligence unit officials in Trichy airport arrested three persons, including a woman and her son, while attempting to smuggle 6.96 kg of the Ephedrine drug worth Rs 1 crore to Singapore. Earlier this year, officials seized 400 grams and 365 grams of gold bars respectively in two separate incidents from passengers coming from Colombo and arrested them in Trichy airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13056678", "title": "Mandeep magic keeps Punjab in playoff hunt", "text": "HYDERABAD: Team Punjab may not be this IPL's hot pick but one thing they have done well is to promote domestic players. If it was an unknown Paul Valthaty that performed well last year, this time it is Mandeep Singh who is doing the honours.Scorecard | Watch IPL Highlights | Match in PicsThe Punjab player, who has been the in-form batsman for the team with 359 runs against his name in 12 matches, struck 75 off 48 balls (8x4, 3x6) to set up the visitors' 25-run win over Hyderabad at the Rajiv Gandhi International Cricket Stadium on Tuesday night. Importantly, the win pushed Punjab to fifth spot and kept them in contention for a place in the knockouts.Chasing 171 for a win, the hosts needed a solid start but the batsmen failed to rise to the occasion as Hyderabad put in a shoddy display to crash to their ninth defeat in 12 games. Medium-pacer Praveen Kumar thwarted the hosts' hopes by removing in-form Shikhar Dhawan (8) -- caught at slip by Azhar Mahmood -- and Parvinder Awana uprooted Parthiv Patel's (17) stumps to reduce Hyderabad to 31 for two.Daniel Harris tried to undo the damage with some lusty blows. The strategy seemed to work as Hyderabad looked on course to make a fight of the game as they raced away to 70/2 in 10 overs. It was then that Punjab skipper David Hussey produced a magical over, giving away two runs and bagging two wickets. His decision to bring himself on paid dividends as he sent back Harris (30; 29b, 2x4, 1x6) and dangerman Cameroon White (8) in the space of four balls.Praveen then packed off skipper Kumar Sangakkara (4) to reduce the hosts to 74/5 and it seemed all over for Hyderabad, who finished at 145/8. Earlier, put in to bat, Punjab made a blazing start with openers Mandeep and Shaun Marsh adding 50 for the first wicket off 33 balls. Mandeep took on Veer Pratap Singh in the second over, hitting him for two fours and a six as the Hyderabad medium pacer conceded 18.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058574", "title": "CM a liability for Congress: Shankar", "text": "HYDERABAD: Former minister P Shankar Rao continued to unleash a verbal tirade against chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy by calling him a liability to the Congress party.Addressing a press conference on Tuesday, Rao said Kiran was nominated and was never a choice of the Congress MLAs. \"If a secret voting is conducted among Congress MLAs, everyone will vote against him,\" he said.Rao said letting Kiran continue as chief minister would ensure that the party will be out of power for the next 10 years. The opinion among Congress workers is that the CM does not even have the ability to get a sarpanch elected in his constituency. He said unlike the CM he was a diehard Congress loyalist and was ready to take up challenges in any region for the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13060226", "title": "Missing woman-daughter traced in Vadodara", "text": "JAISALMER: Four days after the Rajasthan High Court came down heavily on the state police and summoned DGP Harish Chandra Meena for its failure to trace a missing woman and her three-year-old daughter, the two were located in Gujarat's Vadodara town on Monday. However, everyone was surprised to know that the woman had gone with a man on her own. The court on Monday reprimanded the petitioner -- the woman's husband -- for wasting the time of court and the state government machinery. The woman was handed over to the man with whom she had eloped.According to the police, the woman, Kamla Devi (35), had gone missing last year along with her daughter Pinki from Sindhari police station area in Barmer district.Barmer SP Rahul Barat said that on August 28 last year, woman's husband Chelaram Meghwal, a resident of Sada Sindhari, submitted a report to the police that one Bhala Ram took away his wife and his daughter. A case was lodged under Section 366 and 379 of IPC. Police teams were sent to different parts of the state but they could not be traced. The SP announced a prize money of Rs 2,000 and IGP Jodhpur Range announced a prize money of Rs 4,000.The petitioner had filed a habeas corpus petition in the high court on March 27 to which the court gave special directions to recover the applicant's wife and daughter. The SP formed special teams under additional SP, Barmer and circle officer Balotra.A police team caught the two working at Devpura village in Vadodara. They were produced before the court on Monday. Earlier on Friday, the Rajasthan High Court had summoned the DGP for explanation over failure to trace the missing woman even after almost one year.They were produced before the bench of Justice Govind Mathur and Justice Kailash Joshi . She said she had gone with the man on her wish and wants to stay with him. After these statements, the bench expressed its displeasure to the advocate of the petitioner and said that such cases not only waste the time of government and police, but also incur expenditure and economic loss and even wasting the time of the court. Later the court ordered to send the woman back to Vadodara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058386", "title": "Osmania University minority students to rally for Telangana in districts", "text": "HYDERABAD: Encouraged by the response it received for its recent public meeting at Osmania University campus, the Muslim Students' Organization has decided to hold rallies in all districts of Telangana and form alliances with minorities, SC, ST and BC students to fight for a separate state.MSO president Mohammed Habeebuddin Quadri said that there are large number of Assembly segments in Telanganafrom where Muslims candidates can win either on the voter-strength or with a little support from other communities. Though the Muslims have been backing the T movement, when it comes to giving party tickets, they are ignored by political parties, he said. The candidate who has been given the ticket is also not extended the required support by his or her political party. \"The example of TRS candidate Ibrahim losing Mahbubnagar byelection is a glaring example. Since he was a formidable candidate, his main opponent resorted to canards against him. The TRS failed to counter the dangerous campaign,\" he said. Quadri said that OU campus meeting which was titled 'Samajika Telangana Minoritila Rajakiya Prathinidhyam' or the political role of minorities in Telangana based on social justice was supported by all SC, ST and BC organizations as well as the student JACs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059467", "title": "Bar owner's killing: Hunt on to nab other assailants", "text": "PATNA: The Patna Police is still groping in the dark over the reason behind the cold-blooded murder of a contractor and owner of a beer bar, Saket Gupta (40), in the parking place of Kumhrar archaeological site on Monday morning. Two of the assailants have been caught from the place of occurrence.Saket was gunned down by three assailants while returning after a morning stroll. The deceased is cousin of IPS officer A K Gupta.SSP Amrit Raj said, \"It is too premature to say the reason behind the murder as there can be several angles.\" He added that the police were conducting raids to arrest the other three persons involved in the murder. He said the contract killers were promised Rs 4 lakh to kill Saket.City SP Kim said a crime branch team interrogated the two arrested persons. She said a police team from Jehanabad also quizzed the duo on suspicion that they might be involved in the murder of a liquor trader, Arun Kumar, on February 15 at Jehanabad. Kim said the entire story behind the killingwould come to the fore after they were arrested as one of them is the main mastermind.Sources business rivalry led to Saket's murder. The sources said all beer bars were closed for two months recently on the directive of thegovernment. Later, some owners were given licenses to run their bars and Saket was also one of them, the sources said adding that this could be one of the reasons behind the murder. Meanwhile, the two arrested persons were sent to jail.tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13060916", "title": "5 Pak-trained ultras turn over a new leaf", "text": "MUMBAI: Five men who received terror training in Pakistan gave themselves up to the Maharashtra Anti-Terrorism Squad (ATS) last month after reading about another terror recruit's change of heart in The Times of India.TOI had published on April 3 the story of a twenty-something terror operative who approached the ATS and confessed getting terror training in Pakistani militant camps. He told the agency that he had no wish to kill anyone or hurt the country. The MCom graduate was later given a Rs 25,000-a-month job on the police's recommendation.Following the appearance of the report, five others, all between the ages of 19 and 22, separately turned themselves in to the ATS. Hailing from different parts of Maharashtra they had travelled to Pakistan in late 2010 and got training for three months in \"using firearms, bomb-making, recruiting others, expanding the terror network, and in how to evade the police\". Four of the five, officers said, had travelled as a cell and the last independently.The last youth, as a result of his confessions to the ATS, is today employed with a computer company. \"He came to me through a journalist. He narrated his story and told me about the people who brainwashed him and arranged his trip abroad,\" said ATS chief Rakesh Maria. \"He broke down and said he had committed a mistake and had no intention to kill anyone. After checking his story, we found that he was feeling guilty and wanted to lead a peaceful life. We arranged a job for him in a private company.\" The four others-one is a student of BA and three of BSc-had a similar rethink. \"They told me that they did not want to be a part of any terror outfit since it could ruin their lives and their families,\" said Maria.The ATS chief said he first met the boys away from his office and asked them to immediately inform their parents. \"They later came to me with their parents. We recorded their statements, took down the details of the things they did at the training camps and assured them of help for reformation.\" Maria added that the ATS will ensure that no one harasses them.Officers said the boys were paid Rs 1 lakh each for choosing to undergo terror training. One of the camps they were sent to is in Muridke, the same place where 26/11 gunman Ajmal Kasab and his associates were allegedly trained. The 26/11 terrorists were reportedly paid Rs 1.50 lakh each to attack Mumbai. \"The five were indoctrinated by showing propaganda videos. They told us that they got taken in and could not differentiate between right and wrong,\" said Maria. He added that the ATS is identifying potential terror trainees with help of NGOs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13058993", "title": "Jharkhand Students' Union members go on the rampage in state capital", "text": "RANCHI: More than a 100 members of the Jharkhand Students' Union (JSU) marched from Jaipal Singh Stadium to Raj Bhavan on Monday to hand over a five-meter-long demand letter to the governor. As the members approached Raj Bhavan, they were stopped by barricades but the agitated members pushed them away and reached the Raj Bhavan gates.\"We came to hand over the demand letter to the governor peacefully, but we were stopped at the gates so we had to use force. We sat in front of the gate protesting and our demands were finally sent to the governor\", JSU president S Ali said.The main demand of JSU was to release the syllabus for the recruitment examination for appointment of the secondary school teachers to be held on May 23 and extension of the examination date. \"Jharkhand Academic Council had said that the questions will be of graduation level but they did not say syllabus of which university to follow, so we are asking for a particular syllabus,\" Ali said.Another important demand of JSU was immediate recruitment of 13,810 primary assistant teachers and 4,401 Urdu teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058425", "title": "Entrance exam for CSMU courses on May 15 and 16", "text": "KANPUR: The authorities of Chatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University would be holding entrance exam for various courses run by it on its campus on May 15 and 16.The CSMU administration informed that by May 30 the counselling of the students who would pass the exam would be held and the new academic session would probably commence from June 25.The semester exams for B.Ed and LLB courses would on the other hand commence from May 16. The varisty has made available the exam schedule on its website.Meanwhile, the authorities of the university informed that admission in courses like MSc Chemistry, Physics and Biology, Industrial Chemistry and Agriculture would be done purely on the basis of Merit. Admissions in MA Home Science and Geography, BSC Agriculture will also be done based on the students merit.Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, on Tuesday, declared the result of MA final year. The results of Urdu, sociology, drawing and painting, music and psychology were announced.The students can see the results on the university's website. Several students thronged internet cafes to see the results. They had to mention the roll number on the website to check the result.Meanwhile, the work of evaluation of answer-sheets of different courses is going at the university these day. Hundreds of teachers are busy in checking the answer sheets.Once the evaluation of copies of regular students would end, the answer booklets of private examinees would be checked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059270", "title": "Officers' Club gets more time to act", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The district administration has granted more time to the Officers' Club for vacating the government land, on the basis of a representation from the club office bearers.\"I have received a representation from the office bearers of the Club regarding the matter. They have submitted a government order regarding leasing out the property to them. So we have to examine the matter once again and a hearing will be held next week. We will take a final decision after that,\" district collector K N Satheesh told TOI.Last month the high court had dismissed a writ petition of the Club against resuming the property and a notice was served as per rule 13 of the Kerala Land Conservancy Rules. The notice issued by the revenue department asked the club to vacate the land \"within 48 hours from the date of receipt of notice, failing which you will be summarily evicted from the land by using force if necessary, and the building raised on the land and such other constructions created or anything deposited thereon shall be liable to forfeiture\". The notice issued from the revenue department was served on April 28.Sources in the revenue department said that though the officials had initiated action based on the notice served to the club office bearers in the wake of the high court order, it had to be aborted due to pressure from higher-ups. Meanwhile, revenue minister Adoor Prakash said that he would examine the matter which was reported by the TOI on Sunday.The government had leased out 22 cents of the property for the Officer's Club in 1996, for 10 years. The government's lukewarm attitude is despite the facts that the lease period has been expired, the Club has defaulted huge lease amount and the high court has made a ruling in favour of the government in a writ petition of the club office bearers challenging the government decision to hike the lease rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13059733", "title": "Cracks appear even as UK coalition government re-launches itself", "text": "LONDON: British PM David Cameron and his deputy, Nick Clegg , re-launched their twoyear Conservative-Liberal Democrat coalition on Tuesday by repackaging its central message that placed as much emphasis on growth as on debt reduction. The move comes amid severe pressure after coalition's dismal showing in last week's local elections and loses that European heads of government have faced for economic austerity.The thrust was on cuts in government expenditure to counter deficit that the previous Labour Party government had left when Cameron and Clegg launched their alliance choreographed in rose garden of his official residence after the 2010 general election.Now, the mood exuded \"pro-growth and pro-business\" amid persistent complaints that the UK banks are not lending sufficiently to good enterprises.That notwithstanding, there were clear signs of tensions not merely between the Conservatives and the Liberal Democrats , but also within the respective parties. Conservative MPs are annoyed about too many concessions being granted to the minority partner, the Lib Dems , whose deputy leader, Simon Hughes , angrily hit back by saying the Tories were behaving as if they were \"born to rule\" .More seriously for Cameron , 20 of his MPs posted contributions on an unofficial Conservative party website to propose an \"alternative Queen's speech\" .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059357", "title": "Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport reduces bus fares for students, blind commuters", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Electricity Supply and Transport (BEST) undertaking has revised the fare for school students and visually impaired commuters after the civic general body passed a resolution demanding reduction in tariff for these categories.The BEST committee approved an overall fare hike revision on April 2. The resolution was then sent to the BMC, which approved the fare hike, subject to certain conditions. As per the conditions laid down by the BMC's general body, the BEST revised its original proposal and reduced the season ticket fares for school students. It has also reduced the ticket fare for visually impaired commuters.O P Gupta, general manager, BEST undertaking, said, \"The hike proposed by the BEST has been reduced and implemented for these two categories of commuters since the time the BMC resolution was passed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058744", "title": "Bitten by stray dog, 4-year-old dies of rabies", "text": "CHENNAI: A four-and-a-half-year-old boy, bitten by a stray dog three weeks ago, died of rabies at the Institute of Child Health (ICH) in Egmore on Monday. This is the third rabies death at the hospital this year.Doctors said M Azin of Samdharya Nagar in Ambattur was admitted to the ICH with rabies on Sunday.The boy's relatives told doctors that on April 18, Azin was playing with a stray dog when it pounced on him and bit him in the face and hands. \"He was taken to a nearby private hospital and given an anti-rabies vaccine. They did not follow it up with the other doses of the vaccine,\" said ICH director Dr P Jeyachandran.On May 6, he was found behaving strangely and brought to the ICH. \"His parents said he turned away when given water and often became breathless. These were classical symptoms of rabies. We confirmed the diagnosis when they told us he was bitten by a dog. Rabies is 100% fatal,\" said one of the treating doctors. He died at 9.25am on Monday, Dr Jeyachandran said.Corporation of Chennai health officer P Kuganantham said corporation officials caught hold of more than 20 stray dogs from the Ambattur area on Tuesday. The boy's relatives were given preventive doses of infection and the house was cleaned with disinfectants.\"We will conduct screening camps in the area to test other residents on Wednesday,\" Kuganantham said. According to statistics available with the corporation, 40,446 people in 2010 and 38,454 people in 2011 were bitten by dogs across the city.Some residents of Ambattur complained that they were on their own when it came to tackling stray dogs. Two-wheeler riders are often chased by stray dogs during late nights and the corporation's dog-catching squad had been dysfunctional for more than a year, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062368", "title": "Jagadeesh in 'White Paper'", "text": "Radhakrishan Mangalth is in the workshop of his new film 'White Paper' after 'Sakudumbam Shymala'.Jagadeesh is all set to play the protagonist in 'White Paper'.The film is produced by Johnson Joseph in the banner of 'Radhakrishna Creations'. And the script is by Salin Mankuzhi.Nedumudi Venu, Jagathi,Suraj Venjaramoodu,Madhupal,Edavella Babu,Lena are the other stars in the movie.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058552", "title": "More than 35 cows seized from 2 trucks", "text": "KANPUR: About 35 cows, being smuggled in two trucks, were recovered. Two persons were arrested for taking these animals for slaughter on Tuesday. The incident took place in Naubasta.The arrested persons were identified as Imamuddin alias Pappu and Bunty, residents of Etawah district. They were nabbed in the afternoon, when the stopped the trucks coming towards Naubasta.The cops conducted a search and found 35 cows. One animal was recovered dead. The arrested persons admitted that they were taking the animals to Pratapgarh from Hardoi to be slaughtered there. They failed to show documents regarding transportation of animals, Naubasta SO Vipin Rai said.During interrogation, it came to light that the animals were loaded by a cattle trader named as Devanand in Sandi area of Hardoi district.The arrested persons were booked under Section 3/8 of the Cow Slaughter Act and Animal Cruelty Act-11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057823", "title": "Whistleblower kin seek probe", "text": "NEW DELHI: Shelves stacked with files and books at the Vasant Kunj residence of 61-year-old whistleblower Ravinder Balwani narrate a tale of activism. An RTI activist and a crusader against corruption, Balwani died of head injuries, in mysterious circumstances, on April 26. A retired manager of Delhi Transco Limited, he was found fatally injured near a bustling marketplace, less than 2km from his house, in the evening. That day too, he had pursued a case pertaining to alleged misuse of resources by a senior power sector official in the Delhi high court.While Delhi Police claims Balwani's case is one of \"hit and run\", his family alleges there is more to it than meets the eye and wants a thorough probe. He is survived by his wife, Anjana, a former school teacher, daughter Sonia, who is a physiotherapist, and son Varun, who works in the hotel industry. The family wants justice. \"There are many loopholes in the police theory that it is a hit-and-run case. My father's death is shrouded in many unanswered questions. We must get the answers so that my father gets justice,\" Sonia Balwani told TOI.Pointing at the files in her father's room, she recalls how her father fought tirelessly for justice and never feared anyone. She said his crusade started way back in 2001.\"My father filed a complaint against an MLA who got him transferred when he refused to take a bribe. He fought at different levels to seek justice and finally his transfer was revoked. We got worried when he took on the MLA but he was not one to give in to pressure,\" says Sonia. Since her father's death, the family has been going through his many files with RTI applications and information collected by Ravinder Balwani.Varun says his father used the Right to Information Act extensively to expose the wrongdoings of officials in the power sector. He was actively involved in the RTI campaign of Magsaysay Award winner Arvind Kejriwal's NGO Parivartan way back in 2005. Manish Sisodia, a close aide of Kejriwal, remembers Balwani as an active crusader.\"He was actively using RTI even before the central Act came. He was seeking information under Delhi Right to Information Act before that,\" Sisodia added.Balwani was known as an active complainant at the office of Delhi Lokayukta. Officials here remember him as an active senior citizen who tirelessly pursued cases.He is learnt to have filed three complaints in the office of the Lokayukta. One was against a senior official in Transco for allegedly misusing his official position for personal benefit. Another was against two former members of Delhi Electricity Regulatory Commission. This case was regarding revision of electricity tariff by DERC. The order of the Lokayukta had been reserved in this matter.A third case was against Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and power minister Haroon Yusuf in a matter concerning installation of power plants without adequate allocation of gas to them. This had been dismissed by the Lokayukta as it was withdrawn by Balwani later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13059937", "title": "Bharat Earth MoversLimited chief gets bail in defamation case", "text": "BANGALORE: A metropolitan magistrate's court on Tuesday granted bail of Rs 25,000 with surety of similar amount to VRS Natarajan,chairman and managing director of Bharat Earth Movers Limited (BEML),in a criminal defamation case filed by KS Periyaswamy , advocate and shareholder of the company . The 9th additional chief metropolitan court directed Natarajan to inform about any change in address .Periyaswamy filed the criminal defamation case against Natarajan and MEV Selvam in October last year , alleging that the former had defamed him at the 46th annual general body meeting on August 13, 2010.\"He (Periyaswamy ) appears to be suffering from psychological problems or mental disorder ,\" Natarajan had allegedly said .Natarajan told the magistrate that he has already surrendered his passport to the CBI, which his probing the Tatra trucks deal case .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059506", "title": "Institute to pay for stalling class", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Mumbai District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum on Saturday ordered a coaching class to refund Rs 10,000 paid as fees and also a compensation of Rs 7,700 to a Dadar (W) resident after it abruptly discontinued his son's classes.The Dadar (W) branch of ITian's Foundations will have to pay Rajesh Khadatare Rs 10,000 with 9% interest. Khadatare will also get a compensation of Rs 5,000 for mental agony caused due to deficiency in service and Rs 2,000 as costs of this complaint.According to Khadatare, in June 2011, he enrolled his son Soham who was studying in Std IX for a one-year course at the institute. The main object of the course was to prepare the students for IIT Foundation and help ICSE students excel in the board exams. On July 17, 2011, Khadatare paid an annual fee of Rs 13,500.He contended that the institute said that coaching classes would be conducted every Saturday and Sunday and each class would last for two hours. The classes conducted for the first two months were mostly regular with only a few of gaps. But between September and November 2011, the classes were grossly irregular. Finally, from December 2011, there were almost no classes. Despite repeated requests over the telephone and personal visits, no classes were held, Khadatare said. On January 21, 2012, he sent the institute a letter requesting them to conduct the classes and impart the education as promised in the institute's brochure, but they did not respondAlleging deficiency in service, Khadatare filed a complaint in the forum on February 10, 2012. He submitted the brochure of IIT Foundation, fee receipt and the letter as evidence. Though a notice was served to the institute, it did not appear before the forum and an ex-parte order was passed. The forum said from the brochure and letter, it appeared that the institute had failed to provide the necessary service to Khadatare's son.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056822", "title": "Infopark-II has still not zeroed in on a name", "text": "KOCHI: Almost seven months after it advertised for name suggestions, the second phase project of Infopark Kochi is still nameless. Despite getting 300-odd suggestions, the Infopark authorities have not found an apt name for the project coming up at Kakkanad.\"We have shortlisted a few names, but they don't meet our expectations. We are still open to suggestions,\" says Infopark CEO Gigo Joseph. Some of the suggested names are the usual ones like Infocity and InfoparkKeralam.All IT parks in the state are identified by a unique theme-based name. For instance, all the towers in Technopark are named after the rivers of Kerala like Pamba, Periyar and Nila. The Infopark at Kakkanad has spiritual names like Tapasya, Thejomaya, Vismaya while at the Koratty Infopark the towers are named after trees.\"We have been calling it Infopark second phase. But we need to give it a name so that towers can be christened around a central theme,\" adds Gigo.Infopark had announced a 'Tag the Park' contest way back in October, asking people to suggest a name. The best name will be awarded cash prize and memento. \"We are looking for a name that will be in sync with our green theme as envisaged in the master plan, which brings together technology and green environment,\" he says.The name will be used as an attractive element while marketing for companies to set up their offices. Meanwhile, piling work is going on in full swing for the main building, which is coming up on the banks of the Kadambrayar river in Kakkanad. The master plan has been developed by Canon Designs USA.The second phase is being developed on 160 acres at the Kunnathunadu and Puthencruz village. The domestic park in this phase is aimed at creating cost-effective infrastructure for the BPO industry. It will have all state-of-the-art facilities like shopping arcades, town centre plaza, convention centre, women's hostel, guest house, facilities for rest and recreation and boat club.Almost seven months after it advertised for suggestions for a name, the second phase project of Infopark Kochi is still nameless. Despite getting 300-odd suggestions, the Infopark authorities have not found an apt name suitable for the second phase which is coming up at Kakkanad.\"We have shortlisted a few names but they don't really meet our expectations. We are still open to suggestions,\" said Gigo Joseph, Chief Executive Officer, Infopark. Some of the names that came were the usual ones like Infocity, InfoparkKeralam etc.All the IT parks in the state have been identified by the unique theme names. All the towers in Technopark have the names of rivers of Kerala like Pamba, Periyar, Nila etc. The Infopark in Kakkanad has spiritual names like Tapasya, Thejomaya, Vismaya while the Infopark at Koratty, the towers are named after trees.\"We have been calling it Infopark second phase. But we need to give it a name so that towers can be christened around a central theme,\" he added.Infopark had announced a 'Tag the Park' contest way back in October asking people to suggest a name. The best name would be awarded a memento and an attractive cash prize too. \"We are looking for a name that would be in sync with our green theme as envisaged by the master plan which brings together technology and green environment,\" he said.The authorities wanted the name to be used as an attractive element while marketing for companies to set up their offices in the second phase.Meanwhile, piling work is going on in full swing for the main building in the second phase of the Infopark which is coming up on the banks of the Kadambrayar river in Kakkanad. The master plan has been developed by Canon Designs USA which has envisaged a green township.The second phase of Infopark Kochi is being developed in 160 acres of land at the Kunnathunadu and Puthencruz village. The domestic park in this new phase is aimed at creating cost effective infrastructure for the BPO industry. It will have all state of art facilities including shopping arcades, town centre plaza, convention centre, women's hostel, guest house, facilities for rest and recreation, boat club, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058322", "title": "Minor molested", "text": "NAGPUR: Two youths entered a house and molested a 17-year-old girl while she was at her sister's home with her nephew. The incident took place on Monday afternoon under the jurisdiction of Hudkeshwar police station. tnnPolice said last week the girl had come to her sister's home in Nagpur. Around 4.30pm, she was alone with her nephew when one of the accused, Nitin Zade from Girad, and his friend entered the house and molested her. The girl screamed and alerted the neighbours. Fearing people's rage, Zade friend fled the spot but Zade was caught and handed over to cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13057585", "title": "Kieron Pollard getting better: Shaun Pollock", "text": "MUMBAI: Kieron Pollard, the big-hitting West Indian of Team Mumbai batted and bowled in the nets on Tuesday, the eve of their IPL game against Team Bangalore at the Wankhede Stadium. It's clear that despite the Trinidadian's poor form, he still is a vital cog in the wheel of Team Mumbai, along with Lasith Malinga.Says Team mentor Shaun Pollock, \"Pollard is putting himself through the paces in the nets at the moment. We will wait to see how he comes through that and see how he feels in the morning.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057578", "title": "Rampant taxi refusals peeve passengers", "text": "KOLKATA: It was barely 7 pm. A woman waited outside Nehru Children's Museum with her child, trying to get hold of a taxi. Several empty ones approached. The first few swerved to the right to avoid her. A couple of more stopped near her, heard that she wanted to go to Girish Park and sped away. The next one demanded Rs 20 more. \"Khali phirte hoy (We have to return empty),\" the cabbie reasoned. Finally at 7.30pm, the woman agreed to pay extra.About 3 km to the north, on the flank opposite the Oberoi Grand, a family of four approached one taxi after another for a ride back home to Beliaghata. The cabbies sat on the boots of their vehicles preparing khaini or smoking bidis, but none was prepared to go. After a while, the head of the family threatened to call the cops. \"Dako na police. Keu kichchhu korte parbe na. Phaltu jhamela na korey samner theke bus dhore nao. (Call the police. Nobody will help you out. Instead of creating unnecessary trouble here, go to the next crossing and take a bus,\" a cabby said. It was just 9.30pm.In spite of assurances by the government and the police, taxi refusals in the city have gone up manifold in the last couple of months. Unlike in the past, cabbies aren't even bothering to stop and ask where a person wants to go. They are simply speeding away if they feel that the person may want to go to a destination which is not to their liking. Even if they stop, an absurd demand is made to put off the would-be passenger. There are some who are smarter. They place a red duster on the front of the meter that says 'For Hire' while looking for passengers. If hauled up by the police, they claim that they are done for the day and move away to a safer location.The gravity of the situation has now got the unions worried as well. After all, it was the unions which had told the government in February that taxi drivers should have a right to refuse passengers during lunch hours and after 9 pm. In January, state transport minister Madan Mitra had cracked the whip on errant cabbies after which the situation had improved to a certain extent. After receiving support from the unions, the cabbies have taken refusal to a different level altogether.\"We realize that the situation is grim. We are receiving complaints everyday. Taxi drivers are not only refusing and charging extra, many of them are also misbehaving with passengers. We have spoken to Citu and other unions and will convene a meeting on Thursday to discuss the matter. We have demanded a new fare structure but that doesn't give the drivers a right to refuse passengers or misbehave with them. We have also come to know that the worst time of the day is around 10pm when the drivers wait for the clock to read 10.30pm after which they can charge 15% extra,\" said Bimal Guha, secretary, Bengal Taxi Association.The police admit that there has been an alarming rise in the number of cases of refusal. \"Unfortunately, few official complaints are lodged. I have now directed traffic sergeants to call me up immediately if they come across a refusal case. I will conduct a 'hearing' immediately after listening to the versions of the sergeant, the passenger and the cabbie. If the cabbie is at fault, his license will immediately be suspended for six months,\" said Dilip Adak, deputy commissioner of police (traffic), added areas.The Kolkata Police have also started a service by which people can lodge a complaint by typing TAXI TAXI NUMBER LOCATION DATE TIME on their mobile phones and send it to 575756. Officers claimed that action is being taken on complaints received through e-mail or social networking sites like Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13059825", "title": "Black film drive: 14 out of 20 challaned vehicles had weapons", "text": "PANCHKULA: The drive to remove black films from cars has thrown up a startling fact - many youths carry blunt and sharp edged weapons with them. When the Panchkula police challaned cars of youths with tinted glasses, these had baseball bats, hockey sticks and special sluggers with nails, in them. Not just boys, even girls keep themselves suitably armed in their vehicles. Out of the 20 challaned in Panchkula, 14 had weapons.\"During our drive, we discovered that most youths were carrying these weapons in the dickey. We found these only when we removed tints and checked the cars. These youths are in the age-group of 20 to 23,\" said in charge of Panchkula traffic police, Inspector Ajay Disodia. He added, \"We also saw that besides simple weapons, some special weapons were also discovered, a slugger attached with nails. When we questioned them, they came up with a variety of reasons. While some said they were going to play baseball, others claimed that they needed it for safety.\" The officer also said they might have prevented a number of crimes which were scheduled to take place by this drive. \"These are college-going students and in order to become daring they carry weapons. They use these weapons to threaten others,\" said another officer.The drive was carried near the toll tax barrier and Mansa Devi Complex in Sector 5, Panchkula on Tuesday. \"Such weapons are usually recovered from youths during elections at Panjab University and other colleges, but now they have started carrying this in routine. This is a very disturbing trend,\" added Disodia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13059059", "title": "Slow and steady, Trichy hopes to weed out plastic", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy corporation resumed its drive against the use of plastic products below 40 microns and conducted a series of raids in commercial establishments from May 1 in the wake of the order from the district collector to make Srirangam and Samayapuram plastic-free zones.During the raid in Srirangam and Thiruvanaikaval areas, more than 1,000 kg of plastic products such as carry bags, cups etc were seized. However, the enforcement did not stop vendors in other areas of the city from selling the products. For example, some shops near Gandhi Market are still selling plastic products below 20 microns unmindful of the consequences.Vendor B Sunil blamed the officials for not taking stringent action against plastic manufacturers and instead punishing vendors by seizing the products. \"When the officials abandon the raid after a few days, the situation goes back to what it was. People are also reluctant to pay heed to the health and environmental hazards although some have started preferring paper cups and plates,\" he said. As of now, he sourced plastic items from factories in Dindigul district.Another wholesaler Ajay said that officials often did not have a machine to measure the plastic micron level and seized even the quality products. Meanwhile, people had slowly started purchasing paper products from the past three months, he said.According to the Trichy corporation, the raids on plastic had been put on hold for a few months. But they had again resumed the drive following the collector's order and passed a resolution to impose a fine from Rs 100 to Rs 10,000 for using plastics below 40 microns. Around four tonnes of plastic had been collected through raids for the past few months. They will be utilised for laying plastic roads in the corporation limit.V Subbu, assistant commissioner of corporation, Srirangam zone who led the raid said that they could measure the micron level with a finger touch. He added that they would extend the raid in other areas of the city as well. The corporation advocated the use of paper products instead of plastics below 40 microns, he said.Dr K C Sekaran, city health officer (CHO) of Trichy corporation said that the continuous use of plastic products could lead to ulcers as well as cancer while the smoke from burning plastic adversely affected the ozone layer. He urged people to stop using plastic products and said that officials could not bring about a change on their own unless the people co-operated. The corporation also has a plan to buy a few machines to cut the plastic into pieces to sell it for reuse.P Mohan , state president of Tamil Nadu Youth Exnora, Trichy advocated non-woven polypropylene bags as an alternative to both plastic and paper products. They had distributed more than 10,000 bags to people during the Vaikunta Ekadasi festival in Srirangam this year. However, such items are not available in Trichy district.K Kalidass, president of the Trichy and Pudukkottai district plastic manufacturers and traders association demanded that corporation officials should use a machine to measure the micron level. There are around five manufacturing units in Trichy and Pudukkottai and they comply with the rules and manufacture only above 40 micron products, he said.District collector Jayashree Muralidharan said that they had commenced the drive in two tourist spots and would extend it to other areas as well. But since it was purchased from other districts, they could not ban the manufacturing units. People are aware of the plastic menace and the enforcement would bring about a change, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058732", "title": "Fresh trouble brews at Apna Ghar", "text": "PANAJI: The situation at the state-run home for children in need of care and shelter, Apna Ghar, seems to be getting murkier by the day. Now, the Goa Government Employees' Association (GGEA), speaking on behalf of the caretakers of Apna Ghar, has alleged that two of the four juveniles who were arrested by the police for their nexus with notorious gangsters and caretakers to commit thefts, were in the custody of NGO SCAN India on the day of their arrest by the Porvorim police.\"Two children arrested by the Porvorim police were in the custody of NGO SCAN India and the women and child department had permitted the NGO to keep the children in the staff quarters at Apna Ghar. How then, can the Apna Ghar caretakers be accused of being involved in the robbery committed by the juveniles when the children were not in the custody of the caretakers?\" asked GGEA general secretary John Nazareth.\"The needle of suspicion points also to SCAN India as the children were in their custody when they were arrested by the police. Their role in the issue also needs to be probed,\" added Nazareth. GGEA alleged that the caretakers have not been trained to handle juveniles in conflict with the law nor have they been told about their duties by the women and child department.SCAN India director Emidio Pinho said, \"We were given custody of the children by the Juvenile Justice Board.\"GGEA has also written a letter to chief minister Manohar Parrikar alleging that the functioning of Apna Ghar is virtually controlled by NGO SCAN India. \"The members have been given full liberty to visit the Apna Ghar premises even at midnight to interact with the inmates, beat the inmates and even take the inmates for unscheduled trainings outside the Apna Ghar campus,\" said GGEA president M L Shetkar.However, Pinho denied the allegations and said, \"We work in the interest of the child. When children become violent and the situation spirals out of control and the caretakers cannot handle it, the superintendent or matron at Apna Ghar calls us for assistance and we interact with the child in the presence of the counsellor at Apna Ghar and help control the situation.\"Women and child director Sanjiv Gadkar said, \"The caretakers have not discussed this issue with me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059758", "title": "National Environmental Engineering Research Institute to inspect Sewri mangroves", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday directed National Environmental Engineering Research Institute (NEERI) to conduct a site inspection of mangroves in the protected Sewri Bay area.A division bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar was suo motu hearing a PIL, taking cognizance of a complaint on destruction of mangroves due to the storage of coking coal used in furnaces by the Mumbai Port Trust (MbPT). The Sewri Bay area consists of mudflats, wetlands and mangroves.NGO Vanashakti has contended that since 2005, MbPT has being storing coking coal/coke at two sites; this has affected over 30 acres of mangroves outlining the east coast of Mumbai. According to its intervention application, the Sewri Bay area falls under Coastal Regulation Zone (CRZ) I and the wetlands have been classified as being of \"critical ecological significance\" as they support a large number of marine, bird and plant species. It is also a breeding ground for flamingoes. The plea says the storage violates orders passed in 2009 by the HC for the protection of mangroves.Vanashakti's advocate Snehal Paranjpe argued that due to the large-scale storage, the mangroves were being steadily destroyed. \"Coking coal destroys mangroves in two ways. When air-borne, it coats the vegetation of the mangroves and chokes them. It also seeps into the soil with rainwater and destroys the natural salinity,'' said Paranje.She said coking coal was is highly combustible and needs to be moistened with water. The contaminated water seeps into the mudflats, she added. Also, during high tide, the entire area gets inundated with seawater. \"Ironically, there is a board declaring the mangrove park but the mangroves behind it are dead,\" she said.MbPT advocate Girish Kulkarni countered the charges, saying storage was not the cause of salinity of water. He blamed the BMC's drains, saying they carried sewerage from various sources and these could contain effluents. \"The BMC ought to disclose what the component of the discharge is and from which place (it comes),'' he said.The BMC advocate opposed him, saying the civic sewerage drains were not discharging industrial effluents. There was a general consensus to get an expert opinion.The judges, while asking NEERI to inspect both sites, also directed N Vasudevan (state chief conservator of forests, mangroves) to oversee the entire operation. A report has to be submitted by June 7.The matter has been posted for hearing on June 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059817", "title": "Few takers for Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation\u2019s 60L pothole tracker", "text": "MUMBAI: The Rs 60-lakh pothole-tracking software launched by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) in November last year has received poor response. In the six months since its launch on November 5, the portal received only 419 complaints, i.e., an average of 70 complaints a month.The BMC, after having caught flak from all quarters over the city's pockmarked roads, launched the software to enable citizens to click pictures of bad stretches using their smartphones and upload them on the portal for real-time detection of potholes and speedy redressal. The location of the pothole is registered with the help of Google maps.The fact that the software is compatible only with android phones could be one of the reasons for its not-so-popular status. The portal's limited use could also be attributed to the poor redressal mechanism-of the 419 complaints, 153 are still to be addressed. While 128 were complaints about roads maintained by agencies other than the BMC, the civic body itself has addressed only 138 complaints.\"It is not that complaints have not been addressed. There are various reasons why 153 complaints are pending. Mostly, they are big patches of uneven surface which have been mistaken for potholes by people,\" said Shantanu Kulkarni, director of Probity, the firm that developed the software.The BMC's surveillance team, too, has been given android phones so that it can click and upload pictures of potholes.There are plans to allow usres of BlackBerry phones to use the facility.Meanwhile, till last month, the BMC had laid two major cement concrete roads and 59 asphalt roads. Officials said 34 cement concrete roads will be completed before the monsoon and 10 after. Five that were planned won't be taken up due to underlying water mains and storm water drains. The BMC aims to lay 83 asphalt roads before the monsoon and 23 after.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060084", "title": "Parties indulge in blame game", "text": "LUCKNOW: Memories of Bhatta-Parsaul once again resurfaced, as political parties vied with each other to gain political mileage from the tragedy, which struck the twin villages in Noida last year. On Monday, Congress leaders visited the villages to fish in troubled waters.Leading the group, Khurja MLA Banshi Singh Pahadiya arrived here to show solidarity with victims and the affected, but was ticked off by villagers. The harried lot demanded action and not mere lip sympathy.A Samajwadi Party delegation also came down to feel the pulse and left after making promises of a speedy justice and now the BJP has also joined in the race to score some brownie points.On Tuesday, former BJP president Rajnath Singh shot off a letter to UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and demanded sympathetic handling of the knotty issues facing the residents of Bhatta-Parsaul.Drawing the CM's \"attention\" to the violence, which led to deaths and ruined hundreds of families, Rajnath reminded him that that SP had condemned the police action at that time. This was the reason why people were hopeful that the government would make sincere efforts to heal the wounds of the victims once SP formed its government.\"However despite the optimism, cases filed against the farmers since last one year are still not withdrawn. Leaders like Manveer Singh Tevatia and many farmers like him are still behind bars and the government has not provided any monetary help to their families,\" Rajnath pointed out, and demanded withdrawal of all cases registered against the farmers and release of those who are still languishing in jails, apart from the rehabilitation package .Talking to TOI, Tevatia's wife, Nutan said that though 23 arrested persons have been released, things in the village are far from normal. The police had registered cases against 3,000 unidentified villagers, which is a major concern here. \"No one can feel safe under the circumstances,\" she said as she stressed on same concessions to Bhatta-Parsaul, as handed over to Tappal farmers.Nutan along with other farmer leaders is also desperately trying to meet chief minister, but has not been able to get an appointment.\"SP spokesperson and MLC Rajendra Chaudhary has assured us that the issue is being legally scrutinised and things would soon work out. With Rajnath Singh's letter, the government would probably be forced to be more attentive to our plight,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058390", "title": "Pigs back on airport runway", "text": "NAGPUR: An Indigo airlines flight from Mumbai had to abort landing at Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport last week after its pilot spotted a pig on the runway. The incident has again exposed the inability of the airport authority to control the stray animal menace. Even as airport operator Mihan India Limited (MIL) has denied the incident, sources at the airport confirmed it.Sources also added that the pilot spotted the animal on the runway around 12.55pm and alerted the Air Traffic Control. He aborted the landing and carried out a go-around to land some 25 minutes later, sources disclosed.This was the latest in a series of incidents in which pilots have had to delay take-offs or abort landings. Around 35 such incidents have been reported since 2007. In over 20 incidents, stray animals have actually hit the aircraft.A senior MIL official on the condition of anonymity said that pigs, stray dogs and peacocks can be seen roaming near the operational area and other parts of the airport premises. However, were no such incidents in the recent past due to various steps initiated by MIL, he said. Even NMC officials have been asked to depute teams of animal trappers twice a week to clear the airport area of dogs and pigs.Senior airport director and CEO of MIL VK Yadava confirmed that the Indigo flight aborted landing and carried out a go-round, but said that the pilot preferred to do it because of air turbulence. \"The pilot may have noticed the turbulence during landing and for the safety of passengers went for a go-around.There is no report of animal straying on runway reported by the pilot or airlines in this regard,\" he said. MIL COO Abadesh Prasad too gave the same reason for the go-around.Both senior officials said that MIL has kept up efforts like installation of zon guns, using fire crackers and even appointing experts to guard the runway. As a final step to ensure animal-free runway, MIL has plans to isolate the 3,200-meter main runway from the rest of the area with a 1.5 meter high 'solar fence'.Yadava said the city airport will become the first in country to have a solar fencing to protect the runway by checking animal intrusion. The moment an animal it touches the fence, it will experience an electric shock that will be enough to create fear among stray animals like pigs, dogs and even monkeys. An alarm will also be activated and alert guards to help them capture the animal, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13060025", "title": "After West Bengal, Uttar Pradesh clamours for Rs 93000 crore bailout", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party MPs petitioned Prime Minister Manmohan Singh for a Rs 93,000 crore package for Uttar Pradesh, joining Trinamool Congress in seeking central money for state's development and showing how the President's election has given new leverage to regional outfits to nudge the Centre.The delegation followed a meeting chief minister Akhilesh Yadav held with the PM on April 14. Samajwadi MP Ramgopal Yadav told reporters, \"In the last five years, UP has not been given its due. The Centre should compensate now and help in the development of the state. We had gone to request and remind the government about it.\"The Samajwadi MPs sought a special meeting at the Centre to discuss UP while arguing that central money could be released in small installments and need not be given in one go. The PM has agreed to the demand for an exclusive discussion on the state, party MP Naresh Aggarwal said.The renewed pressure from SP, with two meetings with the PM in less than a month, stems from the fresh opening that Samajwadis see to squeeze funds from the Centre. But it is not alone this summer, with Trinamool and JD(U) having seized on Congress's need to win allies for the presidential contest to put forth their demands.The sudden plunge from Bihar and UP in seeking central help is significant. The finance ministry believes that Bengal, Punjab and Kerala are debt-trapped states but bailout to them would be used by Bihar and UP to seek similar aid.Observers point to the presidential poll to argue that the Centre may not be in a position to bluntly turn down the states.The Bengal ally has been waiting for the finance minister to fulfill its wish for moratorium on debt repayment for months, but there has been a sudden burst of protest from its ranks coinciding with the hype over presidential poll. Mamata Banerjee's dash to Delhi and her party's decision to embarrass the Centre in Parliament reflect its estimate that UPA is vulnerable to bargaining now.In fact, Bihar CM Nitish Kumar seems to have tempted Congress shrewdly. After stunning the BJP by protesting its statement that Congress nominee would not be acceptable to the opposition, the wily leader slammed the Centre for dismissing Bihar's demand for \"special status\". Kumar has shown remarkable timing to renew his wish which was made over three years ago.While the presidential poll seems a good bargaining chip, observers said Congress could also be fancying JD(U) as a potential ally after Lok Sabha polls, another reason why Kumar may be feeling encouraged to push his agenda with the Centre.The mega presidential battle, where Congress is well placed but cannot take allies for granted because of its number deficit, seems to have reconfigured the Centre-state relations with regional outfits trying their best to wangle out a deal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060377", "title": "BJP MLA's son dies of gunshot wounds", "text": "LUCKNOW: Son of a sitting BJP MLA was killed and a person injured in firing, which followed a spat over petty dispute on parking space in Civil Lines area of Gonda on Tuesday. The incident occurred when Gaurav Singh, son of BJP MLA from Katra Bazar Bawan Singh had gone to RN Pandey Nursing Home in connection with some work.Gaurav, who was also a doctor, had a dispute with the guard, Babloo Pandey, of the nursing home. According to police, Gaurav wanted to park vehicle at the gate, whereas Pandey insisted on parking vehicle at the designated place. The dispute led to verbal duel which turned ugly when both the parties exchanged fire. Both Gaurav and Pandey suffered gun shot injuries. While Gaurav was referred to CSMMU's trauma centre in Lucknow, Pandey was admitted in a private nursing home where his condition was said to be serious. Gaurav died while on way to Lucknow. Tension prevailed in the area after the news of Gaurav's death arrived. BJP workers assembled in large number and held administration responsible for incident.While police claimed that incident was a fallout of a dispute and both the parties were equally responsible for the shootout, BJP leaders described the incident as failure of law and order in the state where firing and killing has almost become a routine affair. Extra police was deployed in the area as a precautionary measure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13060444", "title": "High scoring Plus II answer sheets to be re-evaluated", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even though Plus II results are yet to be announced, around 2,000 students have secured 90% or above marks in the examination, sources said. Three subject experts will scrutinize their answer sheets, which were segregated from the rest , before results are published tentatively towards May-end.\"The examination committee will very soon decide on how to go about these answer books,\" council chairman Nihar Ranjan Patnaik told TOI on Tuesday.Council sources said the subject experts concerned will re-confirm that the valuation has been done without any bias towards or against any student. But as such they will not award marks on their own. Majority of the high scorers are from science stream, though there are some from arts and commerce streams as well.In case the subject experts raise doubts about favours being shown to certain students, their papers will go to a higher level committee for further authentication. \"The idea is to remove any doubt about fairness in the evaluation process and to eliminate all chances of manipulation,\" another senior council officer said.CHSE controller of examinations (CoE) Jasobanta Behera said, \"The entire process of authentication will be completed within the next one week to 10 days to publish the results on time.\" He, however, declined to elaborate how the \"scrutiny\" is going to be done.The CHSE had segregated the answer sheets of those getting 90% or above. During the evaluation of answers in April, CoE in a letter had asked the valuation zone supervisors to make subject-wise packets of all such answer books. The supervisors were told to hand over these packets to officers authorized by the controller to receive mark foils, where marks of each student of a particular evaluation centre is entered.After the CHSE move, some examiners were wary of awarding high marks to students to avoid the hassle of re-evaluation, sources said.Though the CoE letter had not mentioned its intention behind the move , sources said the higher education department had asked the council to separate the high scorers' answer papers suspecting that some self-financed colleges may be influencing the results. In 2011, majority of the top 10 positions in Plus II science stream were shared by two comparatively new self-financed colleges.Exam factsResults expected: May last weekStudents appeared: 2.79 lakh, including 1.75 lakh in arts stream, 70,000 in science and 25,000 in commerceValuation done: By 5,000 examiners in 46 valuation zonesExamination held: In 1,065 centres from March 2 to April 2", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059561", "title": "\u2018Fine fleet cab operators for fare refusals\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The black-and-yellow taxi union has accused the transport department of inaction against fleet taxi operators for refusal of fare for short distance journey.AL Quadros, general secretary, Mumbai Taximen's Union (MTU) said, \"The government has different yardsticks for fleet taxi operators and the black-and-yellow taxis. There is no mechanism in place to check how many fares have been refused by call centre executives, appointed by the fleet taxi operators.\"Quadros said, \"Both the services are bound by the same permit conditions and the penalties are same.\"Transport commissioner V N More said, \"We have not received any specific complaint against fleet taxi operators. However, if there is any complaint, we will ask for an explanation and take action.\"Rajesh Puri, CEO, Meru cabs, said, \"Whenever, we get a call, we never reveal the destination to the driver. Moreover, we also impose a Rs 500 fine on a driver who declines the fare.\" MTU also strongly opposed the demand of fleet cab operators to have a minimum fare of Rs 100.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13058398", "title": "Task force asks Mangalore City Corporation to stop unmetered water supply soon", "text": "MANGALORE: The task force overseeing the implementation of recommendations of Third State Finance Commission on Tuesday took severe umbrage at the continued practice of supplying water through public taps by urban local bodies (ULBs).Reviewing the progress of ULBs including Mangalore City Corporation (MCC) in executing the recommendations in Dakshina Kannada, AG Kodgi, chairman of the task force said failure of ULBs in the district, which is regarded highly for its literacy levels, to ensure metered water connections for all is inexplicable.\"Delays in replacing faulty water meters too are an issue that ULBs have to deal with seriously,\" he added.Kodgi also pointed out that water is being misused in the name of poor and ULBs must step up efforts to provide connections to all those who are dependent on public taps and bear the connection costs.Former mayor Shankar Bhat said at the meeting that the Jala Bhagya scheme, wherein BPL families get water at subsidised rates, gets extended because of political compulsions and beneficiaries of the scheme should also be provided with metered water supply.Harish Kumar, commissioner, MCC said that the city corporation will undertake a concerted drive to disconnect all public taps from June 1 and has already issued a statement through the media to create awareness on the issue.Kodgi said the task force has no issues with ULBs giving water to any section of society for free as long as there are enough cross-subsidies in place to ensure that actual cost incurred in supplying water is met. On the practice of supplying potable water in tankers, Kodgi said the practice should be stopped soon as the quality of water supplied by the tankers is not guaranteed.T Thimme Gowda, a member of the task force, said that the state government has issued clear instructions to ULBs to remove public taps because they contribute to water wastage.The force also instructed ULBs to effectively monitor trades that are carried out without proper licences.Trade licence is the main source of income for ULBs, Kodgi said, adding that civic bodies must ensure that not a single trade in their limits is carried without a licence.R Meghana, revenue officer of MCC, said that the revenue department has undertaken a campaign to ensure that all commercial operations across the city are done with proper trade licences issued by the corporation. DC NS Channappa Gowda was present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059859", "title": "Senior artists paint ode to Kabiguru", "text": "GUWAHATI: Five renowned artists - four septuagenarians and one octogenarian - from Assam picked paid a very personal tribute to Rabindranath Tagore on his 151st birth anniversary on Monday. Having grown up learning about Tagore, Neel Pawan Baruah, Pullock Gogoi, Gauri Barman, Benu Mishra and Trailokhya Dutta creating paintings based on and inspired by the bard's works and life. The event, held at the State Art Gallery in Guwahati, was organized by the Directorate of Cultural Affairs.Pullock Gogoi, who focused on Chumban (Kiss), a poem by Tagore, said: \"I have based my work on his concept of love, which according to him was free flowing in nature. I have depicted trees and its leaves, the birds, the skies and everything that defined love. His works deeply influenced me and I am happy to give honour to him. There is no subject in the world that he hasn't touched upon.\"Benu Mishra, who picked the grim subject of death, said: \"I have based my painting on the poem 'Jeevan Jokhon Shukher Deh'. When I was a student at Shantiniketan, I witnessed the centenary celebrations of Tagore's birth and today I am proud to pay my tributes to him through my art.\"Gauri Barman, who painted an abstract figure depicting Tagore, said: \"I am expressing my tribute through colours. I have always loved his 'Snehar Kobita' and his works too had a profound impact on me.\" Octogenarian Trailokhya Dutta was not too concerned about a particular subject: \"It doesn't depend on the subject. A tribute is a tribute no matter what, and I feel great to offer my ode to a man who meant so much to me and the world.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059178", "title": "VAT dept earns Rs 2K cr more from Surat in 4 years", "text": "SURAT: The value added tax (VAT) receipts from the city have increased by Rs 2,000 crore in just four years' time. At least 75 per cent of these payments have come through e-payments.\"This is an indicator to the development and higher purchasing power of local citizens,\" said Dr Kiran Pandya, HoD, Research Methodology, VNSGU. \"The population has also increased to touch the 45 lakh mark but higher income has led people to spend more. This reflects in VAT figures.\" tnnA district collectorate official said, \"Four years ago, every one opposed the e-payment mode but it looks more than75 per cent of people have adopted it. This is the most convenient mode of payment and hassle free.\"For the current financial year, the VAT department's target has been set at Rs 5925 crore. Last year, the target was initially set for Rs 4,500 crore, but revised it to Rs 5,970 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13058975", "title": "First chikungunya case in MP reported from city", "text": "BHOPAL: A 37-year-old man was tested positive for chikungunya in Bhopal on Tuesday. District malaria officer (DMO) said it is the first case of the mosquito-borne viral disease in Madhya Pradesh this year.Health authorities say a positive case of chikungunya is an isolated case. \"The infected person is a native of Jaipur and was visiting his relatives in the city,\" said DMO Dr Padmakar Tripathi.The chikungunya sample was received by the DMO office last Friday. \"The condition of the affected person is under control,\" he added.Over the past week unseasonal rains and fluctuations in the city's weather has led to an increase in flu-like infections, civil surgeon Dr Veena Sinha said. \"The number of patients suffering from mild viral fever and upper respiratory tract infections has gone up in the past few days. If the weather continues in a similar way, cases of infections are likely to increase.\"At a recent meeting, district collector Nikunj Shrivastava reportedly asked the district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) to make doctors accountable for any outbreak of water-borne diseases including swine flu , chikungunya and malaria in their respective areas.In Bhopal this year, 14 suspected chikungunya cases have been reported with one positive while in 2011, 104 suspected chikungunya cases were reported with 19 testing positive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059213", "title": "Stadium construction site to get special zone status", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Chief minister Oommen Chandy declared the construction site of Greenfield international stadium at Kariavattom as a special zone here on Tuesday. He was inaugurating the construction works of the Greenfield stadium.Sports minister K B Ganesh Kumar, who was also present, had requested to keep the construction site away from all the hurdles associated with loading and unloading processes, if possible. In response the Chandy said that the site will be declared as a special zone. \"As the sports minister requested, I declare the proposed stadium site as a special zone and the matter will be put before the Cabinet tomorrow itself as the timely completion of stadium is important,\" he said.Designed to the specifications of both the ICC and FIFA , the stadium is a unique public private partnership initiative that aims to bring the world of international sports to the state. The stadium incorporates a range of environmentally friendly initiatives, including extensive use of solar panels, rainwater conservation and a unique construction style which blends with the landscape.The stadium which is going to cost Rs 161 crore is being implemented as a joint initiative of the National Games secretariat and Kerala University through Kariavattom Sports Facilities Limited. The 50,000 capacity stadium will host the opening and closing ceremonies of the 35th National Games.In his presidential address Ganesh Kumar said the whole process is being done in a transparent manner. \"We have had multiple bodies checking all aspects of the deal and this will continue throughout the length of the project. In fact a team from the film development corporation is going to film the progress of the entire project and post it on the project website for public to watch,\" he said.Education minister P K Abdu Rabb said that the fact that the stadium is going to be used years around makes it different from other such projects, \"Usually people think of stadiums as dead investments but this is going to be used for one thing or the other throughout the year and that in itself is remarkable,\" he said.Kazhakootam MLA M A Vahid and Kerala University vice-chancellor A Jayakrishnan were also present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058113", "title": "Metro to raise height of walls at stations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The recent spate of suicides has finally spurred Delhi Metro into action. On Tuesday, as another youth committed suicide by jumping off the Govindpuri Metro station, Delhi Metro chief Mangu Singh ordered a network-wide survey of all elevated stations. The survey, which will look at the possibility of raising the station walls or railings, depending on the design of the station, is expected to begin soon, said Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) officials.\"DMRC is really concerned about the suicides taking place on the Metro premises and appeals to the public to help the corporation prevent such incidents by keeping a watch on the behavioural patterns of those around them. Metro staff and security personnel should be alerted to thwart any such attempt,\" said Anuj Dayal, spokesperson of Delhi Metro. The appeal comes amid the dramatic rise in the number of suicides at Metro stations. Delhi Police records show that seven people attempted suicide at Metro stations in the past three months, of which six died.According to a DMRC official, once the survey is done, railings or walls, which are usually 3.5m in height, will be raised to around 5m. \"We've seen that the edge of the platform is where people tend to jump from,\" said the official. Delhi Metro has asked its station staff to be vigilant, especially since most of the CCTVs are positioned near the main platform area. \"While we are planning to install passenger screen doors at six Metro stations, the fact is that screen doors are primarily for crowd management and not to prevent people from jumping off platforms,\" added the official.Delhi Metro officials said while no timeline has been decided for the survey, the corporation would try to implement the exercise soon.\"Once the survey results are in, we hope to start the work as soon as possible. It will be completed in phases,\" added the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13059126", "title": "Nithyananda dares mutt heads to install CCTVs in their rooms", "text": "MADURAI: Self-styled godman Nithyananda has hit back at Hindu religious heads and mutts in Tamil Nadu for opposing his anointment as the 293rd pontiff of Madurai adheenam, the oldest Saivite mutt.Ever since the announcement of his succession to 292nd pontiff of Madurai adheenam, Arunagirinatha Desikar a fortnight back, Nithyananda chose to go soft on the religious outfits and heads of mutts who opposed his nomination and was only defending his anointment stating that the allegations levelled against him were false.But on Tuesday, he came down hard on religious leaders who opposed him posing a challenge if they were ready to install CCTV cameras in all the rooms of their mutts' premises for public to view their activity.\"I am ready to install surveillance cameras in my rooms. Are the individuals who oppose me ready to install the cameras so that their activities could be monitored round the clock? Let a neutral body monitor the cameras so that the activities of all mutt heads would become transparent,\" he challenged during a press conference.\"The true colours of the persons opposing me would be out if such cameras were installed,\" he charged.The Madurai adheenam is caught in a controversy over the appointment of Nithyananda as its 293rd pontiff, who grabbed headlines two years ago when a sleaze tape allegedly featuring him and a Tamil actress was telecast by some Tamil television channels. Nithyananda and a few of his associates were arrested by the police on various charges, including rape and fraud.He was later released on bail. Ever since his anointment, several Hindu organisations and mutts have demanded his withdrawal.\"There are about 800 mutts in India. Only 13 are opposing. The individuals opposing me have not contributed anything to Hinduism,\" Nithyananda said, reiterating that he would not buckle down under pressure.Seated alongside the senior pontiff, Nithyananda said that a library would be set up by the Madurai mutt to promote Tamil and Saivism. In the backdrop of the controversy over the vast resources of the mutt and the donations he had paid the mutt, Nithyananda said that in a year all the asset details of the mutt would be posted online. The transactions of the mutt would also be uploaded regularly in a bid make the functioning of the mutt transparent, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060219", "title": "In search of parking space", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the corporation still sitting on their plans to construct multi-level parking facilities in required areas, the parking problem in the city is stalling development. To add to their woes is the growth in vehicle population. Given the situation, it is no surprise that parking offences have multiplied in the recent past.\"City police had booked 15,313 cases for parking offences last year, an alarming increase when compared to the 7,300 offences registered in 2010,\" said T Senthilkumar, deputy commissioner of police, traffic. Just four months into this year, traffic police have already booked 3,970 parking offences within city limits. \"Parking offences have increased nearly two-fold in 2012 compared to last year. Efforts are on to curb such violations by taking stringent action against the culprits,\" he said.The major offences happen in commercial hubs. \"Many shopping hubs in the city do not have adequate parking space. Areas such as Oppanakkara Street, Cross Cut Road and 100-Feet Road are very congested,\" he said. It is not possible to make changes quickly in these crowded areas. The congestion is more of a problem during festival time when the vehicle population increases dramatically.Most parking offences were reported from commercial hubs and market areas, Senthilkumar said. With the vehicle population increasing 10 per cent annually, the parking offences also seem to be increasing each year.\"There are nearly 691 No Parking zones in the city and efforts to identify spots where it would be required are in process. However, the major problem is in identifying new parking areas. Many of the new parking spaces operate without proper permits. They create congestion and trigger accidents,\" he said.\"We have put in place some measures to identify illegal parking spaces and take firm action against the culprits,\" Senthilkumar said.Coimbatore Corporation Commissioner T K Ponnusamy said that the work to construct multi-level parking would begin soon. The corporation has to select consultants, who would prepare and submit a detailed project report. Four areas were identified in 2008.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057006", "title": "Court stalls construction on Metro plot", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday asked DDA and DMRC not to go ahead with the construction of a multi-storeyed housing society on plots acquired from University of Delhi for Vishwavidyalaya Metro station here.\"Status quo to be maintained till further orders,\" Justice Hima Kohli said in an interim order on a petition of the university, which had leased out plots to DMRC.DU has alleged that Delhi Metro Rail Corporation further leased out some portion of the land near the parking area at the station to a private builder for constructing a multi-storeyed residential group housing society and this act was contrary to the mandate of the Master Plan Delhi-2021.DU argued three hectares of land was acquired by DMRC for setting up the Delhi Mass Rapid Transport System (MRTS) and now under the garb of generating resources they have allotted a portion of it to private builder Young Builders (P) Limited.The university said this was being done in violation of the provisions of the Master Plan of Delhi-2021 and development control norms for Metro stations contained in it. DU had challenged DDA's May 12, 2011, decision which allowed Young Builders to construct a high-rise multi-storeyed group housing society on a portion of the land leased out to DMRC for operating a Metro station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058568", "title": "Technical glitch delays AIEEE online exam in city", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The online exam for All India Engineering Entrance Exam (AIEEE) that was held on Monday at the LJ Engineering College in the city proved to be a nightmarish experience for students. The exam was delayed by at least one-and-a-half hours owing to technical glitches.The exam which was supposed to be conducted from 10 am to 1 pm got over at 2.30 pm owing to technical problems. Sources in the college said the examinees in room numbers 7, 8, 9 and 10 were stuck owing to technical errors. \"They had to be then shifted to a different room. The centre coordinator spoke to National Informatics Centre (NIC) officials and sorted out the error,\" said college officials.\"Some Ahmedabad colleges were the centres made by the NIC for the online AIEEE exam. The written exam was held last week in Gujarat. More than 50,000 students had appeared in the test,\" said a college administrator of the city.Last year, in AIEEE 70,000 students had appeared in online and written exams. This year, the number has grown to 75,000. All online exam centres in the city also were fitted with CCTV to keep an eye on all examinees and prevent mass copying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur/amravati", "code": "13058360", "title": "Amravati airport: MADC eyes 270 acres", "text": "NAGPUR/AMRAVATI: Though the Maharashtra Airport Development Company (MADC) may not have been a le to acquire the entire land required for its flagship Mihan project in Nagpur, it is hoping to get possession of the 270 hectares it needs for the Amravati airport, soon.As of now, MADC does not have any immediate plans for this project. A decision on whether this airport will be run on built operate transfer (BOT) basis or MADC will directly run the show will be taken later.It's been just a week since the process started and payouts for 30% of the area required have already been disbursed. Apart from the much touted cargo hub and Mihan special economic zone (SEZ), this state government company is also developing airports in small towns such as Amravati, Gadchiroli, Solapur, Jalgaon and Shirdi.If the project materializes, it will be the region's second airport. MADC is also in the process of acquiring land for the Solapur airport where it needs over 250 hectares.Known as the Belora airport it is only an airstrip which is being used for VIP aircraft or chartered flights.MADC's vice-chairman-cum-managing director UPS Madan told TOI that both the Amravati and Solapur airports have reached a similar stage of land acquisition.\"The basic idea is to create an infrastructure for commercial operations in small centres and then look ahead for a demand. Such airports can't be compared with those in Nagpur or Pune. Initial linking with the city on one side and Mumbai on the other would be enough. A decision to run the airports with or without a private partner will be taken later considering the market factors,\" said Madan.An official in the Amravati collectorate which is conducting the acquisition process said that the job may be completed by June-end. So far, payments have been made for 80 hectares of land in Belora and Nimbora Lahe.He added that over 99% of the oustees have agreed to part with their land which was acquired after mutual negotiations. A rate of Rs 6, 9 and 12 lakh an acre has been offered depending upon the irrigation facilities. Negotiations started over a year ago and ended in a couple of rounds, said the official.Orders for land acquisition were issued in 2009. Initially, there was resentment after a farmer ended life. Later farmers agreed following a series of meetings with the district administration.The cost of acquiring land in the four villages is estimated at Rs 60 crore. So far, two villages have been covered with MADC depositing Rs 28 crore, said the officer. \"In all, there are 204 oustees and the good compensation offered made them part with their land. One family is yet to give its consent because of internal disputes,\" said the officer involved in acquisition process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059777", "title": "PGI: OT technician suspended", "text": "CHANDIGARH: PGI premises looked almost like a fortress, on Tuesday, with massive police force deployed in and around the premise to prevent any violence within the campus. Over 100 resident doctors had gone on mass causal leave following the slap allegation. The work was however restored in the evening as the doctors called-off the casual leave, on Tuesday, following suspension of OT technician Gurpreet Sethi. PGI officials have also decided to take disciplinary action against all resident doctors who went on mass causal leave. Despite the fact that the administration had taken immediate action, the resident doctors went on mass casual leave affecting patient care services.\"The resident doctors had been requested to join work immediately. The strike is illegal and disciplinary action will be initiated against those who have violated the conduct rules,\" said official spokesperson of PGI. Fifty per cent of the planned surgery suffered and only 2,633 out patient department (OPD) patients were attended, which is 50% of the routine attendance.Satisfied with the administration's decision, president of the OT technician association said, \"We have been conveyed that the reason for the suspension is not the recent slap allegation. It's on the basis of previous complaints against Gurpreet. He has been suspended for a month. We will not counter the decision.\"On Monday, the resident doctors held a general body meeting of the association of the resident doctors (ARD). This was to protest against the decision of the administration which had not suspended the technician. \"We had intimated our department heads about the mass casual leave. All of them managed OPD work on Tuesday,\" said Dr Sandeep Patel, president ARD.On May 3, over hundred resident doctors assembled near the director's office alleging the misbehaviour of Gurpreet Sethi. A committee was constituted by the administration under the chairmanship of Prof Y K Batra on Saturday, to ascertain facts about the present conflict between the resident doctor and technician. The report was submitted on Monday at 7pm after which the administration initiated disciplinary action against the OT technician. On the basis of this report the technician was suspended on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060335", "title": "BJP to crack whip on Raje loyalists", "text": "JAIPUR: The show of strength by Vasundhara Raje camp might just prove to be an \"expensive\" move for her loyalists. The state leadership on Tuesday - in order to initiate disciplinary action against them - decided to approach Raje herself for the list of legislators who have handed over their resignations to her.\"The party has not received a single resignation but there are reports that several legislators have submitted theirs to Raje. When several of them were approached, they denied it. As the resignations have turned into a major debate, we will request Raje to provide us with a copy of names of those who have submitted their resignations,'' said state BJP president Arun Chaturvedi, adding that apart from requesting Raje, the party leadership would try to gather details from other sources as well.The future course of action would be decided only after the list is provided to them, said Chaturvedi. The decision was taken during a meeting of the senior state leaders at the residence of party's former chief whip Mahaveer Prasad Jain, a known Raje baiter. The meeting was attended by legislators Ghanshyam Tiwari , Gulab Chand Kataria and senior members Onkar Singh Lakhawat, Lalit Kishore Chaturvedi and the state president.Prior to this, vice-president and in-charge of the disciplinary committee Lakhawat, while interacting with the media, had said that the party is studying the clause in Section 10 of the Constitution as per which the membership of a legislator from the assembly is terminated once he or she resigns from the respective party membership. We are trying to gather details on how all have resigned and as what and study the clause to understand it better,'' said Lakhawat.He said that the party's district presidents based on media reports asked to verify which office-bearers and workers in their districts have put in their papers. As per the directives, the district presidents have individually started calling those who names have appeared. As two members of the Yuva Morcha from Bhilwara and Banswara accepted to have submitted their resignations, the state party leadership relieved them off their posts immediately.Meanwhile, despite the state president's warning a day earlier and the party initiating disciplinary action, supporters continued to visit Raje's official residence. The stream of resignations from party workers also continued but already having made a formal appeal against the resignations, Raje's staff refused to accept the resignations.The feud within the state BJP has been out in the open since Saturday night, after Raje threatened to resign from the party's primary membership opposing the party's decision to give Kataria's Lok Jagran Yatra a green-signal. In her support, 61 legislators including two independents have submitted their resignations to Raje. According to reports, several office-bearers, workers and former legislators too have submitted their resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059558", "title": "Beautician who assaulted woman, daughters on run", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after a 45-year-old woman, Shehnaaz Shaikh, was brutally assaulted by her beautician Sabira at her Mumbai Central residence, the police were unable to trace the accused. The victim, meanwhile, regained consciousness after undergoing a life-saving surgery on Monday night.Police recorded statements of Shehnaaz's daughters, Sahiba (18) and Misbah (17), who were were also attacked by Sabira.\"We have not been able to ascertain the motive or piece together what transpired in the lead up to the attack. The victim is not able to speak as she sustained a deep cut on her neck,\" said V Sawade, senior police inspector of Nagpada police station.Sahiba told TOI that Shehnaaz was their beautician for the past three years. \"She had become my mother's close friend,\" she said.According to Sahiba, Sabira came to their house on Monday evening and chatted with the victims for a while before asking Shehnaaz to come to the bedroom as she wanted to discuss personal issues. \"After 45 minutes, my sister went to the bathroom and saw my mother coming out of the bedroom holding her neck and bleeding profusely. Sabira was standing behind her with a knife,\" said Sahiba. Sabira then slashed the hands of the girls before Sahiba managed to snatch the knife. \"Sabira managed to slip away as we were attending to our mother,\" said Sahiba.Reportedly, Sabira had gotten into an argument with Shehnaaz last month over a credit given by the victim to the accused.\"This was planned. The accused had got a knife and has fled with five gold chains. Her daughter was to get married next month so she probably needed money,\" said a police officer. Sawade said the accused's phone was switched off and she had not returned home.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13057007", "title": "Teen kills classmate to settle old score", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Police on Tuesday arrested a teenager for allegedly murdering his classmate and friend on the premises of their school at Muttar on Monday.The motive behind the murder of Lejin Varghese, according to police, was to avenge a petty clash between the two when both of them were class IX students of St George Higher Secondary School, Muttar. The accused admitted to the police that he was plotting the murder ever since \"Lejin manhandled me for complaining against him to the teacher\".\"Since then I was waiting for a chance to kill him. I got a chance when the school reopened on Monday for vacation class,\" the accused told the police. \"After classes were dispersed at 11.30am, I took Lejin to bathroom. Other students had gone home. I hit him many times and when he tried to escape, I slit his throat with a knife and a piece of broken glass,\" he admitted.The accused had carried the knife and glass piece in his school bag. Rest of his statement gives more gruesome details of the crime. \"In order to confirm his death, I hit his head with a granite piece several times. After that, I washed my dress and went home,\" he said. Later he went to Edathua church and from there to Ambalappuzha and Thakazhi. He was arrested from the Changanassery railway station while waiting to board a train to Kanhangad where his maternal relatives live.\"We recovered the blood stained knife, which was tied to his leg. We also recovered the glass piece and his blood smeared clothes,\" K Maheskumar, Alappuzha DySP, told TOI. The body of Lejin, elder son of Varghese Mathew and Lancy, Nammanasseri, Chatthankeri, Thiruvalla, was handed over to his kin after an autopsy on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062257", "title": "Mamta Kulkarni owns three flats in Mumbai", "text": "She was known for her risque outfits. In fact, in September 1993, when the actress posed topless for a film magazine, she was charged under India's obscenity laws. But the outspoken actress lashed out at the masses calling them 'hypocrites'.Mamta Kulkarni, reveal industry insiders, is still as bold and outrageous as ever. And she has moved to Dubai . However, what surprised us was the fact that the girl, who made Ranaji famous in Karan Arjun, still owns three spacious flats in Sky Anchorage Apartments in Andheri. What's more, the actress has no intentions of disposing them off in the near future either.A source close to Mamta revealed that the actress is rather possessive of her property in Mumbai. \"She sends about Rs 90,000 to the Sky Anchorage society every year for maintenance. Over and above that, she pays up to Rs 51,000 as property tax. The money is shelled out by her boyfriend Vicky Goswami, who she lives with in the UAE ,\" said the source.Mirror has learnt that Mamta and Vicky have recently sent Rs 8,75,000 to the society that plans to start redevelopment soon. The couple even made nominations for their Andheri property. \"Mamta has nominated her sister as the caretaker. This just goes to show that Mamta and Vicky are still very much together,\" added the source.During the 1990s, Mamta Kulkarni was part of several blockbusters including Rakesh Roshan's Karan Arjun, Sabse Bada Khiladi, Aashiq Awaara and Krantiveer. However, after Rajkumar Santoshi's China Gate failed at the box office and the actress accused the filmmaker of having made indecent advances, her Bollywood career took a downturn. Acting offers dried up and she shifted in with her boyfriend Vicky in Dubai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "13057606", "title": "District inspector of schools opposes school dress code", "text": "MALDA: The district inspector of schools (DI) stood in favour of the teacher who was pulled up for wearing salwar kameez to school. It may be recalled that Tandra Burman, an assistant teacher of Aiho Girls' High School was hauled up on May 3 by the principal Sipra Basak Bhoumik and the managing committee members. Of late, the school managing committee run by Trinamool Congress has been insisting the teachers to wear saree.But Burman continued to wear salwar kameez as it helped her in travelling by bus. On Monday, both the principal and the teacher met the DI with their allegations against each other. Bhoumik alleged that wearing salwar kameez meant going against the sentiments of villagers.DI Parthasarathi Jha, however, said, \"According to a high court ruling, no school can compel a teacher to wear a particular dress. Rather exerting pressure on a teacher in this regard would land the school in trouble.\"He also urged both of them to withdraw the complaints and will visit the school on May 18 to get to the root of the matter.It may be recalled that Tandra Burman, an assistant teacher of Aiho Girls' High School of Malda was hauled up on 3rd of this month by the Principal Sipra Basak Bhoumik and the Managing Committee members. Burman who has been teaching this school since 2002, was wearing salwar instead of saree. Some other teachers too joined her in her attire. Of late the school managing committee which was won by Trinamool Congress was insisting the teachers to wear saree. Although the other teachers switched over to saree, Burman refused. On 3rd May she was called in the meeting of MC over this issue. She said, \"Being a left handed it is really uncomfortable for me wear saree and do the board work. Moreover I feel at ease in my daily journey by bus wearing salwar.\"Bhoumik was reportedly in no mood of listening to her logic. This led a heated argument when Burman demanded to see the order regarding this. Bhoumik along with other MC members lodged a complaint against Burman to Habibpur police station. Bhoumik said, \"Tandra misbehaved with me and the committee had decided to lodge complaint against her.\" Taken aback with the school's decision, Burman too lodged a complaint to police feeling 'insecure' in the school.Last evening both Bhoumik and Burman came to DI. Bhoumik insisted that the salwar goes against villagers' sentiment. \"Students too opined against it. They want to come with dresses they like if Tandra continued with salwar\", Bhoumik said. On the other hand Burman along with most of the teachers said, \"Principal shows an intimidating attitude. She threatened us with dire consequence if we don't follow her.\"Jha observed, \"Dress code cant be imposed on teachers as per High Court ruling.\" He urged both the principal and teachers to withdraw complaint against each other and assured to visit school on 18th of this month. he said, \"I presume that the real issue lies elsewhere not in dress code.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13058026", "title": "Local train fares cheaper than rly platform tickets", "text": "NASHIK: The railways decision to hike platform ticket charges but leave the passenger train fares unchanged has made the entire move redundant as people buy local passenger train tickets to the nearest station.The platform ticket rates were increased from Rs 3 to Rs 5, while the fare to the nearest station from Nashik Road railway station is just Rs 2.\"The fare to Deolali or Odha station by passenger train is Rs 2 per person and is valid for the day. So, those who are frequent visitors to the station benefit from it and also spread it to fellow passengers or visitors,\" railway sources said, adding that the number of such passengers at present is very less.There are three passenger trains from Nashik towards Deolali-at 1.20pm, 4pm and 10.15pm-while towards Odha are at 5am, 11am and 7.05pm. Sources said people in the know about the fares buy tickets to either Odha or Deolali station, which has a validity of 24 hours. The platform tickets are valid only for two hours.\"Since the ticket examination system is not strict, there are people who buy this ticket. Whenever they are stopped at the gate, they give an excuse that they are waiting for the train,\" sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13059168", "title": "Smart cards for pensioners launched in Madurai district", "text": "MADURAI: For Pushpam and other 146 beneficiaries of Sivarakottai village, social security schemes like old-age pension, destitute pension and widow pension, the concept of biometric smart cards is new, as they were told that they can use the cards to draw their pension money directly, unlike the earlier method of getting them despatched through the post offices.They can also draw the necessary amount and keep the rest as savings instead of receiving Rs 1,000 at one go.Though they are yet to get familiarised to the cards, the idea has thrilled many as they need not tip the postman anymore. Many of them agreed that they used to pay Rs 20 to 30 to the postman as tip out of Rs 1,000 pension they get from the government.\"We are going to be given some card and they told us it has got lot of benefits,\" Seethammal, a villager said.On Tuesday, Madurai district collector U Sagayam officially commenced the distribution of biometric smart cards through Canara Bank, in 22 villages and Sivarakottai was one among the beneficiaries.K M Lakshmipathy Kumar, deputy general manager of Canara Bank told media persons that the bank has identified 160 villages with a population above 2,000 in Madurai district. Through this method, all the social security schemes from the state government will be distributed through the bank with a business correspondent selected from the native village. The beneficiaries will collect their old age, widow and destitute pensions.\"Out of these 160 villages, 29,000 beneficiaries have been identified and accounts were opened for 20,000. On Tuesday, smart cards were distributed to 4,000 beneficiaries in 22 villages.Before the end of June 2012, 100 villages will be covered and by July end all the 157 villages will be distributed with the smart cards,\" Kumar mentioned.Sagayam, who addressed the beneficiaries, said that the smart card system will be beneficial to them. He urged the revenue officials to implement the social security measures wholeheartedly and identify all the deserving persons from the villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058537", "title": "Hotel room catches fire", "text": "MYSORE: Goods worth Rs 2 lakh were gutted after a hotel room on the second floor of Maharaja Hotel on JLB road caught fire on Tuesday.Furniture, including a cot, sofa set, fan and television was consigned to ashes, however the timely intervention of fire personnel prevented the fire from spreading to other rooms and averted a major mishap.Fire station officer Devaraj said the room was locked and a ceiling fan, which was functioning , fell on the cot. The bed eventually caught fire due to the heat produced from the fan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058913", "title": "College girl dies as stove bursts", "text": "CHENNAI: A 21-year-old college student died on Monday night of burns sustained in an accident at her house in Arumbakkam.Police said S Kalaiselvi of Kulakarai Street, a first year BSc student of DG Vaishnav College in Arumbakkam, tried to light the kerosene stove to boil milk when it burst and her dress caught fire.\"She was trying to boil milk for her brother's child. Her mother was washing utensils outside the house,\" said an investigating officer.Hearing her cries her mother and neighbours rushed there and sprinkled water to douse the fire. They took her to the Government Kilpauk Medical College and Hospital where she died late in the night, police said.A case was registered under section 174 CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059064", "title": "State panel welcomes apex court order on Haj subsidy", "text": "RANCHI: State welfare minister Haji Hussain Ansari has welcomed the Supreme Court proposition in which it has asked the government to progressively withdraw Haj subsidy over the next 10 years. Ansari, who is also the chairman of Jharkhand Haj Committee said, every pilgrim spends at least Rs 1 to Rs 1.25 lakh and gets a subsidy of around Rs 12,000, which is a very meagre amount.\"Every year a case is filed in the court requesting withdrawal of subsidy to Haj pilgrims. This is a humiliation and by asking to withdraw subsidy in phased manner, the court has done a good thing,\" said Ansari.The Supreme Court on Tuesday struck down the government's policy of giving subsidies to Haj pilgrims. The division bench of Justices Altamas Kabir and Ranjana Prakash Desai held that subsidy should be eliminated over a period of 10 years.The Supreme Court of India was hearing an appeal filed by the Centre challenging a Bombay high court judgement, which had directed the Union ministry of external affairs to (MEA) allow certain private operators to handle 800 of the 11,000 pilgrims earmarked under the VIP quota subsidised by the government.Ansari said every member of the community will be happy with the Supreme Court suggestion, as henceforth no one will get an opportunity to drag the issue to the court every year during the Haj season around this time.State president of Indian Union Muslim League Syed Amjad Ali also welcomed the Supreme Court proposition for the elimination of the subsidy.\"We did get subsidy, but then we were forced to travel by the airline chosen by the government, which charges a very high fare. Once the subsidy is lifted, we will be free to travel by an airline of our choice, which may charge us less fare,\" the IUML state president said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058154", "title": "Honey badger, flying squirrels sighted around Gateway to Tiger Land", "text": "NAGPUR: The 24-hour machan (waterhole) census conducted in tiger reserves, sanctuaries and national parks on May 6, the Buddha Pournima day, not only delighted wildlife buffs but also revealed hidden wildlife treasure in Vidarbha's rich forests. Sighting of rare animals like mouse deer in Navegaon National Park and, honey badger (chaandi aswal) and flying squirrels in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) were reported.TATR is known for its tigers. It lived up it as 40 tigers, including cubs, and 12 leopard sightings were reported from its three ranges - Kolsa, Moharli and Tadoba. On the same day last year, sighting of 39 tigers, 15 leopards and 191 bears was recorded.Although, the National Tiger Conservation Authority (NTCA) doesn't approve the waterhole census, terming it as unscientific, the number of sightings is an indicator of animal density in the particular area. Of the 1,707 tiger estimated to be in India, 169 are in Maharashtra. In a few months, tiger numbers of each reserve will be announced.After the withdrawal of machan census in 2007, barring TATR no park allowed volunteers. It was only after the recent Palsagaon incident when a tiger was killed and another got entangled in a metal trap, panic buttons were pressed by the forest department and NGOs were allowed to take part.TATR continued to be the most-sought destination by wildlife buffs with 144 volunteers being allowed to take watch on 138 machans. In Tadoba range, this time 11 tigers, 2 leopards and 19 sloth bears were sighted.Sarang Mishrikotkar, a student, was lucky enough to sight two honey badgers. \"I also saw a mother sloth bear carried her 2 offsprings on her back to quench its thirst and a leopard secretly crouched near the waterhole waiting for its prey to come closer,\" said Sarang.Dr Swati Kulkarni (three of the four in Pandharpaoni, Tadoba range) and Anuradha Dorlikar (Telia female with four cubs, Moharli range) were among the lucky ones to spot tigers.\"I was lucky to sight 15 sloth bears including 4 cubs from my Dewada road machan. A bear even tried to climb our machan at 11.30pm,\" said Rohan Vinkey of Cobra Adventure and Nature Club, Yavatmal.A forest guard at Yenbodi machan in Tadoba too had a similar shock when a tiger cub attempted to make its way up.The Pench tiger reserve and the newly declared Mansinghdeo wildlife sanctuary adjoining Pench emerged dark horses with 12 tiger and 8 leopard sightings. Three tiger sightings were also reported in Tipeshwar sanctuary in Yavatmal.GK Vashisht, assistant conservator of forests (ACF) for Pench, said 8 tiger sightings were recorded in East Pench followed by 2 in West. He added that 2 tiger sightings were recorded in Mansingdeo's Chorbahuli range near Pench and a leopard sighting in Saleghat.In Bor sanctuary, while rains played spoilsport, Navegaon, New Navegaon National Park, Nagzira and New Nagzira sanctuaries showed up good herbivore and carnivore sightings.Record reveals that in Navegaon 6 leopards, 85 sloth bears, 311 bisons, 36 sambars, 30 chitals, 151 wild boars and 272 nilgais were sighted. Interestingly, in New Navegaon park, the sightings included 17 leopards, 5 sloth bears, 46 bisons, 17 sambars, 19 wolfs and a rare mouse deer besides 13 boars.In Nagzira, five tiger sightings were reported. In New Nagzira (Umarzari), a tiger was sighted besides, 7 leopards, 28 bisons and 12 sloth bears. There could be record of more animals as reports of sightings from territorial areas were still awaited.In Melghat, no volunteers were allowed. \"As time was scarce, we couldn't revamp our machans. The reports of sightings are still awaited,\" said VM Godbole, deputy conservator of forests (wildlife), Akot.There was resentment among volunteers in Tadoba as several machans were not up to the mark and at many places volunteers were shifted late. To this Sinha says, \"We did not want make new machans by cutting tree branches.\" On the flip side, the volunteers were provided food and water by the forest staff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057527", "title": "Bengal at heart of east policy", "text": "KOLKATA: If Hillary Clinton's two-day trip was like an American dream for a city schooled by years of communist rule to shun the \"imperialists\", a reality check brought with it the inevitable question - why Kolkata?There is the obvious reason - the US secretary of state was flying in from Bangladesh and Kolkata was the logical first stop. Besides, she had herself said she was keen to meet a woman chief minister, with whom she shares the common bond of going \"through the fire of electoral politics\". America's keenness to push for retail FDI and the Teesta water treaty with Bangladesh - two issues that face a big political hurdle in Mamata's staunch opposition - were believed to be the other key reasons why Hillary had chosen to begin her India trip in Kolkata.But the American courtship of a state run by the Left for over three decades is about gaining a toehold in a region that will only become increasingly significant geopolitically, analysts said on Tuesday. With Mamata calling the shots in national politics and Bengal sitting at the mouth of the corridor to the northeast, Bangladesh and Myanmar - that India's neareast policy aims to connect - it's a state the US would not want to ignore.Hillary was also supposed to meet M K Narayanan, but the meeting couldn't happen as the governor had prior engagements. Narayanan is held in high regard by the Americans for his role in the Indo-US nuclear deal and helping improve bilateral ties.During her interactions in the city, Hillary said that in terms of resources like water and energy, this part of the world had become significant. She also spoke of a new Silk Road Strategy through the northeast, connecting Bangladesh and Myanmar, adding it could help to resolve \"simmering historical differences\" between countries in this region.This, precisely, was the reason why she came to Kolkata, according to veteran political scientist Amal Mukhopadhyay. \"Hillary's travel plans would have been different had the US not had this region on its radar. The Teesta treaty was a good excuse to try and make an entry into this region as a benevolent mediator, with no apparent interest. It will get India and Bangladesh on the same platform. As for the silk route, Myanmar is taking its first steps as a democracy and links with an economically strong and politically stable region will help it. It is evident that the US is looking to build a support base in south Asia. To achieve that, it needs to spur Bengal and the whole of the northeast on a path of growth,\" Muklhopadhyay explained.Jayanta Kumar Ray, former chairman, Maulana Azad Institute of Asian Studies, feels Hillary's visit ought to be seen in light of the American approach to the entire Indian neighborhood, which includes Pakistan, Afghanistan and China. \"In 2014, when Nato forces will be withdrawn from Afghanistan, terrorists under various banners are likely to try to destabilize Afghanistan, Pakistan and India. In order to minimize the effect of this, it is essential that India's east and northeast remain reasonably free from the onslaught of terrorists, who have been sneaking in and supplying arms, narcotics and counterfeit currency,\" Ray says.Economist Ajitava Raychaudhuri feels it was evident from Hillary's remarks that she was keen to discuss Teesta and retail with Mamata. The CM had, after their meeting at Writers' Buildings on Monday, said the two issues were not discussed. \"The idea, of course, is to make India and Bangladesh resolve their issues. It will please both countries and pave the way for further cooperation in the region. It may not help the US immediately, but in the long run, it could be in a position to dictate terms,\" Raychaudhuri says.Ray feels improving Indo-Bangla ties is a priority for the US. \"Sheikh Hasina has shown courage in dealing with terrorists and it is important that she attains political stability,\" he says, adding Hasina's failure to clinch the Teesta treaty would give opposition parties like the BNP ammunition against her. \"A Teesta deal, on the other hand, will give Hasina a weapon to deal with the opposition and keep her in power, which both India and the US want,\" he says.Apart from the neareast policy, Bengal also has a crucial role to play in India's Look East policy and can become the gateway to more engagement and connectivity with Bangladesh, Thailand , Myanmar and other Asean countries. \"Bengal, too, has a key role to play in the economic and political stability of Bangladesh,\" Ray says.Purusottam Bhattacharya, professor of international relations, Jadavpur University, points out that the western media has kept a keen eye on Mamata since her historic poll victory. \"The US understands the role regional leaders are playing in national politics. Hillary had met J Jayalalithaa (Tamil Nadu CM) last year. She obviously knows the importance of talking to powerful regional players,\" he says, adding, \"Mamata plays a key role in the UPA and Hillary wanted a first-hand experience of what she thinks of the US. It was a strategic decision to meet Mamata and, as I see it, a part of America's larger Asian strategy.\" Economist Dipankar Dasgupta endorses this view. \"The state government now plays an important role in national policy-making. This visit was an acknowledgement of that fact. It also conveyed the message that the US sees this region as an area of importance,\" the economist said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058866", "title": "Muslims in city hail SC order ending Haj pilgrimage subsidy", "text": "CHENNAI: Muslims in the city welcomed the Supreme Court order abolishing Haj subsidy, but for different reasons. While some felt it could remove suspicions of favouritism, others said Haj was anyway the pilgrim of the well-off. Of the 7,000 people from Tamil Nadu who went on Haj last year, 4,000 had got subsidy on travel and accommodation, which comes to about 38,000.\"It is fine since there has been no transparency in granting the subsidy. Now that there won't be any, the government should ensure better conditions and cheaper air fares for the pilgrims,\" said Mohammed Yusuf, a businessman.Many thought the directive would do away with corruption by middlemen on granting subsidy. \"Only a very small percentage of pilgrims were benefiting and there was no fairness in the system,'' said Anwar Pasha, a resident of Nungambakkam.A Faizur Rahman, a civil engineer and secretary general of the Isamic Forum for the Promotion of Moderate Thought welcomed the judgment. \"Haj in Islam is for those who can afford it. Earlier the subsidy was not going to the pilgrims. It was only a discount in the travel expense. If the government is concerned about the welfare of Muslims, it should divert the subsidy amount for the uplift of the community rather than subidise the travel,\" said Rahman.Mohammed Ghouse, a functionary at the Nagore Dargah said, \"It is the will of god as to how the money should be used for the betterment of the community and it is best left that way.\" Anwar Haleem, a businessman, said the order makes it clear that nobody can stand to get undue benefits. \"It's good since the money can now be spent on schools, hospitals and for the welfare of the community.\"A top official of the Haj Committee of India said more has to be done to remove inequality in Haj. \"Someone should put an end to the monopoly enjoyed by Air India and Saudi Arabian Airlines in transporting Haj pilgrims. Why not call for a global tender and give it to the lowest bidder to ensure transparency? I only wish the money would now be used to help the community.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13059560", "title": "NLFT militants kidnap four tribals", "text": "AGARTALA: National Liberation Front of Tripura (NLFT) militants on Tuesday kidnapped three tribals from a jhum (slash-and-burn) cultivation hut from the remote eastern hills of Tripura on Monday. A small faction of NLFT has been reportedly operating in the state under the leadership of Upendra Reang, son of former CPI-M MLA Binduram.Police said a heavily armed group of militants raided the hut at Bhagiratpara along the Indo-Bangladesh border while the villagers were sleeping early on Tuesday morning and abducted the four - identified as Pradhanjoy Tripura (27), Mahancha Tripura (30), Rabinjoy Tripura (20), and Charmajoy Tripura (26) of Bhagirath Para - at gunpoint.Charmajoy Tripura was later released by the extremists and the police are questioning him about the incident. According to Charmajoy, the militants had taken him into a hideout in Bangladesh , but they did not ask for any ransom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058181", "title": "Pench villagers kill, eat crocodile", "text": "NAGPUR: A full-grown crocodile was killed by Kolitmara villagers in Pench Tiger Reserve some four days back, however the incident was kept under wraps till Tuesday.A number of incidents had been reported recently by villagers about cattle and domestic animals like dogs going missing. A girl had also been killed by a crocodile near Kolitmara in Pench river last year.Sources told TOI that the villagers suspected a crocodile was behind the killings and decided to take matters in their hands. Four days ago, villagers traced the crocodile and chased it in the water in boats and killed the animal using spears. They cut up the carcass and allegedly recovered the remains of some dead dogs in its stomach. Some villagers later also cooked the meat of the crocodile and tasted it, said reports.Crocodiles come to Kolitmara from Totladoh reservoir, which is situated in the heart of Pench reserve.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13059250", "title": "'Toxic' ship will not berth in Alang for now", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The controversial vessel 'Oriental Nicety', previously known as Exxon Valdez, may not go under the shipbreakers' torches in Alang, at least for now.The Gujarat Pollution Control Board (GPCB) and the customs department have denied anchoring permission to the vessel. This means that the ship cannot enter the Alang port limits will have to remain in international waters.The 213,000-tonne tanker, which was earlier a massive crude oil tanker that caused one of the worst-ever oil spills in Alaska in 1989, was set to come to Alang on May 9.However, GPCB has refused permission till the Supreme Court decides on the petition filed by Research Foundation for Science asking the court to stop the vessel from coming to India on the grounds that it contains \"toxic\" waste.\"We have informed the Gujarat Maritime Board (GMB) that the vessel cannot be given permission to beach as the matter is subjudice,\" said a senior GPCB official.Surprisingly, despite the court case pending and all the controversy surrounding the vessl, GMB had given a green signal for the vessel to berth.Supreme Court has listed the matter for hearing on August 13. The court has sought to know from the authorities as to what steps are being taken to prevent the ship berthing in any of the ports in India without following conditions indicated in the Basel Convention.The vessel, which was ultimately converted into an ore-carrying vessel after the Alaska accident, was purchased by Alang-based Blue Oasis, a subsidiary of Priya Blue Industries led by Sanjay Mehta. The 300-meter long vessel is said to have been purchased from China-based COSCO Shanghai Ship Management company for around $16 million.Sources familiar with the development said considering the massive costs involved in keeping the ship in mid-sea, Blue Oasis is likely to approach the court again seeking permission to get the vessel berthed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13060511", "title": "Government official faces vigilance heat", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A senior state administrative officer came under vigilance glare on Tuesday for allegedly possessing assets disproportionate to his known sources of income. The officer in question, Pradipta Kumar Behera, works as joint director at Gopabandhu Academy of Administration in Bhubaneswar, vigilance sources said. Behera, an Odisha forest service officer, possessed assets, both movable and immovable, worth over 65 lakh, a vigilance officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057538", "title": "Mt Lhotse team loses 2 sherpas, survives avalanche", "text": "KOLKATA: An avalanche that threatened to wash away the Base Camp, two deaths and chunks of rock flying off Lhotse Face. The three-member expedition team from Kolkata has seen it all in the last three weeks, but has not given up. They have already tried out a climb to Camp-III, which is at nearly 24,000 feet and are now awaiting a six-day fair weather window to attempt the 8,516-metre Mt Lhotse, the fourth highest peak in the world.The team includes Soma Bhattacharjee, a housewife from Tollygunge. Should she succeed in scaling the peak, she will be the first woman from India to do so. It will also be the first successful attempt by a team from West Bengal.\"It was some experience. We reached Base Camp (17,600 feet) on April 14 and rested for the next couple of days. On April 16, we offered Puja at the camp. A Buddhist lama was the priest though the idols and photographs at the local temple were those of Hindu gods and goddesses. On April 17, we went to the Khumbu Icefall for practice. The next day, we again went to the icefall to gain height and acclimatize. We returned to Base Camp in the afternoon. On April 19, I practiced how to negotiate a very high ice wall and how to cross a crevasse with the help of ladders. The next day, there was more practice on the Khumbu Icefall,\" Bhattacharjee said from Base Camp.The two other climbers in the team are Dipankar Ghosh and Rajib Bhattacharyya, who scaled Mt Everest in 2011. Ghosh is also the team leader.\"On April 20, a sherpa died at the base camp. We rested there the next day but received further bad news. Another sherpa fell from a ladder and died inside a crevasse. At 2.20am on April 22, we moved towards Camp-I (20,000 feet). We moved across the Khumbu Icefall very carefully with the help of our head torches. We were accompanied by Karma Sherpa. We reached Camp-I at 8.40 am. It was terribly windy and we spent the night there for acclimatization,\" Bhattacharjee said.They returned to Base Camp the next day and rested for the next five days. On April 27, the massive avalanche occurred, threatening to wash away the camp. A helicopter was deployed to rescue some climbers and Sherpas who were injured. The next day, the team started for Camp-II (22,000 feet) at 2 am and reached there at 1.40 pm after a strenuous climb. On May 1, they decided to touch Camp-III (24,000 feet) and return to Camp-II. Subsequently, they returned to Base Camp are awaiting fair weather.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13058085", "title": "Asha was in flames as she ran out of home", "text": "BANGALORE: Rohit Benjamin, 16, was idling away the afternoon watching TV on Tuesday. Screams from the ground floor residence of a building on the other side of the road jolted him.He ran out and was numbed by what he saw: Asha, the housewife who stayed opposite to his house, was in flames as she ran out of the house. About 20 passersby had been drawn by the screams.Asha, the second wife of Venugopal, a petty businessman, and their 18-month-old daughter were allegedly set afire by him at their residence near KR Puram here on Tuesday as Asha had opposed his move to tie the knot the third time.\"I realized that something had to be done. I took a bedsheet from my house, ran towards Asha and wrapped her body with it. I could see her skin burning and vanishing. I think this image will live to haunt me for my life,\" said Rohit, a II PU student with New Baldwin College in Banasawadi.\"Asha then signalled that her child was inside. We ran inside only to see Chandana completely charred. The child opened its mouth twice, and then stopped breathing. We realized that she was dead. She was a cute little child and it was not easy to look at her body,\" another neighbour said.Rohit immediately called Asha's mother Manjulamma on her mobile. Others had summoned an ambulance which arrived and took Asha and her child's body to Victoria Hospital.He beat her in publicAfter learning of her husband Venugopal's plans to marry a third time, Asha had filed a dowry harassment case against him. Arrested and enlarged on bail, Venugopal allegedly beat up Asha in public. Asha reportedly alerted a local women's association whose members arrived on the spot and slapped Venugopal on his face, calling him a coward.The bashing up of Venugopal by women had been broadcast by a TV news channel.Afraid of Venugopal, Asha remained indoors most of the time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059525", "title": "Red-corner notice issued against Nepali", "text": "MUMBAI: The Kathmandu police have issued a Red-corner notice against a Nepalese national for cheating thousands after promising them job and good salary in Singapore. The accused, who left Nepal a few months ago, is suspected to be working and staying in Mumbai.A circular, issued to all the 93 police stations and the specialized units in the city, has asked cops to check if Rajesh Gaurang alias Keshaw Lama (32) was staying in their jurisdiction or obtained a job in the city. \"The suspect has cheated thousands of Nepalese by promising them jobs in various Singapore firms,\" the circular said. Lama, a resident of Natragang VDC, Ward number 6, Sarlahi district, Nayawasti Jorpati in Kathmandu, was working as a recruiting agent there. He duped several unemployed youth, including educated ones, after promising them jobs. The accused is suspected to have taken huge amounts from the victims, Days after promising the jobs, he shut down his office and fled the country.A copy of the red corner notice, however, did not contain any details about Lama like his photograph, height, any specific identity mark, his educational qualification, etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13059752", "title": "Union Territory escapes power pangs", "text": "CHANDIGARH: City residents have been saved from a big jolt by way of power bills as tariff has been hiked by only 10.22% against the proposed increase of 67%. A new slab has been added to the tariff chart, besides consumers will not have to pay any arrears as the tariff hike will be applicable from May 1 onwards.Though UT electricity department had asked for a much higher hike, Joint Electricity Regulatory Commission (JERC) for state of Goa and Union Territories has slashed it substantially for the financial year 2012-13 for domestic, commercial and industrial consumers, terming the hike as \"reasonable and equitable.\"The power tariff hike proposed by the electricity department in the aggregate revenue requirement submitted to JERC was more than 67%. As per the department, they had proposed this much hike to overcome the revenue gap of Rs 332.94 crore which had increased due to no tariff hike imposed by the department from 2005 to 2010. Also the department would overcome losses faced due to power thefts and unauthorized connections.The commission has also increased the slabs for domestic and commercial consumers from two to three. The new slabs would be 0-150kW, 150 to 400kW and above 400kW, whereas earlier it was 0 to 150kW and above 150kW. During the public hearing by JERC on March 5, some of the consumers had raised this point. \"With the breaking of the slab, those using more power would pay more, and those using lesser power will pay less,\" said M P Singh, UT superintending engineer.Before this year, it was in June 2011 that the department had increased the power tariff by 27 to 30%.The commission has also disapproved employing more staff to the electricity department, saying that the department was overstaffed. The order states, \"Considering that the All India average number of employees per thousand consumers is one employee for every 2,500 consumers, it can be construed that the Electricity Department of Chandigarh is still overstaffed (as one person caters to only 75 people). Hence the commission does not consider and does not approve the projected manpower recruitment.\" However a few IT, commercial and accounts officers may be recruited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057494", "title": "HC stays Lokayukta order on Badarpur encroachments", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Tuesday stayed an order of Delhi Lokayukta directing removal of encroachment in the Badarpur area.Justice Vipin Sanghi granted a stay order against the Lokayukta on a batch of petitions by around 20 shopkeepers of the area who alleged they were the ones who stood to lose their livelihood if the Lokayukta's order was implemented by the South Delhi Municipal Corporation.In March this year, the Lokayukta Justice Manmohan Sarin had directed the SDM of Badarpur to probe allegations against the area MLA Ram Singh of encroaching on public land. After the official submitted his report outlining the demarcation of land, the Lokayukta found encroachment by third party and asked the SDM to proceed as per law and take action.Faced with the prospect of demolition, the shopkeepers, through their lawyer Puneet Sharma, rushed to HC challenging the Lokayukta decision on the ground of jurisdiction. The shopkeepers argued that the Lokayukta only has powers to recommend action by writing to the government and cannot order an SDM to proceed with demolition of encroachments. Sharma also argued that the inquiry in the case is still pending before the Lokayukta who is scheduled to hear the case this month. He pointed out that in case Justice Sarin later concludes the shopkeepers were not at fault, they would stand to lose permanently since by then the municipal corporation would have carried out the demolitions.The shopkeepers further argued that the complaint on the basis of which the Lokayukta proceeded to order a survey of alleged encroachment was itself time-barred since it related to allegations of wrongdoing in 2001 but was filed in 2011. Urging HC to intervene, the petitioners sought an immediate stay.Justice Sanghi also issued notice to the erstwhile MCD and sought its reply on the petition while granting the stay to the shopkeepers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060442", "title": "Organisations to extend support to Hazare and Ramdev's fast", "text": "PUNE: About a dozen organisations in the city will come together to demand a strong Lokpal bill, bringing back black money stashed abroad and administrative reforms to ensure that citizens get justice and solutions to their problems. They will hold an agitation on June 3 to extend support to the token fast to be undertaken by social crusader Anna Hazare and Yoga guru Baba Ramdev.The organizations have formed a district coordination committee for the same.Hazare is currently on a statewide tour to press for a strong Lokpal and has been addressing public meetings. His meeting in Pune will be organized on May 25, location for which is yet to be finalised.The meeting will also raise the issue of a strong Lokayukta.Bapu Padalkar, state in charge of Bharat Swabhiman organization, said, \"The first programme will be held at Shaniwarwada on May 10 at 6 pm, where candles will be lit to press for a strong Lokpal. Corruption can be curbed through strong legislations only. Many have stashed black money abroad, which has affected the development of the country. The organizations will reach out to the society to get wider support for such a cause.\"The participating organisations include, Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad, India Against Corruption , Jal Biradari, Sajag Nagarik Manch, Samasta Hindu Aghadi, Hindu Jan Jagruti Samiti, Wanjari Yuvak Sanghatna, Tatvaseva Foundation and Manav Vikas and Salokha Pratisthan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059485", "title": "Hari Masjid cop gets clean chit", "text": "MUMBAI: The Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) has once again given a clean chit to policeman Nikhil Kapse in the 1993 Hari Masjid firing case and said that there was no evidence to show that the firing was not justified. The CBI told the court that it was seeking closure of the case due to lack of credible evidence.Following Bombay high court orders, the CBI had finally registered a case against Kapse and several others in connection with the Hari Masjid firing during the 1992-93 riots.On January 10, 1993, Kapse and other police personnel allegedly opened fire on people offering prayers outside the masjid. While one person was injured in the stomach, six others also got hit and all of them were allegedly dragged to the RAK Marg police station.Farook Mapkar was one of the victims in the shooting. His lawyer opposed the CBI's report and told the court that there were 23 independent witnesses who gave their statements to the police in the case and the agency should continue the investigations. Mapkar's advocate Shakil Ahmed said, \"The statements of the witnesses are very important as they were present during the incident and some of them were shot at.\"A team from the CBI visited the spot on February 16, 2009, after registering the case against inspector Kapse and others. However, in September 2009, the matter was stalled after the state filed an application in the Supreme Court seeking a stay. In 2010, the stay was lifted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13059254", "title": "BJP leader protests slow pace of development", "text": "RAJKOT: BJP leader Dhrupadba Jadeja and her supporters sat on a fast here on Monday to protest against the slow pace of work in her area by BJP-ruled Rajkot district panchayat. The agitation by Jadeja, 45, who has been thrice elected as member from Kalithad seat of Rajkot district panchayat, took party leaders by surprise.\"This is my third consecutive term as a member of Rajkot district panchayat. We are fed up with the slow pace of developmental work relating to construction of roads, houses, laying of pipelines for drinking water, etc, in our area. We have been making representations in this regard for a long time but there is no response to our genuine problems. We have been forced to go on a fast before the Rajkot district panchayat as nothing has been done to solve our problems,\" Jadeja said.She had issued an ultimatum to district development officer and district panchayat president in this regard 20 days ago, sources said. She had threatened that if work was not started in her area, she would go on a fast, they added.\"Despite the ultimatum, our demands have not been met. Therefore, sarpanchs of 30 villages, seven elected members of taluka panchayat and common people had taken part in this token fast held on Monday. Panchayat officials have assured us that the pending work will commence within the next eight days,\" Jadeja said.Rajkot district panchayat was considered a Congress bastion until it was captured by BJP in 2010 after 20 years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058202", "title": "Vidarbha, Sevagram Express get facelift", "text": "NAGPUR: In an attempt to make passengers' journey comfortable, the Nagpur division Central Railway has given a facelift to two superfast trains - Gondia-Mumbai Vidarbha Express and Nagpur-Mumbai Sevagram Express on the lines of 'Shan-e-Bhopal'.Both the Mumbai-bound trains are highly sought after, just behind Nagpur-Mumbai Duronto Express. Many VIPs still prefer Vidarbha and Sevagram over other trains.Central Railway General manager Subodh Jain was instrumental for the facelift of Vidarbha Express while the beautification of Sevagram Express was an idea of divisional railway manager (DRM) Brijesh Dixit.The upgrades includes changing of mattresses, boards, coach indicators, toilets, provision of time-table in air-conditioned and non-AC coaches, instruction stickers, bottle holders and better illumination among host of other facilities.The normal plain boards have been replaced with retro-reflective boards, which are easily readable even during night and also have a longer life. Provision of poly grass mattress in the toilet area of AC coaches has been made.\"The area in front of the toilets gets dirty after usage. The new mattresses will keep it clean and tidy. Hollow rubber mats have been provided on gangway as these areas are found to get slippery,\" said Dixit.Added duro-turf mattress have been provided on flooring inside AC coaches in the aisle area as this area gets easily dirty by continuous passenger movement. Earlier, there was no proper provision to keep toothpaste and brush at the wash basin. Now, a stand has been provided in all AC coaches. Provision of steel mugs in AC lavatories and plastic mugs in non-AC lavatories has also been made.Earlier, it was difficult for passengers to find their respective coach and berths during night time. Now, for easy visibility, glow-in-the-dark berth and coach indicators have been provided in AC and non-AC coaches.At times, passengers are confused regarding the station they have to get down. Therefore, a detailed time-table has been provided in both AC &amp; non-AC coaches. Besides, swing doors in AC coaches have been provided with bright instruction stickers, which minimise confusion caused to passengers.An added attraction includes provision of automatic fragrance dispenser in AC coaches. It will automatically operate after a particular interval. The nylon bottle holders have been replaced by collapsible bottle holders.The common complaint of passengers is that lavatories are not clean. In the facelift, provision of dustbins inside lavatories of all coaches has been made. Dustbins have also been fitted below wash basins in AC coaches. They are fixed to the floor so that they don't fall while the train is moving.Dixit said in Vidarbha Express present 11 watt CFLs provided inside coaches have been replaced by 18 watt CFLs, increasing illumination level. In Sevagram, mobile charging points have been given in all coaches.\"We propose to introduce end-to-end ticket checking staff, grouping of wayside station quota, electronic pest repellent inside the coaches among other things,\" Dixit said.Provision of instruction stickers in coaches fitted with controlled discharge toilet system (CDTS) have been provided. Disposable commode covers for western toilets have been provided for hygiene. Besides, coach control panel in all coaches have been cleaned and painted.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "13060423", "title": "Animals flee forests in search of food &amp; water", "text": "KEONJHAR: Senseless mining in hills and forests has resulted in wild animals entering human habitations in search of food and water. The drying up of water sources in the summer is also to be blamed for it. And animals are paying with their lives for it.Forest officials of Keonjhar Sadar forest range found the mutilated body of a hyena on National Highway 6 near Badahal Sahi in Keonjhar town on Monday afternoon. Injury marks on the carcass implied the animal died in an accident while crossing the road.Similarly, a wild deer sustained injuries when a group of stray dogs attacked the animal on Monday afternoon in Nandabara village under Ghasipura PS in Anandpur forest range when the deer came out of the forest to the village pond to drink water. The deer, however, was rescued by villagers and handed over to the forest department. Forest officials later released the deer in the Barnag reserve forest after treatment. Earlier too, many wild deer of Barang reserve forest sustained injuries and have been killed in dog attacks when straying into neighbouring villages in search of water. Local people also spotted another wild deer moving in Anandpur township area on Monday.\"Due to squeezing of forest area, wild animals are losing their habitat. The animals are facing food and water scarcity due to massive deforestation. Hence many times wild animals come out of forest areas and enter human habitats in search of food and water,\" said environmentalist Niladri Mishra.Experts also pointed out decreasing and erratic rainfall in the region in the recent years, a direct fallout of massive deforestation, leading to dams and water bodies in and around the forests drying up, forcing animals to flee forests.\"The forest habitation of the wild animals should be protected. People should be made aware of the environment. Animals coming out of the forest and entering human habitations due to scarcity of food and water is leading to a new conflict between man and the wild, perhaps for the first time after 'civilization',\" said assistant conservator of Keonjhar forest S Samantra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13060506", "title": "Patients recount their woes on World Thalassemia Day", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Thalassemia patients and their families poured out their woes at the World Thalassemia Day function here on Tuesday. The high cost of treating this genetic disorder and complications accompanying it has taken a toll on them. Sushant (21), a thalassemia patient, had to discontinue studies after Class VII following the side effects of some medicines. \"My daughter died when she was 15. Now I am trying to prolong the life of my son with regular blood transfusions and medication,\" said S C Das, an FCI employee and Sushant's father.Similar is the fate of Binod Behera, father of a Class V student, who is thalassemic. \"I spend around Rs 5000 a month on the medicine and other tests of my son,\" said Behera, working as an assistant in the sub-collector's office here. A primary school teacher is also finding it difficult to meet the expenses of his son's treatment. \"I don't know for how many days I will be able to afford this expenditure for my son,\" he said.There are around 500 thalassemia and sickle cell anaemia patients in Ganjam. They have to regularly take blood transfusions and the administration has made it free for them.The patients have appealed to the state government for medicines free of cost and an exclusive ward in the blood bank for easy transfusion. States like Delhi, Kerala, Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh already have such a facility in place, a thalassemia patient said.\"Although we get blood free of cost, how many patients can afford a regular check-up and buy the expensive medicines?,\" asked Behera.Also, there is no facility for the proper check-up of the patients in the state. \"I am going to Vellore for my check-up regularly,\" said Debasish Patnaik (35), a thalassemia patient, who works in a private company here.\"There is a need to create awareness about the disease and its treatment. Blood test of the patients should be made mandatory because this is a genetic disorder,\" said Sonamali Bag, principal of the MKCG Medical College and Hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059599", "title": "I can do great things: Dwayne Smith", "text": "MUMBAI: How many times have you seen a man smash a six and two fours when 14 runs were needed off the last three balls? How many times have you met a cricketer who would, in that situation, actually tell his partner: \"Take a single and give me the strike, I shall do the rest.\"But then, Dwayne Smith is different. The 28-year-old West Indian, playing his first game of this IPL, tore into Australian fast bowler Ben Hilfenhaus to pull off the impossible for Team Mumbai on Sunday evening. In an interview with TOI, Smith spoke on various facets of his game and how his daughter keeps inspiring him. Excerpts...Still soaking in your heroics on your very first outing with Team Mumbai?I am pleased about what I was able to do on my first evening here... but I'm over that now. I'm looking into the next game (against Team Bangalore on Wednesday), and hope to make an even bigger impact, and win more matches for Mumbai.Did you ever imagine such a smashing debut?From the time I come in, I look to do the things that will help my team win. So, it didn't come as a shock for me! As long as I am confident, I know that I can do great things.You had even Tendulkar going delirious on Sunday!Yeah, I saw him in the huddle, jumping up (smiles). I am hoping to do half as much as he has done in world cricket. It was nice for him to give me some advice, and I hope I get more of it in future, which will help my game. I'm sure any cricketer would love to share a dressing room that has such great players in it.You smashed a hundred on your Test debut (vs South Africa at Cape Town) back in 2004, but didn't get more than 10 Tests, the last one coming way back in 2006. What went wrong?I remember that knock ball by ball! But I am very disappointed about my Test career. I should have carried on from that knock, scored more centuries , made more impact. My shot selection was wrong. I have worked on being a lot more patient . I want to take it step by step, get into the One-day side, and then the Test team.The big factor in your life...For the past six years, it's my daughter. I love spending whatever free time I have with her. She is very joyful, very active. When I am down, she says something that makes me laugh. I haven't been able to bring her to India, but I would think about it.What's it with West Indians doing so well in IPL 5 ?Most of us play a lot of T20 cricket, so we have exposure to the situations in this type of cricket. All of us are confident about doing well here. I am sure we can win the World T20 (in Sri Lanka in September this year) if we are consistent.Did Pollard help you out?I have to thank him. He recommended my name. He told me about the pitches here. After Sunday's win, he was the first one to send a congratulatory message to me.Your idol...Viv Richards. I used to go with my dad to watch him bat. The bowlers were afraid of him, and that's an image I want to build as well. Later, he was the chief selector when he picked me to play for West Indies.Did the craze for cricket run in the family?My dad and uncle were cricketers themselves. My dad was unlucky that he couldn't play for Barbados. It can be quite hard when you have the likes of Desmond Haynes, Gordon Greenidge and Philo Wallace around.Can WI regain lost glory?I'm sure we can, with the necessary backing. If we keep winning, we will get a lot of support, the players will feel a lot more confident. It won't be easy, it will require hard work. We can do it with the current crop that we have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057816", "title": "Dramatic results on Siachen unlikely: Government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Cutting through all the brouhaha on the Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge dispute in recent days, India on Tuesday said it remained steadfast about Pakistan providing ironclad guarantees and foolproof authentication of troop positions before any disengagement and final demilitarization of the icy heights.Defence minister AK Antony , responding during the debate on defence matters in Rajya Sabha, even went to the extent of saying that nobody should expect \"dramatic results'' from the 13th round of defence secretary-level Siachen talks to be held in Pakistan in the second week of June.\"In the last few days, people across (read Pakistan Army chief Gen Ashfaq Kayani ) are saying we (India) have hardened our position. Some are saying we have softened our position. We are neither hardening, nor softening...We are standing firmly where we were,\" said Antony.The two sides have to first agree on \"authentication\" of respective troop positions on the 110-km Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL) along the Saltoro Ridge, then \"delineation on map and ground\" and subsequently the final demarcation of the agreed border. \"It's our long-standing considered position,\" said Antony.Gen Kayani last week had created a flutter by stating India had \"hardened\" its position on the glacial dispute by asking for \"demarcation\" instead of the earlier \"authentication\" of the AGPL. This came in the backdrop of the avalanche hitting a Pakistan Army camp in the region, killing 139 soldiers last month.But, as was made clear by Antony, the only way to resolve the long-festering dispute is through the sequential process of proper authentication, delineation and demarcation. This has always been India's position since the Army is clear that if Pakistani troops occupy the heights vacated by it, then dislodging them from there would be virtually impossible.Indian soldiers control almost all the dominating heights, ranging from 16,000 to 22,000-feet, on the Saltoro Ridge that effectively prevents Pakistan from the west and China from the east joining up through the Karakoram Pass to threaten Ladakh. China, as it is, is expanding its footprint in Pakistan-occupied-Kashmir and Gilgit-Baltistan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13059014", "title": "NGO offers reward for leads on stolen newborn", "text": "BHOPAL: A city-based organization has announced a reward of Rs one lakh for providing information that would lead to tracing of a newborn stolen by an unidentified person from the Sultania hospital on April 30.Members of Chikitsak Association Samiti, a city-based NGO met chairperson of the Madhya Pradesh State Women's Commission (MPSWC) Upma Rai on Tuesday and forwarded the proposal for the same.Dr Sunil Ray its chairperson said, \"Only that person shall be rewarded with Rs one lakh whose clue would be instrumental in tracing the whereabouts of the stolen newborn. There should be sufficient proof that the clue was crucial and of immense help to the police. The person may or may not wish to disclose his or her name.\"Dr Ray, who is a general physician at a city-based hospital, added this move was taken with a philanthropic motive.\"The plight of the poor woman from Vidisha really moved us,\" he said.MPSWC chaiperson Upma Rai said it would go a long way in providing an incentive and help track the missing newborn.A woman, who posed as a hospital staff at the Sultania Lady Hospital, fled with a newborn baby on the afternoon of April 30. The stolen baby was the first child of Laxmi Bai and Chaggan Prajapati couple, who hail from Vidisha district.The MPSWC had taken cognizance of the incident on May 1. There is still no clue about the stolen child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062377", "title": "Ashutosh Gowariker drops Tukaram film", "text": "After a film on the Mughul emperor Akbar (Jodhaa Akbar) and freedom fighter Surya Sen (Khelein Hum Jee Jaan Sey), filmmaker Ashutosh Gowariker was rather keen on creating a saga on the 17th Century Marathi poet Sant Tukaram. However, he has now dropped the plan.\"Sant Tukaram has been very close to my heart since my childhood days. Actually, I was planning to make this film in Hindi and Marathi. But then I came to know that the ace director Chandrakant Kulkarni is directing a Marathi film based on Tukaram,\" the filmmaker explained why he chose to drop the plans.\"Currently, I am reading a script for a Marathi film. But I cannot discuss the plans yet. However, I am definitely doing a Marathi project in the near future,\" revealed Ashutosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059143", "title": "State gets no drought relief from Centre", "text": "MUMBAI: Despite the entire state cabinet and machinery camping in New Delhi on Tuesday seeking Rs 2,900 crore in central assistance, no immediate relief for Maharashtra's drought-hit areas seems to be forthcoming. As many as 15 districts have been affected badly by the state's worst agricultural crisis since 2003 when 11 districts were declared drought-hit.The opposition was prompt in taking a dig at the ruling DF government, saying it wasn't as persuasive as West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee who would have secured the funds 'in two minutes'. The comment came soon after chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's marathon but fruitless meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh. However, Chavan later told TOI that he was still hopeful of a favourable response from the Centre.The central relief package will be announced in a month's time, and will including reimbursement for what the state has already spent on drought mitigation. Sources said the amount could be around Rs 1,500 crore, including Rs 700 crore of what was promised by the Centre last year. \"We must understand there is a process in place for securing assistance under the central calamity relief funds. The opposition may say there is no quick-fix relief, but it takes time to obtain the relief funds,\" Chavan said in telephonic conversation.The PM also did not assure Maharashtra funds for clearing the backlog from the accelerated irrigation benefit programme (AIBP). This is in the backdrop of a bleak economic scenario on the horizon and several other states, including Uttar Pradesh too seeking funds for their irrigation schemes. Chavan said he explained to the PM that farming in Maharashtra is rain-fed and that the situation here needs to be treated differently from other parts of the country. \"He has told most states to practise fiscal discipline through proper use of allocations made for subsidies and capital works. I explained to him that Maharashtra, like in parts of Karnataka and Andhra Pradesh, will have to be treated with a different yardstick,\" Chavan told TOI.Immediately after the meeting, Shiv Sena leader in the Rajya Sabha Sanjay Raut slammed the cabinet led by Chavan for not \"securing even ten rupees from the PM even as they went with a begging bowl\". \"Mamata Banerjee would have extracted Rs 2,000 crore in two minutes,\" he told reporters. \"It is wrong to look at our efforts in that sense (a begging bowl) because every state is entitled to its share of financial assistance for calamity. We are seeking what we deserve,\" Chavan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058676", "title": "FDA report gives anganwadi food all-clear", "text": "PANAJI: The test reports received from the Food and Drug Administration laboratory have revealed that there were no pathogenic micro organisms in the food that was served to children of an anganwadi at Cola in Canacona taluka.About 16 children of the anganwadi suffered food poisoning after consuming boondi ladoos and chikki in April this year. The snacks were kept in two vessels before being served to around 25 children, sources said. The affected children were rushed to the Canacona community health centre but as the condition of some of them worsened they were rushed to Hospicio hospital in Margao.It was suspected that the sweets prepared by the anganwadi workers were not stored in sanitary and hygienic conditions. FDA had collected samples to test what caused the food poisoning. \"Pathogenic micro organisms that cause food poisoning flourish due to careless handling of food. But tests show that there was no microbiological contamination of the food. We have informed the women and child department and police about this,\" said FDA director Salim Veljee.Veljee added that they had also checked the premises for hygiene conditions. \"The premises where the food was kept and served is fine,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13056800", "title": "'Mathrusparsham 2012' inaugurated", "text": "KOCHI: 'Mathrusparsham 2012' a programme organized by Lourdes Hospital as part of celbrating the World Family and Mother's Day was inaugurated by veteran cine actress Kaviyoor Ponnamma.\"A mother is the principal factor behind the growth of every individual and will remain so in the future too\" said Ponnamma.In addition to honouring mothers who excelled in their respective fields, the newly started family medicine department was inaugurated in the meeting by additional district medical officer Dr Haseena Muhammed.The newly started department aims at promoting comprehensive family health and also provides door-to-door treatment for bedridden patients within 1km radius of the hospital.The programme also included awareness classes on the part played by families in the overall formation of a child by psychiatrist, Dr Shaju George. The comprehensive family health programme was then explained by the consultant of Family Health Department, Dr Rashmi Menon.The meeting presided over by Hospital Director Fr Sabu Nedunilath was also attended by Assistant Director Fr Rocky Kollamparambil, Medical Superintend Dr Paul Puthooran and Senior Gynaecologist Dr Ithamma Antony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058314", "title": "Bikers killed in a bid to save jaywalker", "text": "NAGPUR: Two youths on a bike were killed trying to save a jaywalking woman on Butibori overbridge on Tuesday morning.The bike swerved to a side to avoid hitting the woman crossing the road but slipped and the youths on it were crushed under the wheels of a truck following them at high speed.Pradeep Shivarkar (18) and Shankar Durge (22) belong to poor families from new Gumgaon village. The boys would help their families in their fish selling business. Police said that the bike belonged to Durge who was also riding it with Shivarkar sitting pillion. They were going from Gumgaon to Butibori when they suddenly noticed a woman crossing the road.\"They blew the horn but the woman failed to hear and continued walking,\" said Durge's cousin Rajesh Durge who was following the victims in another bike and witnessed the accident. He said that four of them had left from Gumgaon on way to meet a relative. Rajesh and his friend were just a few metres behind Durge's bike.Durge was driving down the overbridge and veered his bike to avoid hitting the woman. He then applied brakes to avoid hitting the median and the bike slipped. \"The bike fell on the left side while the youths were thrown on the right side of the road. Before the boys could get up, a mini truck coming from behind ran over them killing them on the spot,\" Rajesh said.\"Durge had bought the bike just three months ago. He used it in his fish business. Only on Monday he received its permanent registration number,\" said Durge's younger brother Pawan. He added, \"(Durge) had good control. It might be that he wasn't accustomed to the new bike and lost control.\"Durge, the eldest of sibling with a younger brother and sister was the sole earner of the family. His father, Jitru, a vegetable vendor, spent most of his earning on liquor. \"He was the only responsible man in the family,\" said cousin Rajesh.Shivarkar has also left behind parents, Krishanji and Jaya, elder brother Sandeep and younger Hritik.Butibori police said that the boys were without helmet but the Durge's licence and bike's documents were recovered from the bike. The truck driver and fled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057821", "title": "Rural police still clueless about dacoity at MLAs brother's house", "text": "NASHIK: Evan as the Rural police have launched a manhunt to trace the dacoits, who fled with gold worth over Rs 20 lakh in an armed dacoity in the farmhouse of the brother of a sitting BJP MLA, they still seem to be grappling in the dark to trace the culprits.The dacoity took place in Lalud in Baglan tehsil, about 100 kms from Nashik city, at the farmhouse late on Saturday night. The dacoites had struck the farm house of Sayaji Borse - brother of sitting BJP MLA Umaji Borse (Baglan constituency) - and robbed him of Rs nearly Rs 20 lakh, at around 11.30 pm of May 5.Carrying a revolver and iron rods, about six to seven dacoits with the faces covered with handkerchiefs broke into the house of Sayaji Borse and after giving a beating sufficient to terrify him, they placed a revolver on the head of his eight year old son Virdhan to demand the gold, Borse and his wife was wearing and also that kept in the cupboard.Fearing that the dacoits may kill their son, the Borse couple gave away the jewellery they had and allowed them to take all that was kept in the cupboard. Before escaping with jewellery worth Rs 20.84 lakh and also cash of Rs 12,000, the dacoits ensured that they latched the door from outside.Subsequently the Borse couple raised an alarm and the matter was reported to the police after the neighbours rushed to their place hearing their cries. On the same night the police put up nakabandis in different parts of the distict and roads leading out of Baglan village, however, the police did not meet any success.On Tuesday, the Jaikheda police reiterated that search teams have been dispatched to various locations, however, they had not met the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13059981", "title": "Sanjiv Bhatt the pivot in case against Modi", "text": "AHMEDABAD: As chief minister Narendra Modi gears up for a marathon legal battle to get his name cleared from the Gulbarg Society massacre of 2002, this accomplished longdistance runner could emerge as a game-changer . If suspended IPS officer Sanjiv Bhatt, who claims to have attended the controversial meeting where Modi allegedly directed cops to allow Hindus vent their anger, comes out a winner during the cross-examination , many heads may roll.Bhatt is the only witness who can substantiate Jafri's allegations that the conspiracy began with Modi's involvement .The Supreme Court-appointed SIT has already dismissed Bhatt's claims as hearsay. But, amicus curiae Raju Ramachandran's report has given him a lease of life and an opportunity to prove his contention. Bhatt is not even cited as a witness by the SIT in its report but the probe agency has a mammoth task ahead to demolish his statement in court in connection with Zakia Jafri's compliant of criminal conspiracy behind the 2002 riots.The SIT has concluded that Bhatt was not present in the meeting, on basis of statements of senior officers who attended the meeting on February 27, 2002, evening at Modi's residence. The amicus says that if Bhatt stands the test of cross-examination , statements of other cops can be disregarded as they had not only suffered from amnesia during deposition earlier, but many of them have been given post-retirement rewards by the Modi government .The SIT had tried to blunt Bhatt's claims by believing his subordinate K D Panth's second statement that he had gone to Mumbai and did not accompany him to Gandhinagar . Before this, Panth had accused Bhatt of coercing him into filing a false affidavit.SIT also believes that pending inquiries are behind Bhatt's motivation even as Ramachandran says there is no reason to disbelieve the serving police officer.Suspended DIG Sanjiv Bhatt spoke to senior editor Ajay Umat after being discredited by SIT and defended by Amicus Curiae. Here are a few excerpts from the interview.How do you see the stark contrast in the reports of the SIT and amicus curiae?There is no doubt in my mind that the SIT has been trying to disregard and suppress evidence that could be detrimental to Narendra Modi and certain other powerful accused persons . This was brought out in my affidavit before the Supreme Court on April 14, 2011. The SIT , as expected , submitted the proposed 'Closure Report' to the Supreme Court on April 24, 2011. The Supreme Court , on May 5, 2011, thought it fit, inter alia , to direct the learned amicus curiae to examine and analyze the said report and submit his comments thereon . The very fact that the Supreme Court was constrained to take the unusual step of issuing the above directions to amicus curiae speaks volumes about the credibility of the investigation and the so-called 'Closure Report' filed by the SIT .Did you try for a hearing with the SIT? Why have they completely discredited you?I had repeatedly communicated with RK Raghavan and had pointed out the inadequacies in the investigation that was being carried out under his stewardship . Being personally aware about the dynamics of the deliberately misdirected investigation , I had also repeatedly requested Raghavan to get my statement recorded on oath , under Section 164 of the Cr PC, before a competent magistrate . For obvious reasons , Raghavan chose to disregard all my requests and continued ratifying the deliberately misdirected investigation .The state home department seems to have given a lot of evidence against you to the SIT. Comment.Surprisingly , the state of Gujarat has assumed the role of protecting the high and mighty who have been accused of heinous crimes . Paragraph 21 of the 'Final Report' submitted by the amicus curiae reveals that on June 22, 2011, that is exactly four days after my personal interaction with the amicus curiae , some under secretary from state home department wrote a confidential letter to the chairman of the SIT , adducing some emails \"retrieved\" from my email account . The said letter went on to impress upon the SIT chairman that I was conspiring with vested interest groups in order to keep the Godhra issue alive .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13058275", "title": "Couple mauled by leopard", "text": "Chandrapur: A leopard mauled a couple in Adiyal (Mendha) jungle under Forest Development Corporation of Maharashtra (FDCM) in Nagbhid tehsil on Tuesday afternoon. Victim Waman Ade (55) and his wife Sheela (45) from village Kitali (Mendha) were out in the jungle collecting tendu leaves when they were attacked.Sources said that the leopard first attacked Sheela and injured her seriously. As she escaped from the beast, it turned upon her husband Waman, who was in the vicinity. However, by that time fellow tendu leaf collectors had arrived to their rescue.Villagers drove away the leopard and took the injured couple to Nagbhid rural hospital. However, both are reported to be out of danger. An FDCM official confirmed the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058230", "title": "Firemen rescue man who saved kitten from well", "text": "NAGPUR: It would have been an almost unimaginable feat for many his age. But 65-year-old Ramu Kulsange did not think twice before climbing down into a 70ft well, which had about 20ft water, at Pandey layout on Tuesday. He was able to rescue a drowning kitten within minutes.However, he himself needed rescuing as he was unable to climb out of the well for almost one-and-half hours, forcing people to call the fire department.\"I did it for the kitten on seeing its plight,\" said Kulsange, popularly known as Ramu Kaka, who works as a sweeper in a few apartments at Pandey Layout. \"This is not the first time I did something like this. I had saved a dog on a stormy night, and also helped a man reach home safely after he fell on the road,\" said the toothless, wiry man. Though amused by the attention, he was still reeling from the harrowing experience of being stuck in the well.Ramu Kaka had reached the locality for his routine work when some families residing at Balaji apartments drew his attention. A kitten had slipped through the gap in the grill covering a well, and was struggling to remain afloat in water.\"The kitten must have fallen during the night. In the morning, people heard it crying and started thinking of some way to save it. Then Ramu decided to climb down the well,\" said VS Gokhale, an eyewitness to the drama.Ramu Kaka used the metal footholds on the well walls to climb down. The kitten had somehow managed to lodge itself in a narrow crevice just above the water. Ramu Kaka picked it up and placed it in a bucket lowered by onlookers, who immediately pulled up the animal.The real drama kicked off after the kitten's life had been saved. Ramu Kaka was neither able to climb up the walls using the footholds, nor could the wiry man muster enough strength and stamina to hold on to the ropes lowered by local residents.The episode continued for almost an hour-and-half, during which Ramu Kaka, an alcoholic, was never short of enthusiasm to try out a solution.\"Suddenly, it seemed that Ramu Kaka was panicking. So the security guards informed the fire brigade,\" said a resident.Personnel from Narendra Nagar fire station reached the spot within a short time. Fireman Bhaskar Watkhede went down while others like Sudhakar Raut and Vijay Thaokar, helped pull out the tired Ramu Kaka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058417", "title": "Couple arrested at airport with 20,000 memory cards", "text": "HYDERABAD: A couple who was trying to smuggle Rs 45 lakh worth memory cards and mobile phones was arrested by customs sleuths at the Rajiv Gandhi International Airport on Monday night. The goods were kept in a pouch tightly tied around their waist and hidden under their clothes.Commissioner of customs, Central Excise and Service Tax, Hyderabad, P N Rao said they arrested Arshad Khan , 29, and his wife Asma Begum, 27, of Golconda for duty evasion of nearly Rs 4.5 lakh.The Hyderabadi couple landed at the RGI Airport from Hong Kong via Singapore by Silk Air flight (MI 478) on Monday night at around 10.30 pm. Acting on a specific alert, the Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) team of the customs intercepted them when they took the green channel claiming that they were not carrying any dutiable items.Customs sleuths discovered 20,000 secure data (SD) memory cards (4GB &amp; 2GB) and eight Sony Ericsson mobile phones wrapped in a pouch around their waists. The woman, who was wearing a burkha, was carrying most of the goods. According to customs officials, the market value of the seized electronic products could be about Rs 45.44 lakh.Preliminary interrogation of the couple revealed that they run a mobile phone shop in Humayun Nagar and they were trying to smuggle in the goods to evade customs duty, which would be about 10% of the value of the product. The duo was arrested and the goods seized under provisions of the Customs Act, 1962.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lohardaga", "code": "13058952", "title": "19 cases lodged in Jharkhand State Commission for Women open court", "text": "LOHARDAGA: Altogether 19 fresh cases were registered with the Jharkhand State Commission for Women (JSCW) in an open court of the commission organised in Lohardaga on Tuesday. JSCW chairperson Hemlatha Mohan, who visited the Bauxite city on Monday, heard over a dozen odd cases and many of them were disposed off. Most of the cases brought before the court were related to the demands of the complainants for widow pension, BPL card and Indira Awas.Sumanti Devi of Parhepath village complained that she was not given preference in selection of health worker, though she had worked for five years on the post. She had to discontinue for some time due to medical reasons. The matter was referred to the DC, who ordered an inquiry into the matter.Addressing women who had gathered on the occasion, Mohun Hemlata said she has asked the DC to make the telephone numbers of CDPOs public so that women in need can register their complaints. \"The CDPOs will try to solve the cases of domestic violence. If the case is not solved within three months, the complainant will make a written complaint to the Commission that will take immediate action,\" she said. \" Jharkhand women need to be made aware of their rights. The commission is also aware of some women-related issues like female foeticides, IMR and maternal mortality rate,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057905", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation gears up to collect octroi", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation shortlisted 310 of its employees for the task of octroi collection who were trained at the Satpur town hall by octroi department officials on Tuesday.This training comes against the backdrop of the the NMC's decision taken during the general body meeting on April 13, to cancel the privatisation of octroi collection.The training was conducted by officials A G Jantre, Haribhau Phadol and Deepak Kasar and it involved familiarising the staff with do's and dont's and other octroi collection procedures.Important aspects of octroi collection that were covered included precautions that would need to be taken by valuers when scrutinising material whose values were to be estimated, responsibilities of the flying squad and security officers, and understanding how the computer and the CCTV cameras are to be used.\"If a vehicle crosses the octroi post, the flying squad should immediately catch them. Ten times the toll amount is to be collected from such offenders\", the officials explained during the training programme.Octroi officials, both past and present, also explained the inner workings of the octroi department.The work of octroi collection will be divided according to various posts across the city and within the next week the 310 octroi staff will be given hands-on training at these octroi collection locations.Out of 310 staff members, 18 have been appointed as assistant superintendents, 112 as clerks, 15 as deputy engineers, 35 as junior engineers. There will also be three pharmacy diploma holders, 46 peons, six drivers and 83 labourers.The officials also said that according to directives from the officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu, this group staff will not be granted leave at present.The NMC will be taking charge of octroi collection on May 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059582", "title": "Transit of Venus to be viewed from NE on June 6", "text": "GUWAHATI: Due to its geographical position, Assam and the rest of the northeast is one of the few places in the country that will be able to witness the celestial phenomenon set to occur on June 6.The Transit of Venus, in which the planet Venus passes directly between the sun and the earth, occurs in the sequence of eight years, 121.5 years, eight years again and 105.5 years. The June 6 event is said to be the second in the current pair as the first one occurred on June 8, 2004.Vigyan Prasar, the Union department of science and technology, Guwahati Planetarium and Pragjyotish Amateur Astronomers' Association have organized a three-day workshop to generate awareness amongst the general populace about the transit. Since the next transit will occur on December 11, 2117, a live show of the transit will also be organized at Guwahati Planetarium with telescopes and solar filters.\"The transit is very similar to an eclipse. The region is in a vantage point to witness the transit as it experiences early sunrise in comparison to other regions in the country. It was through this method that in 1639 that the distance of the earth to the sun was measured for the first time,\" said Sabyasachi Chatterjee of Indian Institute of Astrophysics.Babul Chandra Bora, curator of Guwahati Planetarium said, \"Another reason for organizing the workshop is to tell people that the event should be witnessed only through a filter or else it could lead to permanent eye damage. The workshop is being attended mostly by people from a science background so that they can create awareness among other people. Guwahati Planetarium is one of the few allotted spots in India where such a workshop is being carried out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13062553", "title": "SC to Centre: Explain toll tax on incomplete highways", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Wednesday asked the Centre to explain its policy relating to incomplete highway projects where people are asked to pay toll tax despite there being numerous diversions causing inconvenience.The apex court made this observation while hearing a petition which had questioned the toll tax on the Gurgaon-Delhi expressway. The SC suo motu expanded the scope and sought response from the Centre.The SC said the public must know the policy decision of the government in projects meant for common man if he was being asked to pay for it. The SC said that if one travelled to Amritsar from Delhi, he would have to pay toll tax every 15kms despite the project being incomplete and ridden with diversions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059403", "title": "Wanted: More doctors to treat villagers", "text": "VARANASI: Though the free and better health facilities for all is supposed to be the main agenda of the new government of Uttar Pradesh, but a look at the general health facilities available at the government hospitals and health centres in the district presents a sorry picture.To start with, if the data provided by the chief medical officer, Varanasi, is to be believed, it is clear that the hospitals under the CMO are facing acute shortage of specialised doctors.\"There are as many as 147 sanctioned posts of specialised doctors, but only 118 doctors are available,\" said Dr L C Yadav, CMO in charge.As per the records of CMO, Varanasi, while only 12 specialised doctors out of sanctioned posts for 40 specialised doctors are taking care of community health centres (CHCs) in the district, the condition is worse at the primary health centres (PHCs) and additional PHCs where two doctors (not specialised) take care of one PHC and only one doctor takes care of the additional PHC.Further, even though the CHCs are supposed to provide blood storage facilities and essential laboratory services, including X-ray and ECG, none of the CHCs in the district have an appointed pathologist in spite of the fact that there are as many as nine sanctioned posts of pathologists in the CHCs alone. \"Since there are no pathologists, it is the MBBS doctors in the CHCs who look after the pathology section,\" shared Yadav. At the same time, the officials of CMO office believe that there is no shortage of doctors. According to Yadav, most of the doctors in CHCs and PHCs are MBBS doctors who look after the patients and whenever any need for specialised doctors arises, patients are referred to the district hospital and other hospitals. \"Two months ago, a recruitment drive was held and again a recruitment of specialised doctors will be held in two months' time and then the problem will be solved.\"According to Yadav, it is preferred that the specialised doctors, when recruited, are positioned at referral centres of CHCs.It may be noted that PHCs are considered as the cornerstone of rural health care. PHCs and their sub-centres are supposed to meet the health care needs of rural population. There should be one PHC covering a population of 20,000 to 30,000 with six beds facilities. On the other hand, there must be a CHC in each block or for a population of one lakh with 30 beds facilities. In the absence of specialised doctors at health centres, the situation is grim.Apart from CHCs and PHCs, there are as many as 21 urban health posts (UHPs) meant to take care of women and kids during and after pregnancy. As per the records of CMO office, there are only four gynaecologists appointed at four different health posts. \"Rest all the health posts are being managed by health supervisors, midwives, compounders and assistants,\" claimed a staff at CMO office. Significantly, the CMO office is not very clear about the number of doctors in other hospitals, which are under it. According to the staff, there are six hospitals, including health care units, maternity centres and 30-bedded government hospital at Shivpur, Bhelupur, Chowkaghat and Durgakund areas, where there are as many as 21 doctors in total and out of them 17 doctors are specialised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058677", "title": "State varsities fail to comply with RTI", "text": "HYDERABAD: Educational institutions in the state have turned out to be one of the biggest violators of the Right to Information Act. About 11 educational institutions, mainly universities, have failed to furnish the mandatory information as part of section 4 (1) (b) of the RTI act to the Information Commission. Every state government body is supposed to provide their complete details to the commission, which then uploads it on their website. This information includes details such as the functions and budget allocation of the organization, role, designation and remuneration details of all the employees, important documents held by the department among others.The erring institutions are JNTU, Anantapur, Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University, Hyderabad, Yogi Vemana University, Kadapa, Satavahana University, Karimnagar, Vikramasimha University, Nellore, Krishna University, Machilipatnam, Mahatma Gandhi University, Nalgonda, Palmuru University, Mahbubnagar, Rayalseema University, Kurnool, B R Ambedkar Open University, Srikakulam and AP Hindi academy. These institutions have also failed to provide the details in their own website, as per the state information commission's annual report for the year 2011.Surprisingly, the officials of these universities displayed poor knowledge of the Act. \"We do regularly send data to the council for higher education and not the information commission,\" said V Sankar of JNTU-Anantapur when quizzed on the issue.He later admitted that they were not aware of this particular section of the RTI Act. \"If the information commission asks us, then we will work on it,\" he said. S Khaleel-ur-Rehman, registrar of Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University (JNAFAU) said, \"If the commission wants us to send any particular information then we can just be briefed about the format and we would oblige.\"The information commission has decided to summon the university representatives soon. Jannat Hussain, chief information commissioner of the state, said, \"Since they have not been complying with the Act, we will now force them to do so. We will summon them soon and give a time limit to get their act right. Even after several years of the Act, how can they be not aware of it?\", Hussain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "sangli", "code": "13059802", "title": "Quest for water ends in death for 4-yr-old boy in drought-hit Sangli", "text": "SANGLI: At a time when state officials beg the Centre for a drought relief package, the death of a four-year-old boy in a tank-related accident in the parched hinterland of Sangli reveals the extent of people's desperation in the affected areas. Neel Chopde was buried under a pile of bricks on Monday evening after a community water tank burst, minutes after his mother Kavita fetched a pot of water for the entire family.The incident is a telling reflection of the lackadaisical management of the drought situation and complete apathy to its many complexities, complain locals. They point out that they are forced to depend on private tanks that draw water from borewells, which would not be necessary if the government-allocated tankers plied daily. Their village Gondira had seen a tanker after five days despite official claims that tankers regularly reached the needy.Neel and his family had migrated to Mumbai ever since their fields dried up; deprived not only of rains this monsoon, but also neglected in irrigation schemes. They had gone to their native town on a summer vacation, which was cut short by the tragedy. \"He was helping his mother fetch water when the tank burst, probably due to the force of the water,\" said uncle Subhash Chopde, who blamed the poor material with which the tank was built for the mishap. Two other children, Shobha Ladhe (12) and Deepak Karade (8), sustained head injuries and were recovering in government hospitals.The incident has further dampened the spirits of the village, which is already in the grip of a severe drought. \"Today, we lost a child because the water tank exploded. Tomorrow, we will die due to lack of drinking water,\" said neighbour Shivaji Mangale, despondently adding that their family had run out of water to drink.From one home to another, villagers recounted stories of walking miles to fetch a matka of water.Block development officer of Athpadi taluka Madhukar Deshmukh, in charge of the village's irrigation and water facilities, said such private tanks were often built for convenience, but were largely illegal. Monitoring of their construction or the quality of water they supply clearly falls through administrative gaps.He refuted claims of tankers not reaching Gondhira, saying they were sent daily. \"The state norm for drought is 20 litres of water per person daily, which equals 100 litres for a family of five. But people take up to 4-5 times their allotted share, because of which the tankers' water could fall short,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13060598", "title": "Stranded passengers rue Air India apathy", "text": "AMRITSAR: There was panic among nearly 100 stranded passengers of Air India here on Tuesday after the hotel administration cautioned them that they might have to vacate the rooms on Tuesday evening, but after intervention by Air India officials, they were allowed to stay on.Kartar Kaur, a handicapped elderly woman, who was on way to Toronto , said that her relatives would be highly upset if she didn't reach on time. She also blamed Air India officials for not coordinating with stranded passengers or not giving them correct information.Kartar Kaur's relatives had gone back after dropping her at Sri Guru Ram Das international airport. She said she was alone and had to face immense difficulty while moving here and there on wheel chair. Another passenger, Partap Singh Brar, said that Air India officials should have informed them about cancellation of flight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13059832", "title": "Thane villagers to protest city \u2018bias\u2019", "text": "THANE: Tribal families from the parched pockets of Mokhada taluka, around 140km from Thane, will hold demonstrations at the site of the Middle Vaitarna project on Wednesday to protest against the authorities for \"neglecting\" the locals' demand for water while spending crores to boost the daily supply to Mumbai.The project, set for completion in 2013, is expected to augment water supply to Mumbai by 455 million litres per day. The dam is being built at Kochala village in Mokhada; it stands between the Upper and Lower Vaitarna and is said to have cost the state Rs 2,500 crore.The trigger for the protest rally, say locals, is the government's \"refusal\" to honour its 2007 commitment that the dam work will start only after the basic drinking water needs of Mokhada's residents are fully met.\"The natural resources of a tribal region are being plundered by the authorities for the benefit of those living in the cities. More than 40 villages in Mokhada witness a drought-like situation every year due to water shortage. Though the taluka is situated at a higher altitude, efforts to stop the free flow of rainwater into the sea have been inadequate. Most wells in this belt go dry during the summer,\" senior BJP functionary Omprakash Sharma told TOI.Parvati Jadhav, the tribal woman who died on the road after walking 4-5km to fetch water from a tanker, belongs to Dolare village in Mokhada. Though the region receives high rainfall, inadequate irrigation facilities and an unfavourable terrain make water storage difficult, say villagers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13059918", "title": "Purpose in life may help stave off Alzheimer\u2019s", "text": "WASHINGTON: Having a greater objective in life may help cut down a person's risk of developing Alzheimer's disease later in life, say scientists.A team at Rush University Medical Center says greater purpose in life actually helps stave off the harmful changes in the brain associated with Alzheimer's, the most common form of dementia, the Archives of General Psychiatry reported.Team leader Patricia A Boyle said, \"Our study showed that people who reported greater purpose in life exhibited better cognition than those with less purpose in life even as plaques and tangles accumulated in their brains. These findings suggest that purpose in life protects against the harmful effects of plaques and tangles on memory and other thinking abilities. This is encouraging and suggests that engaging in meaningful and purposeful activities promotes cognitive health in old age.\"The scientists have based their findings on an analysis of 246 participants without dementia and who subsequently died and underwent brain autopsy. Participants received an annual clinical evaluation for up to approximately 10 years, which included detailed cognitive testing and neurological exams.The participants also answered questions about purpose in life, the degree to which one derives meaning from life's experiences and is focused and intentional.Brain plaques and tangles are very common among persons who develop Alzheimer's. These disrupt memory and other cognitive functions.The scientists claim much of the Alzheimer's research that is ongoing seeks to identify ways to prevent or limit the accumulation of plaques and tangles in the brain, a task that has proven difficult. \"Identifying factors that promote cognitive health even as plaques and tangles accumulate will help combat the already large and increasing health challenge posed by Alzheimer's,\" Boyle said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057878", "title": "Imports to help faster cultivation of grapes", "text": "NASHIK: The Maharashtra Grape Growers' Association vice-president Ashok Gaikwad said they are planning to import table grape varieties from South Africa as local varieties take a long time for cultivation. \"These varieties include white, black and red in both seed and seedless categories. Efforts will also be made to supply these varieties to maximum farmers in a short period,\" he said.Gaikwad told a meeting of the district grape growers here on Tuesday that they have gone for open variety of grapes, as royalty will have to be paid for patent variety.Nashik District Grape Growers' Association president Vijay Gadakh said Indian varieties take around four months or 120 days to develop and they also require a lot of pruning.\"The pruning is generally done in September or October. Most of the time, monsoon affects the vineyards in September. Hence, we were in search of those varieties that can be developed in a period of less than three months and will require less pruning,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058672", "title": "Court rejects plea of MBBS student caught copying", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court on Tuesday refused to come to the rescue of an alleged exam cheat when it rejected a petition from an MBBS student seeking declaration of his results. The final year student was allegedly caught copying using a mobile phone and a Bluetooth device during the examination held in February.In his petition, S Arif Mohammed, a student of Stanley Medical College here, said he was surprised to see that his result had been withheld. He said he was not aware of the reason. He said he sent telegrams and representations to the Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University authorities but received no response.When the matter came up before Justice K Chandru, university counsel Narmadha Sampath said the MBBS Part II examination results of Arif and nine others had been withheld because there was prima facie evidence to show that they had indulged in copying using mobile phones and Bluetooth devices. According to Narmadha, when the examination was on, the university authorities received an anonymous call alerting them that students from Stanley Medical College were indulging in malpractices. They later received a written complaint from another student, along with a list of 10 names including that of Arif.She said the university immediately convened a meeting of the examination disciplinary committee and, since sophisticated devises had been used, approached the cyber crime wing of the police for help. Noting that the inquiries by the university as well as the cyber crime wing were still on, Narmadha said that in view of the availability of prima facie materials against these students, their results were withheld. The university had published the results for other candidates on March 28.She said the university has put in place several preventive measures such as installation of mobile phone jammers and metal detectors, interchanging exam venues to contain the copying menace, Narmadha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13058678", "title": "Nigerian held for overstaying", "text": "CANDOLIM: Continuing their drive against foreigners staying without valid documents in Goa, the Calangute police on Monday arrested a Nigerian national, Ernest Orzi. According to the police, they questioned Orzi at Naikavaddo, Calangute, and asked him to produce his documents like passport and visa. On inspection, it was found that the visa on his passport was fake and he was therefore arrested for staying without valid documents.Besides being charged with forgery, he has also been charged under the relevant sections of the Registration of Foreigners Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059784", "title": "Child custody: High court to consider counsellors", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Tuesday said it will consider a suggestion for evaluation of a child by a trained counsellor before granting custody in matrimonial disputes.The suggestion was made to a division bench of Justices P B Majmudar and Anoop Mohta by advocate Meena Doshi. She said the practice of calling children to the judges' chamber to ascertain their wish is insufficient.Doshi said a trained counsellor can consider a child's willingness or not to go with either parent. \"Have trained child counsellors find out the psychological makeup of the child before granting custody. That element cannot be considered by judges, as they are not experts,\" Doshi said. She said the court can consider taking the help of trained counsellors from institutes such as Tata Institute of Social Sciences. The judges welcomed her suggestion and said they will consider it in future. \"We'll keep it in mind,\" said Justice Majmudar.Doshi, who said she usually doesn't appear in matrimonial cases, made the suggestion in a case where the mother of a teenager was opposing his father who wanted to take him for vacation. The family court had granted the wife a divorce last year and allowed husband access to their son once a week. The husband appealed in high court against the order and after it was filed, the father was allowed overnight access.The wife's advocate argued that the boy does not want to go with his father. She also alleged that in his earlier marriage, he has a daughter but is not bothered about her.\"Nowadays everyone wants boys. Even TV serials are showing this discrimination,\" said Justice Majmudar. The boy, who had accompanied his mother, was called before the entire courtroom. The judges then decided to ask him in their chamber if he is willing to go with his father. After interviewing him, they allowed the father to take him outside Mumbai from May 14 to 21. The wife also gave her consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "johannesburg", "code": "13061858", "title": "CSA starts fund to develop young ethnic African cricketers", "text": "JOHANNESBURG: Cricket South Africa (CSA) has launched a transformation fund which will focus largely on developing young black ethnic players who have been neglected until now.\"This is a vital strategic initiative,\" said CSA acting president Willie Basson, who is also chairman of the CSA Transformation Committee.\"Up until now transformation has largely been seen as a moral initiative - doing the right thing to repair the imbalances of the past that are well known,\" Basson said.He was referring to the forced inclusion of Black players in the Proteas teams just to make up racial quotas to amend the wrongs of the apartheid era when the South African national squad was all white and development funding for sport was heavily skewed in favour of the white minority.\"But it has now become a strategic imperative if we are to maintain world-class standards and competitiveness over the next 20 to 30 years.\"We have excellent High Performance strategies in place that are reflected in the excellence of the Proteas and our other national squads but we need now to activate our total human capital base and to align our strategies in line with the changing demographic profiles across all our communities.\"More than 80 per cent of our population under the age of 15 is ethnic African and it is very clear that it is here that we need to broaden our resources in terms of facilities and particularly in terms of opportunity for participants,\" he explained.The new fund is part of the CSA transformation initiatives that Sports Ministers Fikile Mbalula insisted on in the wake of the Nicholson inquiry instituted by him aft nearly two years of wrangling at CSA over IPL bonuses which now suspended chief executive Gerald Majola paid himself and other senior CSA staff without advising the board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13061764", "title": "Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg gets flak for his attire", "text": "Mark Zuckerberg is known for having arrived late for a meeting with prospective investor Sequoia Capital and giving a less-than-serious pitch while wearing pajamas.Now, as Facebook preps its initial public offering, Zuckerberg's wardrobe has not received much of an upgrade.Wearing a hoodie to a meeting in New York on Monday with potential investors is a sign of Zuckerberg's lack of seriousness, according to Michael Pachter, an analyst for Wedbush Securities.\"Mark and his signature hoodie: He's actually showing investors he doesn't care that much; he's going to be him,\" Pachter said in an interview on Bloomberg TV. \"I think that's a mark of immaturity. I think that he has to realize he's bringing investors in as a new constituency right now, and I think he's got to show them the respect that they deserve because he's asking them for their money.\"A Facebook spokeswoman declined to comment.Zuckerberg is similar to Steve Jobs , the late Apple co-founder, in that he's an eccentric leader who doesn't want to answer to anybody, Pachter said. Jobs had his own signature garb: a black turtleneck, blue jeans and sneakers.Pachter said Zuckerberg \"is well-suited to be the chief product officer, the chief user-experience officer, to manage the design of the user interface, to decide every feature that goes in.\"As for running a corporation and answering to shareholders? Pachter said he's not so sure.Still, he was the first analyst to give the company a buy rating last week, even though he doesn't expect Facebook to see rapid growth in revenue for a few years.Zuckerberg has forgone his casual attire for certain events. For example, in meetings with President Obama , he has worn button-down shirts, sports jackets and ties. Even then, Zuckerberg complemented the attire with jeans and sneakers.The fashion sense of Facebook's chief isn't the only thing getting attention at the road show. Investors in New York complained about the long waits and limited facetime with Facebook's executives, according to CNBC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059309", "title": "City gangster wanted to fly off to Bangkok with model", "text": "MUMBAI: Gangster Vijay Palande wanted to fly to Bangkok after escaping from police custody on April 10, along with his friend, model Simran Sood.He did not want her to stay back as she knew everything about him, and he feared that she would break down before investigators.The police had arrested Palande along with his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde from Satara. A police team had reached Andheri along with Palande, when he escaped from the vehicle at a traffic signal.He first contacted stockbroker Gautan Vora, for help. Vora was in a relationship with Sood, who had introduced him to Palande.Palande met Vora at Charni Road, after which they went to a hotel in Churchgate, where Vora booked a room for him. Palande told Vora to check the whereabouts of Sood, when they learned that she was summoned to the Oshiwara police station for questioning.Palande told Vora to get Sood out of the police station. He had also told his sister to deliver his passport to him. The plan was that Sood would collect her passport from her residence at Oberoi Springs and meet Palande at the airport. Vora was supposed to arrange tickets.But things did not go according to plan. The Oshiwara police, investigating the murder case of Delhi-businessman Arunkumar Tikku, had summoned Sood for enquiries after they learned that she was close to the deceased's son, Anuj. The Oshiwara police questioned her for the entire day on April 10.When Vora reached the police station, officials suspected that he may have been aware about something about the accused. When they told Vora to stay on for questioning, he tried to exert pressure on the officers, but it did not work. As the police permitted Vora to keep his phone during questioning by the officers, he informed Palande about the development.Meawhile, the crime branch put pressure on Palande's relative, who helped them to nab the gangster again.An officer stated that Palande's aides, Dhananjay Shinde and Monoj Gajkosh, were very close to him but were aware only about his basic details.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13059358", "title": "Teen kills classmate to settle old scores", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: Police on Tuesday arrested a teenager for allegedly murdering his classmate and friend on the premises of their school at Muttar on Monday.The motive behind the murder of Lejin Varghese, according to police, was to avenge a petty clash between the two when both of them were class IX students of St George Higher Secondary School, Muttar. The accused admitted to the police that he was plotting the murder ever since \"Lejin manhandled me for complaining against him to the teacher\".\"Since then I was waiting for a chance to kill him. I got a chance when the school reopened on Monday for vacation class,\" the accused told the police. \"After classes were dispersed at 11.30am, I took Lejin to bathroom. Other students had gone home. I hit him many times and when he tried to escape, I slit his throat with a knife and a piece of broken glass,\" he admitted.The accused had carried the knife and glass piece in his school bag. Rest of his statement gives more gruesome details of the crime. \"In order to confirm his death, I hit his head with a granite piece several times. After that, I washed my dress and went home,\" he said. Later he went to Edathua church and from there to Ambalappuzha and Thakazhi. He was arrested from the Changanassery railway station while waiting to board a train to Kanhangad where his maternal relatives live.\"We recovered the blood stained knife, which was tied to his leg. We also recovered the glass piece and his blood smeared clothes,\" K Maheskumar, Alappuzha DySP, told TOI. The body of Lejin, elder son of Varghese Mathew and Lancy, Nammanasseri, Chatthankeri, Thiruvalla, was handed over to his kin after an autopsy on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059082", "title": "Clubs are all the rage in Indore", "text": "INDORE: A drink or two with gossips ranging from politics to business and government policies to domestic affairs among like minded people at the city clubs seem to be the perfect way to unwind after the tough day at workplace for most residents. Clubs in Indore are gaining popularity among people from various age and income groups despite a hike in the membership fee with restricted entry.Club owners and members feel that clubs are extension of homely environment where people experience a family atmosphere and feel comfortable. Clubs in the city, therefore, are preferred over restaurants and hotels.Sajid Dhanani, owner of Sayaji Club, says the environment people get in clubs is similar to that of home where people socialize and even play sports. \"A number of service class people apply for membership. But we give only limited memberships.\" The club has raised the membership by Rs 50,000 last year and has a long list of applicants.Another famous city club -- Indore Tennis Club (ITC) -- has a waiting list of 50 people wanting a membership. The club has 1,400 members. Anil Dhupar, honorary secretary of the ITC says, \"We had raised membership fee last year from Rs 1.60 lakh to Rs 2 lakh. Despite the fee hike we have a waiting list as more and more number of people are interested to join the club.\"The 74-year-old and one of the oldest clubs of city -- Yeshwant Club -- has a list of nearly 3,600 members and the club had restricted new memberships 15 years back. However, memberships are given to 100 dependents each year.Sunil Bajaj of the club says, \"We have reached the maximum limit of giving membership. So, a decision was taken to restrict fresh membership. We give membership only to dependents of the existing members.\" One the other hand, the members of the club feel that concept works better than going to a hotel. \"It works cheaper than going to a hotel and there is a family atmosphere. This is the reason why people, who want to enjoy the facilities, are willing to pay more and enroll even after many clubs raised entry rates and fees,\" said one of members of a club.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058543", "title": "DGCI approving one drug a month without clinical trials: Panel report", "text": "NEW DELHI: Is the pill you're popping safe? Well, one cannot be certain.Several highly popular medicines in India are being sold without having undergone clinical trials to check for their safety.In a damning report by the parliamentary standing committee for health and family welfare, which looked at the functioning of the country's highest office on drugs - the Central Drugs Standard Control Organization (CDSCO) - 33 new medicines were found to have been approved between January, 2008, and October, 2010, without undergoing human trials. According to the Committee, on an average, the Drug Controller General of India (DCGI) is approving one drug every month without trials.In a separate scrutiny of 39 randomly picked drugs in India by the panel, it found that in case of 11 drugs (28%), mandatory phase-III clinical trials were not conducted.Some of these drugs belong to reputed firms like Novartis, Cipla and Eli Lily. In the case of two drugs (Dronedarone of Sanofi and Aliskiran of Novartis), trials were conducted only on 21 and 46 patients, respectively, as against the stipulated 100.In one case (Irsogladine of Macleods), trials were conducted at just two hospitals as against legal requirement of three-four sites.In the case of four drugs (Everolimus of Novartis, Buclizine of UCB , Pemetexid of Eli Lilly and FDC of Pregabalin), not only the mandatory phase III clinical trials were not conducted, but also the experts' opinion was not sought. Non-medical staff of CDSCO unilaterally approved these drugs.Jyoti Mirdha, a member of the standing committee, said, \"By not putting these new drugs go through clinical trials, they are compromising the safety of Indians. The purpose of the phase-III trial is to test it on ethnic groups, and there are a large number of such groups in the country. This was being overlooked till now because drug trials are a technical subject and nobody noticed.\"The report said that of the cases scrutinized, there were 13 drugs (33%), which did not have permission for sale in any of the major developed countries (the US, Canada, Britain, European Union nations and Australia).\"None of these drugs have any special or specific relevance to the medical needs of India,\" the committee said.In the case of 25 drugs (64%), opinion of medically qualified experts was not obtained before approval. In these cases (14 out of 39 drugs), where expert opinion was sought, the number of experts consulted was only three-four.\"In a country where seven lakh doctors of modern medicine are in practice, such a miniscule number of opinions are hardly adequate to get diverse views and come to a well considered rational decision apart from the possibility of manipulation by interested parties. As against this, to review just the dose of popular pain-killer paracetamol, the United States Food and Drug Administration (USFDA) constituted a panel of 37,\" it said.The Union health ministry, however, explained that as per the rules, the DCGI has the power to approve drugs without clinical trials in \"public interest\".The committee, however, said, \"No explanation is available as to what constitutes public interest. How can approvals given to foreign drugs without testing on Indians be in public interest? Some of the reasons given for irregular approvals are: \"Serious disease\" (all the more reason to conduct clinical trials to ensure that patients in India really benefit from such imported, exorbitantly expensive drugs) and \"rare disease status according to US FDA (how can USFDA decide which is a rare disease in India?).\"It added, \"Such irregular approvals spare drug producers the cost and efforts but put Indian patients at risk. This cannot be in public interest by any stretch of imagination.\"In cases where foreign drugs were approved without clinical trials in the country, the ministry said, \"Most of the drugs are approved in other countries based on multinational clinical trials on various ethnic/racial populations.\"It said, \"This is implying that Indians would be included and hence conducting trials in India was not necessary. However, this presumptive remark is not accompanied by any evidence.\"The report said, \"It would appear that the intention of those who framed the act and rules was to leave a small door ajar for entry of new drugs without undergoing trials in serious emergency situations such as epidemic of a new hitherto unknown disease like SARS, Bird Flu or Swine flu where there may not be time enough to test new drugs and there is no alternative but to take calculated risk. None of the 33 drugs fall in this category of emergency treatments. Besides, many drugs were launched in overseas markets years ago with ample time to conduct trials in India.\"The panel said expert opinion was sought in only five of 33 such out-of-the-way approvals.Some of the drugs launched in India without trials:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058736", "title": "Apex court relief to Lanco on Manikonda project", "text": "HYDERABAD: In a major breather to Lanco Hills project as well as many IT majors, the Supreme Court on Tuesday stayed the recent AP High Court order that had stalled construction activity in its township project in Manikonda village of Rangareddy district. The high court in its order had notified 1,650 acres in Manikonda as wakf land, putting a question mark on the sprawling campuses of major IT firms located on wakf land.The apex court on Tuesday also stayed the injunction order of the wakf tribunal that had prohibited further alienation of Wakf land. State government officials said that all companies located on the 1,654 acres of wakf land can now continue operations unhindered. The apex court adjourned its next hearing on the matter post vacation in the second week of August and stated that if the verdict is in favour of AP State Wakf Board, the state government would then have to compensate the board either monetarily or by providing alternative land to the body.Lanco welcomed the decision and its officials said it would remove the hurdles for the Lanco Hills project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13059982", "title": "Dangers of self-medication", "text": "Popping pills without a doctor's prescription, even if the ailment is minor, could have serious repercussions, warns medical expert, Lalitha SuppiahWe often pop pills for common ailments like fever, colds, cough and headache , without bothering to consult a doctor . Self-medication, even for minor ailments, could lead to medical complications. A large number of potent drugs such as pain relievers, cough remedies, anti-allergies , laxatives, antibiotics, antacids and vitamins are sold over-the-counter (OTC). Selfmedication with OTC medicines could cause allergy, habituation, and addiction. For example, excessive use of vitamins can cause hypervitaminosis , or vitamin poisoning. Antimicrobial resistance is a worldwide problem, particularly in India where antibiotics are often available without a prescription. The dangers of self-medication could include the following:Misdiagnosing the illness:A minor health issue which could be resolved easily with the doctor's advice may become a major problem over time. Symptoms may subside temporarily with self-medication , but it would become difficult for a doctor to correctly diagnose and treat later.Habituation:You could become addicted to prescription drugs such as antacids, cough syrups and pain relievers.Allergic reactions:Some antibiotics such as penicillin or sulpha drugs can cause severe reactions in the body for some people. These could be fatal.Insufficient dosage:Incorrect dosage of medicines will not cure and will prolong recovery. On the other hand, over-dosage may damage liver , kidneys and other organs. Indiscriminate use of antibiotics : These could, over a long time, lead to antimicrobial resistance . Consequently, the antibiotic may become ineffective when taken in the future.Risk of stroke:The most commonly misused medicines are painkillers. Analgesics can induce gastritis and can also increase risk of stroke by four times in patients with high BP.Drug interactions:Some herbal drugs and medicines may cause drug-to-drug interactions and adversely affect the body.Self-medication by pregnant women:This could adversely affect the unborn child causing congenital anomalies and birth defects. Unlike other facets of selfcare , self-medication involves the intake of drugs, which have the potential to be beneficial or harmful . Their improper use can have serious health implications, especially among children, the aged, and in people with special physiological conditions such as pregnancy and lactation. The government and health authorities must ensure that only safe drugs are made available OTC. Consumers should be given adequate information about their use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059248", "title": "Burma Road residents pin hopes on borewells", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Around 50 families in the Burma Road Residential Colony near Kumarapuram have been complaining about water shortage in the area for several years.Fed up with the long wait for water supply by the Kerala Water Authority, a couple of residents installed borewells in their houses. As the model proved successful, more residents are planning to emulate it.Kushalakumari and her family decided to get a borewell some two weeks ago. \"We rarely get water. Most days I have to hire an auto and take three trips back and forth to a public pipe nearby to fill 23 cans,\" recalled Kushalakumari. \"It cost a fortune and wore me down completely,\" she added.A borewell costs nearly Rs 1.5 lakh. \"I loaned the sum from the SNDP unit and Kudumbasree. It is better to be in debt than be deprived of water,\" she explained. \"Now, we get water but it has a bitter taste. All the same, we use it for drinking purpose too after boiling it,\" she said.Her neighbour too followed suit. Elyamma Bernard, who has been residing in the colony for the past six months in a rented house, got a borewell dug at her house with the permission of her landlord.It was only three years ago that the first borewell came up. Two more borewells came up in the colony after an year.Majority of the residents are still unable to realize their dreams since they don't have enough land and money to afford a borewell. \"Most of us have just three cents of land. You can't dig a borewell in such a small piece of land. Besides, we don't have the money either,\" says Swarnamma B another resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060350", "title": "Break-in at jewellery shop in Dharmapuri, three held", "text": "COIMBATORE: Dharmapuri police have arrested three people and reportedly detained six others, all hailing from West Bengal and Jharkhand, allegedly involved in a break-in and robbery at a jewellery shop near Dharmapuri bus stand in the wee hours of Tuesday.They were apprehended in a joint operation conducted by Dharmapuri town police and special branch officials after they received a message that a gang of unidentified men broke into a jewellery shop and decamped with 2.5 kilo gram of silver ornaments worth more than Rs 1.5 lakh. The gang had tipped the alarm system installed in the shop before leaving the crime scene.The police conducted a combing operation in the locality and apprehended the suspects from a private lodge next to the jewellery shop. They also claimed that the gang might have been involved in a series of high profile heists at various jewellry shops in the state.\"They were arrested from a lodge near Dharmapuri bus stand. They were staying at the lodge, claiming to be involved in coconut trading. We are interrogating them for further details,\" said Ashwin Kotnis, superintendent of police, Salem district, who is holding additional charge of Dharmapuri district.Police sources in Dharmapuri district claimed that all nine members were taken into custody but only three of them have been booked for the crime and the remaining nine are being interrogated. The police team raided the lodge next to the jewellery where the suspects were staying and took them into custody on Tuesday afternoon. \"We have some clues that they might have committed similar break-ins at various jewellery shops across the state. We have conveyed the information to other police stations and are probing the matter further,\" said a police official involved in the operation.The three arrested suspects have been identified as Akthar Farid, Shankar Mandal and Yousuf. Farid and Mandal hail from Malda in West Bengal while Yousuf is from Sahebganj from Jharkhand. Police also claimed that they recovered wielding equipment and gas cylinders from their rooms, which they allegedly used to break into the shop. \"They were staying in the disguise of businessmen but were planning to commit the robbery. We were able to apprehend them before they managed to vacate the lodge,\" the SP added.The suspects had rented the room from May 5 and had told the lodge employees that they had come to procure nuts from farmers in Dharmapuri. Initially, police suspected that they might have some connection with the gang that broke into Alukkas Jewellery shop in Tirupur on February 20 and also similar break-ins in Vellore and other districts in recent time.The state police had initially started a profiling of labourers and youth who arrive from West Bengal and other states based on the assumption that they were involved in crime committed in the state. Chennai police had gunned down five youth from Bihar in connection with a bank robbery on February 23. However, the police later claimed that they were not conducting such exercise and were not prejudiced towards youth from these states.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13060610", "title": "Tota offers to resign, CM yet to decide", "text": "MOHALI: Punjab agriculture minister Tota Singh, recently convicted by a court for misusing official machinery, offered to resign on Tuesday, said the tainted leader's family. However, some agency reports said the minister has submitted his resignation to chief minister Parkash Singh Badal.Tota's son Barjinder Singh Brar on Tuesday said, \"My father is very much a part of the government. He has only discussed resignation with the CM.\"Speaking to TOI, Barjinder said that his father was spending time with the family in Moga and was seeking legal advice on suspension of one-year jail term handed to him.The son even went on to say that his father was upset with \"confirmed reports of his resignation\" on a day when they had filed an appeal in the Punjab and Haryana high court.Agency reports had quoted Badal as saying that \"Tota Singh has sent his resignation to me... he should not have resigned...but he did it to set an example of morality. I was out of Punjab... so far no decision has been taken on his resignation.\"A local court had convicted Tota Singh on May 5 and sentenced him to one year in jail. However, he got some reprieve from the court when he was granted bail to enable him to approach a higher court to challenge the conviction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058182", "title": "Paper leak, car issue to rock Nagpur University Management Council meet", "text": "NAGPUR: The much-awaited Management Council (MC) meeting of Nagpur University on Friday is all set to be stormy, as members seek to corner the administration on many issues, including the BCCA final year paper leak exposed by TOI.Other prominent issues that would be discussed include tabling of GG Loney panel report on the roster scam (also exposed by TOI) and the Justice CL Pangarkar report regarding irregularities and blackmailing during NU polls. The Gondwana University is also likely to be discussed, MC members disclosed though NU public relations officer office was not available for comments.An issue likely to rock the meeting is purchase of new luxury vehicles by vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal and BCUD director Arvind Chaudhari. NU is currently reeling under severe financial crunch, with no money even for purchase of a generator for its administrative block or repair of NU hostels, which are in highly dilapidated condition.TOI had on April 13 reported how NU was raising exam fee citing financial crunch while it is purchasing luxury vehicle (Skoda Laura) worth Rs 16 lakh for Sapkal when the existing car (Honda City) was in good condition and just five years old. Sources from Skoda showroom on Amravati Road confirmed that NU had placed an order for its Laura model and paid the booking amount. The car is ready for delivery.MC members have objected to Sapkal's decision to clear the purchase of vehicles worth Rs 50 lakh on March 17 by using special powers granted to him under Section 14(7) of Maharashtra Universities Act, 1994. Even the minutes of meeting clearly mention that VC had used his special powers on behalf of the management council as last date of clearing this proposal of Purchase Committee was March 31.None of the MC members were informed about this decision. They claimed that VC's rank was equivalent to a principal secretary and he was not entitled to purchase a vehicle costing more than Rs 10 lakh.Other issues like beefing up of security across univesity campuses and action on Ballarpur-based Gurunanak College would also come up for discussion.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059589", "title": "Officials must visit distant villages once a month: Kamrup DC", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Kamrup (metro) district administration has directed all the government departments to make it mandatory for department officials to visit far flung and bordering areas of the district at least once a month.In a meeting of the district development committee held at the auditorium of the DC's office on Tuesday, Kamrup (metro) deputy commissioner, Ashutosh Agnihotri asked the department officials to meet the locals of each and every locality in distant places of the district and hold discussion with them regarding their problems.\"The concerned circle officers and block development officers will have to be present while the department officials hold discussion with the villagers,\" Agnihotri said.Similar discussions will be held at the slums in the city. The issue of selling tobacco products near educational institutions was also discussed in the meeting. The deputy commissioner urged every department to harvest rain water in their office campus.Agnihotri said the aim of forming committees at the circle and block level is to take stock of the implementation of the various government schemes. During the meeting, the status of implementation of various schemes of the health, education, irrigation, PWD, forest and fisheries department were also discussed. Additional deputy commissioners S Viswanathan and Bijoya Choudhury were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060268", "title": "Ticketless travelling on the rise in buses after fare hike", "text": "COIMBATORE: Ever since the fares were revised by the state government last November, ticketless travelling in Coimbatore buses has increased.Tamil Nadu State Transportation Corporation, Coimbatore division, has collected Rs 1.92 lakh in fines from passengers without ticket since December. In the last four months, ticketless travelling has increased by more than 50 per cent, said a senior transport official on conditions of anonymity.The corporation collected Rs 2.9 lakh in fines from April to November 2011. Since December, the corporation has collected Rs 1.92 lakh from 1300 passengers.In December 251 passengers were fined and Rs 30,000 was collected. Similarly 280 passengers in January, 333 in February and 300 in March were fined. To curb ticketless travelling, the corporation has strengthened its inspection team which conducts checks in 110 locations in the city.\"Nearly 220 staff comprising 100 checking inspectors, 110 supervisors to oversee the inspection and 10 senior officers to coordinate the whole operation have been deployed,\" the official said adding that weekly inspections are being conducted, which would most likely increase in the coming days.The official fine for ticketless travelling is Rs 500 but many culprits are let off paying whatever they can, the official said. Most people don't have Rs 500 with them so they get off paying whatever they have, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "13059694", "title": "Gilani may be disqualified as MP for 5 years: Supreme Court", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Prime Minister Yousaf Raza Gilani faces the prospect of being disqualified as an MP for five years after Pakistan's supreme court ruled on Tuesday that he \"wilfully, deliberately and persistently\" defied the highest court and brought the judiciary into \"ridicule\".A seven-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk issued a 77-page detailed order regarding the conviction of the premier for refusing to act on directives to revive cases of alleged money laundering against President Asif Ali Zardari in Switzerland .Earlier, the same bench had issued a short order when it convicted Gilani of contempt and gave him a symbolic sentence of less than a minute on April 26.Former law minister Wasi Zafar said Gilani's case would now go to the speaker of the national Assembly , who will decide whether the matter should be referred to the chief election commissioner. Then CEC will decide on the issue of disqualification.65% of Pakistanis want Gilani to goSixty-five per cent of Pakistanis want PM Gilani to resign after his conviction of contempt by the SC, according to a poll conducted by Geo news. It showed the verdict had resulted in 36% saying they were happy about it, 32% expressing sadness and 31% saying they were unsure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13059895", "title": "Government takes steps to prevent urban floods", "text": "GUWAHATI: With the threat of urban floods looming large in the city, the water resource department has completed 90 per cent desiltation of the Bahini river and 85 per cent desiltation of the Bharalu river, a top official of the water resources department said.Cleaning the two rivers is crucial as the excess rain water coming down from the hills in the city is carried out by these two rivers. While the Bahini river carries out the rain water to the Deepor Beel, rain water from various parts of east and west Guwahati falls into the Bharalu river, which is connected with the Brahmaputra.\"The administration will take strict action against anybody who blocks the water carrying channels by constructing shops and other structures,\" said Kamrup (Metro) DC, Ashutosh Agnihotri.He appealed to the public to stop throwing garbage and plastic products in the drains and water carrying channels so that the enormity of urban flood problem can be contained in the city this time.The Kamrup (metro) district administration is keeping a regular vigil on the ongoing cleaning and desilting works of drains in the city undertaken by the Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) and the water resources department. The GMC is carrying out cleaning and desilting works in 168 drains in the city.While the first phase of cleaning is almost complete, the GMC is carrying out the second phase of cleaning and desilting 89 drains with Rs 6.63 crore allotted by the government.Meanwhile, the district administration has ordered the GMC and the PWD to barricade open manholes so that pedestrians do not get injured by falling into open manholes.The Silsako Beel, a vital water body in the heart of the city, has already been made encroachment-free by the district administration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058358", "title": "Three-year-old killed in mishap", "text": "NAGPUR: A group of youths speeding on bikes claimed the life of a three-year-old girl at New Futala Basti on Tuesday evening. The girl, Heer Panoria, was playing when two youths on a bike rammed into her and then fell on her with their bike. Heer suffered head injuries and was rushed to Mayo hospital, where she died a few hours later.However, while the nearby residents were busy shifting the injured girl to hospital, the youths managed to flee with their bike. The residents failed to note down the bike's number.The parents and relatives of the deceased also blamed negligence and delay in treatment for the girl's death. Unsatisfied with the treatment, the girl's parents and other protested against the doctors for some time at the hospital.Neighbours who claimed to have seen the accident said that a group of around eight youths on four bikes were speeding down the road. Though it was a narrow stretch, the youths tried to move two at a time and one of the bikers hit the girl who was playing by the roadside. The two youths along with their bike fell over the girl.Ambazari police have registered a case against the unknown driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057461", "title": "5 speeches in Bengali and a song", "text": "KOLKATA: Five speeches in Bengali and a Rabindrasangeet. For an hour and 10 minutes, Rajya Sabha witnessed a unique tribute to Rabindranath Tagore on his 150th birth anniversary.It all started when Rajya Sabha chairman and vice-president Hamid Ansari allowed a special mention on the occasion. On Friday, when the business advisory committee of Rajya Sabha met to finalise the day's business, Trinamool Congress' deputy-speaker in the Rajya Sabha, Sukhendu Sekhar Roy, requested the chairman for a special mention on Tagore, which the chair agreed.On Tuesday, therefore, the tribute to Tagore didn't end with leaders paying their respect to Tagore at his portrait in the Parliament central hall, but even inside the upper chamber. After the Rajya Sabha chairman referred to the special mention, Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee and leader of the house spoke on Tagore. Mukherjee informed the house on the joint initiatives taken by India and Bangladesh for the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of the bard which concluded on Tuesday.Soon after Mukherjee finished, rules appeared to be tweaked a little and Roy was asked to speak out of turn. Roy spoke for 12 minutes, stressing on Tagore's influence on the nationalist movement, and sought the House's approval for a song - Hinsai Unmukto Prithibi. He sung just eight lines, but made quite an impression.First-time Trinamool MP Derek O'Brien immediately tweeted: \"Heard many speeches in the Rajya Sabha, first time heard a song... a Trinamool MP sang a Rabindra sangeet as a tribute #Tagore\"Roy said: \"The chief minister had instructed me to speak in Bengali. I did that, but the song wasn't planned. I really appreciated the manner in which everyone praised me. Even afterwards, Arun Jaitleyji and Gurudas Dasgupta patted me on the back for it.\"This wasn't all. After Roy, CPM's Prasanta Chatterjee, BJP's Chandan Mitra, Forward Bloc's Barun Mukherjee and Congress's Pradip Bhattacharya, too, spoke on Tagore in Bengali. Though any MP can speak in any scheduled language in the Parliament, a notice has to be given a day in advance and the chairman's approval sought.Derek summed it up in another tweet: \"Five speeches in Bangla in one hour in the Rajya Sabha...#Tagore has made every Indian proud.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058823", "title": "Wife, son go missing, man files complaint", "text": "CHENNAI: A man from Bihar has filed a complaint with the railway police in Chennai that his wife and son have gone missing here. Kumar Gautam Shahi who came to Chennai on May 2 said his family had arrived in Chennai two days ahead of him. He had travelled from Champaran to Muzaffarpur to take a train to Patna . In the crowd, his wife and son went missing. She called him on April 30 from her mobile phone saying she had reached Chennai. There has been no communication since then.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058379", "title": "Survey to track 20,000 nazul lands begins", "text": "NAGPUR: The encroachers like the contractor who had encroached upon nazul land in Bhagwagar layout will now face action. For the first time, district administration has begun a survey to record current status of some 20,000 lots nazul lands across the city.Collector Saurabh Rao told TOI that already survey of 4,225 lands had been completed. \"It is expected to complete within a month. The data of all nazul lands including 12-14,000 plots given on lease will be ready. It will not only increase revenue of the government but also to ensure proper utilization of the lands,\" he said.Nazul lands are in very prime locations and worth crores. It is feared most of the plots may have been encroached upon. The district administration has failed to monitor the leased plots too and ensure lease renewals from time to time. Giving details of the survey, deputy collector (revenue) Milind Kumar Salve said, 10 squads were engaged in the work.\"Each squad has a surveyor, two assistant surveyors and a technician with a GPS-based machine to save the details of land. The squad is also taking pictures of nazul lands. The data will be computerized. They will give clear idea if there has been any change in user of land, violations in construction and also transfer of lease without permission. Notices will then be issued for further course of action. Later, 10 deputy collectors will be appointed to hear the lease holders and encroachers side and take further action,\" he said.Salve further said rents of leased plots will be revised as per new rules.\"Lease rent is below Rs 100 per year for many plots. The rents will be revised on ready reckoner basis and other available options. Status of all nazul lands will be uploaded on the website of district administration,\" he said. Sources believe this would free up land for many necessary facilities in city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058370", "title": "World's shortest woman joins MNS", "text": "NAGPUR: She might be short in stature but that cannot be said about her ambitions. The world's shortest woman, Jyoti Amge, has joined Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) and set her sights on the 2014 elections!\"I like Raj sahib's vision for the people and I want to follow in his footsteps. If given a chance, I would like to serve the people of this country and I think politics is one way to fulfil that dream,\" said Amge.The 18-year-old Nagpurian has already learnt the art of being politically correct and showed a glimpse of it when asked about Thackeray's anti-north Indian rhetoric. \"Raj sahib has his views and I have mine. For me serving everyone with equal zeal is of utmost importance,\" said Amge.But the Guinness record holder is aware of her hectic schedule and is now looking to balance her new political life along with it. \"I have a TV show contract abroad, which I will continue to work on, and also spend time working for the party here,\" said Amge.MNS city unit chief however clarified that his party has no immediate electoral plans for Amge. Hemant Gadkari said, \"Amge has joined our women's wing and will work as a party worker. We have not discussed any role for her in the elections,\" said Gadkari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058673", "title": "Health workers to get swine flu vaccine soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Following the recent swine flu outbreak in the state, the government is all set to launch swine flu vaccination drive for healthcare workers for the second time after 2010. The state has received 50,000 doses of swine flu vaccine from the ministry of health and family welfare for inoculation of health professionals in both public as well as private sector.In a short span of four months, as many as 131 swine flu cases were reported in the state this year including 15 deaths as per official records.While swine flu cases are not as rampant this month as against those reported towards the end of March and April, officials said that sporadic cases continue to be reported and, hence, it is important that the health professionals are vaccinated. All government hospitals in the state would get the vaccine doses. The vaccine however provides immunity against the H1N1 Influenza only for a year. While reviewing the situation in the state, Dr Geeta Prasadini, joint director, infectious diseases, said that all measures have been initiated in Kurnool district, which has seen a surge in the number of cases and three deaths over the last few days. \"Season is not yet over and sporadic cases are being reported. Government is taking all the necessary precautions,\" she said during a press briefing on Tuesday. She further said that the cases as well as the death rate have come down slowly during the last few days. Stating that IEC campaign has been launched to create awareness about the H1N1 Influenza, she said that those having swine flu-like symptoms need to take all the precautions and seek help from a health professional without any delay.As per the official records, six deaths have been reported from Hyderabad, five from Rangareddy, three from Kurnool, and one from Vishakapatnam due to swine flu. However, no cases were reported in the last three days, officials maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060244", "title": "Weightage of mid-term marks to be reduced: Rajasthan Technical University", "text": "JAIPUR: In a bid to stop malpractice in distribution of internals marks to engineering students, the Rajasthan Technical University has decided to reduce the weightage of mid- term marks awarded to students.The TOI, in its article, 'RTU to monitor internal marks' published on May8, 2012 had reported on engineering colleges doling out marks to students.RP Yadav, vice-chancellor of RTU said the move will bring greater transparency in the system. \"I will move this proposal in the academic council,\" he said.Every student appears in either one or two mid-term exams of 25 marks each for all subjects in every semester. Unlike MCA internal exams, where in, the RTU appoints examiners, in case of engineering exams, the college is given the responsibility of awarding marks.Every student has to score a minimum of 33% to clear both the exams. In every semester, over 60% students fail in at least one of the subjects.Principal secretary, technical education Vipin Chandra Sharma however, opposed the move of reducing weightage of mid-term marks.\"It will increase the stress on students,\" he said in the wake of rising number of suicides by engineering students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058685", "title": "Another falls victim to phishing", "text": "PANAJI: One more person was duped of 7 lakh in an email and lottery scam on Tuesday.Peter Vaz, resident of Joffre Residency, Panaji, has complained that from March 29 to April 12, 2012, he received emails from 'colaclaim2012@zh8844.com' stating that his mobile number had won a sum of one million British pounds, two mobile phones and a lap top in the ongoing Coca Cola mobile draw.On the pretext of delivering the sum of one million pounds and the electronic items, Vaz was asked to pay 7 lakh for airport authority clearance and duty fee. The accused persuaded Vaz and misled him to pay a huge amount of money thereby cheating him by using electronic media. Goa police's economic offences cell (EOC) is investigating the case.TOI had reported on Monday that a government nurse, Jesria Fernandes, was duped of 7 lakh in a similar manner. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "sambalpur", "code": "13060422", "title": "Lawyers' bandh shuts down western Odisha", "text": "SAMBALPUR: The 12-hour lawyers' bandh threw life out of gear in western Odisha on Tuesday. While government offices, courts, business establishment, banks and other financial institutions remained closed, lawyers in several places stopped magistrates from entering court premises. In Sambalpur, the office of the RDC, collector and IG of police remained closed because of picketing by lawyers.However, buses and trains ran normally as lawyers had decided to exclude these services for the benefit of common people. The bandh was successful in Rourkela, Sundergarh, Jharsuguda, Bargarh, Sonepur, Deogarh and Balangir districts. The Balangir bar also extended whole-hearted support to the bandh and several members of the bar came out to the street.Extending support to the bandh, members of the high court bar association boycotted court proceedings on Tuesday. Lawyers abstained from court work as a result of which the high court, criminal court , civil court and other lower courts in Bhubaneswar turned defunct.\"Expressing solidarity with our counterparts in Sambalpur, we have decided to boycott court proceedings today. Atleast 147 bar associations across the state have extended their support to the bandh call,\" said Piyush Mishra, secretary of high court bar association.Political parties and mass organizations also extended their support. The members of Sambalpur Uthadokani Sangha came in a procession and joined the lawyers at Kacheri Chowk. \"We have closed down our shops en masse in support of the lawyers,\" president of the sangha Satish Bisi said.On the other hand, the bandh was partially successful in the small towns of western Odisha. \"Shops, business establishments, schools, colleges, banks and offices remained closed in Kuchinda, Radhakhol, Padmapur, Sohela, Patnagarh and Barpali during the 12-hour shut-down called by the central action committee of the Western Orissa Lawyers Association,\" a senior police officer of Sambalpur police range said. According to him, elaborate police arrangement was made in most of the towns. \"The bandh was completely peaceful and no untoward incident was reported so far,\" he said.Reacting to the success of the bandh, president of the Sambalpur bar Pramod Rath said it reflected common people's unhappiness with the decision of the government to not take action against the collector. \"The government should let law take its own course. When police arrested us on the complaint of the collector and DSR, the same law should be applicable for the collector. Why would she not be arrested when a case has been pending against her?,\" Rath questioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13059113", "title": "Huge plastic waste a 'ticking bomb'", "text": "INDORE: A huge plastic bag waste is taking a toll on lakes, ponds and drainage of the city. Every day, Indore generates around 40 tonnes of plastic out of which about 10 tonnes goes to integrated disposal plant. The rest is either picked up by rag pickers or left to lie around in the city.Environmentalists say that plastic bags choke lakes, ponds, urban sewerage and hundreds of animals die every year after consuming it. Besides, it causes air pollution if burnt in open as can be seen anywhere at any given day. Even the Supreme Court on Monday observed while hearing a PIL that threat of plastic bags, which is choking lakes, ponds and sewerage system is bigger than the 'atom bomb' for the next generation.Ashad Warsi of Hostech Eco Management said around 40 tonnes of plastic waste is generated in the city every day. Of which only small amount reaches the disposal centres and rest is either picked up by rag pickers or remains strewn all over. \"It causes huge environmental, health and soci-economic problems,\" he said, adding that government of Rajasthan has fully banned use of plastic bags and other states too should follow the suit.Scientist of MP Pollution Control Board, Sunil Vyas said after February 2011 plastic of less than 40 micron is banned in the state. \"We have been carrying out drive against it. Now, there is no plastic bag manufacturer in the city,\" he said adding that their job is to regulate manufacturing selling and distribution of plastic comes under the municipal corporation.IMC health in-charge Munnalal Yadav said the IMC has been facing a major problem due to plastic bags. It chokes sewers and causes water-logging in monsoon. \"Once a plastic goes inside sewers, it stays there for years causing damage to sewer lines,\" he said.Animal activist has expressed concern over killing of cattle due to plastic bags. Dr Sudhir Khetawat of Karuna International said hundreds of cattle die every year due to plastic bags. \"Generally people dispose food in plastic bags, cows eat it up along with the plastic bag, which get stuck in their stomach and results in death,\" he said, adding that according to an estimate around 30 to 50 kg of plastic is found in the stomach of dead cows across the country.Faisal Hussain of Unique Eco Recyler said plastic of more than 50 micron thickness is normally recycled, the but thin plastic bags are dangerous as these cannot even be recycled and normally used as landfills.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13059009", "title": "Real estate scam: Police move court", "text": "RANCHI: The district police on Tuesday filed an application in the court of first class judicial magistrate Shekhar Kumar to seek an order to seize properties of all the accused of real estate scam unearthed recently.\"The accused may remove immovable properties from their homes. I have informed the court and requested it to allow us to attach the same,\" said IO A K Sinha. Generally, attachment is done 30 days from the day proclamation order is issued. \"It is a sensitive issue and the accused are suspected to have escaped to foreign countries and other states. There is a legal provision to attach the property even before 30 days,\" said a lawyer.Sanjeevani Buildicon MD J D Nandi, along with his two wives and six associates, are accused of cheating crores of rupees from more than 100 persons in Ranchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058436", "title": "Funfair stalled for flouting fire norms", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team of Ahmedabad Fire and Emergency Services (AFES) officials closed down funfair and handicraft exhibition on Gujarat Education Society (GES) ground on Tuesday evening after the organizers were found flouting fire safety norms.According to AFES officials, Gramin Pratibha Vikas Samiti had got permission from the civic authorities to hold a handicraft exhibition and funfair at the ground from April 6 to June 10. The permission was given to Jeetendra Rathi, president, on the condition that he would follow the civic rules and arrange for fire safety equipments including water, fire extinguishers and making stalls on the basis of norms laid by AFES.Rajesh Bhatt, additional chief fire officer, said that when they got reports that the fire safety norms are flouted, they made a spot visit. \"We found that the electric wires were tied with tin partitions. The generators were in side of diesel barrels and no functioning fire extinguishers were present on the ground. No emergency exit was marked and goods considered highly inflammable were present. Considering these factors, we cancelled the license and also informed authorities about it,\" he said.The civic authorities said that the organizers have been asked to implement the fire safety norms if they want to continue the exhibition.A parked car near Shreyas bridge caught fire on Tuesday afternoon. According to AFES officials, a Tata Indica car belonging to Navdeep Goswami, a resident of Vasna, was parked near Shreyas Bridge at 2.15 pm. At that time, the car caught fire internally and was soon got engulfed in flames. A team of AFES officials rushed to the spot and doused the flames. The car was greatly damaged in the incident. \"We believe that the fire started due to overheating. Investigation is on,\" said an AFES official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060221", "title": "Shukla's arrest CBI's bid to cover up its own failure?", "text": "LUCKNOW: Arresting Lucknow's former CMO Dr AK Shukla just a day before the high court was to take up the NRHM case could be the CBI's bid to kill two birds with one stone - diverting people's attention from its inability to arrest some high and mighty and at the same time escaping the wrath of the court for its 'shoddy' probe.Dr Shukla was arrested on the intervening night of Sunday and Monday on charges of plotting a conspiracy to kill CMO, family welfare, Dr VK Arya on October 27, 2010. The very first official to be posted as CMO, family welfare after the post was created following bifurcation of medical and health into two ministries including that of family welfare, Dr Arya was sprayed with bullets allegedly by two shooters a few metres away from his house.Sources said it is not so that Shukla's name as the mastermind in Dr Arya murder case cropped up just days before he was arrested. It's just that the CBI sleuths kept on delaying his arrest as they did't have anything concrete to prove the ex-CMO's involvement in the murder.The murder has been linked to multi-crore NRHM scam. Those having knowledge of the agency's functioning are surprised because the arrest was made merely on the basis of statements of witnesses and accused. The CBI, sources said, is still trying to collect concrete evidence against Dr Shukla. Significantly, the CBI has adopted the same approach while arresting former family welfare minister Babu Singh Kushwaha , who is also an accused in the scam.And it is probably for this reason that the CBI has not been able to submit chargesheet, which it is supposed to file within 90 days of Kushwaha's arrest. He was arrested on March 3, immediately after the polling for the last phase of UP Assembly elections concluded. The timing of Kushwaha's arrest by the CBI at that time was also intriguing.Now, the question arises why did the CBI go for the arrest of Dr Shukla even when the status on evidence front did not change much? Sources said that on May 7, as per the court directives, the CBI had to apprise the court about the investigation progress. It was this very fear of being pulled up by the court that CBI acted in haste and arrested Dr Shukla a few hours before the scheduled court hearing.However, after a brief hearing on May 7, the court listed the case to be heard on May 28.After a brief reprieve on this front, the CBI officials went into huddle on Tuesday to prepare a strong case before they go to court on Wednesday, seeking Dr Shukla's remand in yet another bid to collect vital clue in this regard.A senior IPS officer while talking to TOI said that it would not be an easy task for CBI to collect concrete evidence against Shukla after two years of the murder.Sources also said that the arrest of Dr Shukla also came as a blessing in disguise for the CBI sleuths, who were under tremendous pressure to take some concrete action against senior IAS officer Pradeep Shukla. According to sources, the CBI has been reluctant to take any action against Shukla due to immense pressure from some top officials and politicians both from the state and Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13060110", "title": "Air India crew goof-up holds up ops at JFK airport", "text": "NEW DELHI: National carrier Air India suffered a major embarrassment at New York's JFK airport a week ago, when it was found that over 200 passengers in the flight were not carrying the mandatory US immigration card.The incident occurred two days before the US Department of Transport slapped a fine of $80,000 on A-I for its failure to post accurate information on its website.On May 1, not even a single passenger on the flight (AI-101-Delhi-New York) was carrying the US immigration card that irked American officials, throwing the A-I crew and local staff into a tizzy at the airport.Airlines sources said that it was the fault of the flight's crew, who did not pick the US immigration cards from IGI airport here, and mistakenly took some other country's immigration cards. The goof up caused a delay of over half an hour at the JFK airport, much to the annoyance of US immigration officials.However, the Air India spokesperson played down the incident and claimed that corrective steps have been taken.As per the rules, an airline buys and keeps a huge stock of immigration cards of every country where it operates. In all international flights the crew is supposed to take immigration cards from its base, and then distribute them to passengers before landing at the final destination. But these norms weren't followed on May 1, when the flight took off from Delhi.Airline sources said that the crew's mistake went unnoticed till they landed at JFK Airport. \"The crew knew about the mistake, but they still distributed the wrong country immigration cards to all the passengers, who filled them and deplaned at the airport,\" said an airline official.The crisis was resolved after the US immigration officials gave the passengers new cards. Now, A-I has issued a fresh instruction, saying the senior most crew member in each international flight will take the immigration cards, and the person will be held responsible in case of any faux pas.The cash-strapped airline is also in process of paying the fine for failing to post customer services and tarmac delay contingency plans on its website that had occurred early last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13057530", "title": "New survey for nursing homes", "text": "NOIDA: The Noida Authority has decided to conduct a new survey of residential sectors to identify nursing homes that are flouting the Supreme Court order to shut operations from residential plots. The survey will segregate the nursing homes from clinics that have been permitted to operate from the permissible 25% area of the total FAR of residential plots.Earlier this week, the Supreme Court permitted clinics to house one bed for emergency cases on the condition that the commercial usage was restricted to 25% area of the ground floor of their respective premises. However, the court has asked the Noida Authority to ensure that no polyclinics or nursing homes are permitted to operate from residential plots.Meanwhile, a panel of five doctors met the Noida CEO Sanjeev Saran and deputy CEO CB Singh to request them to diversify the ambit of permitted services in the clinics to allow services besides consultations to the patients. While the nursing home owners and doctors in Noida claim that they have already shut nursing homes in residential plots across the city, they have been requesting the Authority to allow them to carry out more services from the clinics. The Authority, however, has refused to make any room for their request.\"We told the doctors that it is not possible to go around the apex court's decision. If they are flouting norms, they will be penalized. Besides, the matter of permitting a clinic in a residential plot is strictly in accordance with the directions of the court as well as our bylaws. Hence, we cannot really act upon their request to permit them to admit patients, operate a lab, etc,\" Singh said.As per the last survey conducted by the Authority earlier this year, there are about 142 nursing homes and clinics that operate from residential plots across Noida. The Authority will also come up with a new scheme to allot alternate plots to the displaced nursing homes.The Supreme Court has directed the Authority to allot land at reasonable rates within three months to the displaced nursing homes. The court has also clarified that the above benefit will not apply to individual doctors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059383", "title": "Jal Nigam plans bottling biogas, but farmers await power generation", "text": "VARANASI: The Ganga Pollution Control Unit of UP Jal Nigam is in contact with some companies to see the possibility of bottling of biogas generated from its STPs. General manager of this unit, Ramesh Singh, told the TOI, \"We are bound to consume the sanctioned power load taken from the electricity department. In the case of a power cut, the biogas generated from STPs is utilized for waste water treatment units for two-three hours and rest of the requirements are fulfilled with diesel.\"But, for the proper utilization of the biogas generated from the STPs, he said, the possibilities for its bottling are being searched. He said that as the supply of biogas through pipelines can prove hazardous in the case of leakage its bottling for different uses can prove an ideal solution.The UPJN is looking for this possibility when the farmers of Dinapur are alleging that the promise made to them to provide power supply to their houses from the biogas operated unit had not been fulfilled. The UPJN official did not show any interest on this issue while disclosing the plans for the utilization of such gas.Jal Nigam plans bottling biogas, but farmers await power generation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13058967", "title": "Curfew continues in Bareli", "text": "BHOPAL: The protesters were produced in the court of the first class judicial magistrate Bareli and remanded to police custody.Meanwhile, curfew continued for the second day in trouble torn Bareli on Tuesday even as a huge contingent of Rapid Action Force and police battalions from six neighbouring states guarded the town against farmers' wrath. No outsider was permitted to enter the town. Superintendent of police IP Kulshreshta said the curfew was relaxed for a brief two hours in the morning and one hour in the evening for women and children only.Taking cognizance of the incident as it appeared in media reports, the state Human Right Commission has asked the chief secretary, DGP, district collector Raisen and the superintendent of police to submit a detailed report on Monday's police versus farmers clash in Bareli which killed a former sarpanch Hari Singh Prajapati and injured 50 others including 25 policemen.Police in Raisen, however, again came under the scanner after they allegedly cremated body of the deceased former sarpanch in a hurry. Hari Singh's family members were allegedly not even present during the cremation of the body.The state Congress media cell chairman Manak Agarwal claimed that the deceased Hari Singh's body was taken for post-mortem on Monday night and within hours the police cremated him without intimating his family members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059153", "title": "20 international flights hit by strike, AI sacks 10 pilots sacked, union derecognized", "text": "MUMBAI: Taking prompt action against agitating pilots, Air India on Tuesday de-recognized their union, sacked 10 pilots who were the union's executive committee members, and sealed their office after around 220 pilots called in sick nationwide, leading to the cancellation of at least 20 international flights since Monday night. The pilots, though, have decided to continue their protest.Mumbai airport officials said flights to London , Hong Kong, Jeddah and Newark had to be cancelled. While a Newark-Mumbai-Ahmedabad flight was also cancelled, a flight to Singapore was delayed by four hours. Passengers on these flights have been put up in hotels by the airline until it operates flights or makes alternative arrangements.Union civil aviation minister Ajit Singh had earlier in the day termed the agitation \"illegal'' and warned that stern action would be taken against pilots if they did not report to work by 6pm. A few hours later, he announced the decision to terminate pilots belonging to the Indian Pilots Guild (IPG) and de-recognize it. The IPG, a 500-member union of erstwhile Air India pilots, is backed by the NCP.\"They are reporting sick. They have not given any notice for any strike,'' the minister told the media in New Delhi. By then, the IPG office at the AI complex in Kalina and one in Delhi had been sealed and police personnel were posted outside. The airline said in a release: \"Air India is making efforts to operate some schedules with non-unionized category of pilots. It is also making efforts to accommodate disrupted flight passengers on flights of other airlines.''The move to sack pilots was part of a series of steps taken by the management to quash the pilots' protest. The first came in the morning, with the airline sending its doctors to record the medical condition of pilots who had called in sick. \"The merged airline's 20-25 doctors posted in the city went to the residences of these pilots for medical check-ups,'' a source said.Later in the day, the IPG pilots were called to the Central Labour Commissioner's office in Delhi for conciliation talks with the management. \"The pilots will be at a disadvantage at the conciliation meeting as the airline has already de-recognized the union and terminated its key members,'' a source said.The IPG pilots are protesting against the airline management's decision to send pilots of the erstwhile IA to train on the Boeing-787 Dreamliner. The battle between pilots of the two sides has worsened with the Indian Commercial Pilots Association (ICPA), the union representing erstwhile IA pilots, coming out in support of the management. \"We would like to offer our services for the Boeing 777 training or any other requirement of the management with immediate effect,'' a letter sent by the ICPA to the airline chairman stated.The strike comes at a time the airline is facing a severe financial crisis. The merged airline, which has a debt burden of Rs 43,777 crore, has been promised a bailout package of Rs 30,000 crore in 10 years, including an upfront equity infusion of Rs 6,750 crore, by the government. Last week, the management decided to send a batch of pilots from the erstwhile IA to Singapore to train on the Dreamliner. The training has been a contentious issue between pilots of the erstwhile AI and IA. The AI pilots contend that since the aircraft were ordered by their airline before the merger, they should have exclusive rights to train and fly the B-787s. They said since the aircraft ordered by IA are exclusively flown by its pilots, the rule should apply to them too.Last October, the IPG took the matter to the Bombay high court and in March this year, the court ruled that status quo be maintained till the integration process between two airlines is complete. It meant that only AI pilots would be sent for B-787 training. However, the ICPA approached the Supreme Court against the order. On April 23, the apex court vacated the stay given by the HC, subject to the HC's final hearing. It meant that IA pilots too could be now sent for B-787 training. \"But the SC had also advised the HC to settle the matter in six months and said if the HC ruled in the IPG's favour, the ICPA pilots sent for training on B-787 should not be used on the aircraft,'' an airline source said.The ICPA again approached the SC on May 2, stating that its pilots had not been sent for training yet. The AI's advocate submitted before the court that the pilots would be sent for training on May 8. In response, the IPG pilots began their agitation on May 4.\"In the talks between the IPG and the airline management over the last three days, the former demanded equal opportunity in career progression as has been given to the ICPA pilots,'' a source said. The talks failed as giving such a commitment to Air India pilots would add to the financial burden of the company, the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "canacona", "code": "13058810", "title": "Lorry turns turtle at Karmal ghat", "text": "CANACONA: Traffic was brought to a standstill on Karmal ghat for nearly 20 minutes when a lorry loaded with fish turned turtle at 8am on Tuesday.The Canacona police said that the lorry driver lost control of the vehicle while negotiating a sharp curve at Karmal ghat in Canacona. The driver sustained injuries on his legs and the cleaner was thrown out of the vehicle.The lorry was headed towards Margao from Karnataka. The Canacona-Margao route was blocked for a total of 20 minutes.A witness, Vithoba Velip, said, \"I was driving right behind the lorry when the driver lost control and the vehicle turned turtle after hitting a huge boulder.\" The road at Karmal ghat is on hilly terrain with accidents taking place frequently. \"Some occur due to reckless driving while others due to technical failure of the vehicle,\". said Velip. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060282", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation delegation to visit National Defence Academy on May 14", "text": "PUNE: A delegation of corporators of Pune Municipal Corporation will be visiting National Defence Academy on May 14 to see the work of installing a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji on the academy's campus in Khadakwasla.Baburao Chandere, chairman of standing committee, said, \"There was an appeal from citizens that a statue of Chhatrapati Shivaji be installed on the NDA's campus. As a result, the PMC joined hands with the NDA for the project. The civic body has extended financial support for the same and nearly Rs 60 lakh have been spent on it so far.According to Chandere, work on the statue is nearing completion and the NDA plans to unveil it soon.The standing committee on Monday gave a go ahead to supply water to Phursungi village. The village has built water tanks having a capacity of 50 lakh litres for the purpose.The standing committee has postponed felicitation of cricketer Sachin Tendulkar . A proposal forwarded by one of the corporators had said that the corporation should present Rs 11 lakh to Tendulkar for scoring 100 centuries in international cricket.Chandere said, \"As the municipal corporation cannot give more than Rs three lakh in prize money, some corporators raised an objection to the proposal. After discussing the proposal, it has now been sent to the legal department for its opinion. A final decision will be taken after receiving a reply from the legal department.\"Meanwhile, as part of a study tour for 24X7 water supply, PMC leaders and officials will visit Malkapur taluka in Kolhapur district on Wednesday. The delegation is expected to study the 24X7 water supply scheme being implemented there. \"During the day-long tour, the delegation will meet municipal council members and villagers to see how they are running the scheme. The information is expected to help in implementing a similar project in the city,\" Chandere said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059766", "title": "Siddharth Sehwag, Sarfaraz Khan knocks go in vain", "text": "MUMBAI: The efforts of Siddharth Sehwag (90) and Sarfaraz Khan (77) went in vain as Sri Lanka U-16 defeated Coca Cola XI by one wicket, in Mysore, on Tuesday. Lankans won the toss and sent Coca Cola XI in. After losing three quick wickets, opener Siddharth Sehwag dug in to keep the scorecard ticking. Thanks to a composed knock from Sarfaraz, Coca Cola XI coasted to 232-7 in 50 overs.Sri Lanka faced little difficulty in reaching the target despite losing Minhal Jaleel early. Hashan Dumindu scored 44 runs but was bowled out by Siddharth. It was the partnership between Roshan Annurudha (48) and Anuk Fernando (40) that helped them sail beyond the finish line.WR defeat Union BankWestern Railway defeated Union Bank of India by nine runs in a Group 'B' match of the Police Commissioner's Twenty20 Cup, at the Police Gymkhana ground. Western bowled well to defend their total of 162-8 from their 20 overs. They then restricted Union Bank of India to 153-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062437", "title": "Karan Johar joins hands with Rohit Shetty", "text": "Turning 40 has never been so grand. But trust Karan Johar to make any occasion memorable. After planning nine projects in the year and then taking on the challenge of judging the dance reality show Jhalak Dikhlaa Jaa, the filmmaker is now ready to unite with another hitmaker of B'town. Mirror has learnt that KJo's Dharma Productions has joined hands with Rohit 'Golmaal' Shetty for a film that goes on floors next year.Karan Johar confirmed the news and said, \"Dharma Productions and Rohit Shetty will come together. All of us in the company are really excited about this association. Rohit is an extremely talented mainstream filmmaker and I am sure, together we will make a very special film.\"When contacted, Rohit Shetty too confirmed the news. He added, \"I have immense respect for Karan's father. He is an excellent director himself and a director's producer. We have met and finalised that we would be doing a film soon. We will decide the set up and other details very soon. I am sure it will be a great experience.\"Needless to say, Rohit, after a string of hits including the successful Golmaal series and Ajay Devgn starrer Singham, has become one of the most sought after directors in the Hindi cinema industry. \"Rohit is commanding a price and respect like few others in the industry today. His success has not gone unnoticed. And now, he has been signed by Karan Johar to make a film,\" said a source.The source revealed that Karan and Rohit have been in touch for a while now. \"Rohit was busy with the shoot of his film Bol Bachchan. Karan too was busy with his directorial Student Of The Year. However, on Sunday night, after Karan returned from his outdoor schedule in Bangkok , they signed the deal,\" added the source.The casting of the film is yet to be finalised. \"Dharma Productions will be producing he film and Rohit will be directing it, since he had always been clear about not wanting to get into production as of now,\" the source told us.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058110", "title": "Shocking death Of Oz player brings issue of safety back under scanner", "text": "PANAJI: The death of Australia's Lizzie Watkins due to a head injury on the hockey pitch in Perth on Sunday came in the most bizarre of circumstances: a deflection off her own stick to the back of the head. A doctor with the national team described the incident as a \"freak occurrence\", but it also brings to the fore a dangerous set-piece in the game: the penalty corner.Way back in 1988 at the Seoul Olympics, the world watched in horror as Dutchman Floris Jan Bovelander's undercut shot hit the head of German star Stefan Blocher. The giant German lay motionless for several seconds before recovering. Since then, the penalty corner has undergone a metamorphosis, but not so much from the safety point of view.The drag flick, evolving through subtle rule changes, has become a very potent method of scoring. But it is doubly dangerous. Face masks for the defenders appear to enhance safety, but with PC experts dragging the flick very often at 130kmph or more, it's a near miracle that a tragedy hasn't taken place at the top level. There was a case of hospitalization, though, at the 2000 Olympics when a South Korean stood in the line of Pakistani Sohail Abbas' scorching salvo.The penalty corner, clearly, represents the biggest area of danger to life and limb on the hockey pitch. Australian coach Ric Charlesworth's 'Nine's' format, where the penalty-corner routine eliminates the sledge-hammer strike, must be given a chance.According to the Nine's routine, four attackers -- one injecting the ball into play from the goal-line in the usual way -- face off against three defenders standing behind the goal-line (including the goalkeeper). The three attackers receiving the ball must stand beyond the 23m line (not on top of the 'D' as in 11-a-side hockey) and the ball must be played over the 23m line before a goal can be scored.The four against three power-play may bring in safety while banishing the dreaded penalty corner assassin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panchkula", "code": "13059759", "title": "Trigger-happy men chase jeweller", "text": "PANCHKULA: A youth had a scary experience on Panchkula's roads on Tuesday evening, when he was chased by trigger-happy men. It was nothing short of a Bollywood potboiler, with the youth scampering for life as assailants tailed him. The jeweller, Harish Babbar, 22, was shot at four to five times near Sector-11/15 dividing road by three miscreants with faces covered on Tuesday evening with the motive of looting him. A bullet grazed, the victim's temple, as he ran from house to house for cover. Harish is a resident of Manimajra.Recounting what happened Rajnish Babbar, Harish's brother said, \"He was on his way home on his bike after closing the shop in Zirakpur. But when he reached near sectors 11/15 dividing road, three youths on a bike fired at him. To save his life, Harish started running on foot, but was fired at twice again. They then stopped my brother on a busy road. As he had a bag with him and they tried to snatch it.\" \"Harish ran to nearby houses to save his life. When he reached the first house, the owner shut the door on him. Harish then ran to the next house but got no help even as the youths continued to fire at him. Those bullets missed him. Finally, owner of the fifth house opened the door, however, youths by then had hit him with the butt of a revolver. As people came out, youths got scared and fled,\" said sub-inspector Balwant Singh, who is in charge of the Sector 10 police post. He added, \"We have registered a case.\"The youngster, who suffered minor injuries, was rushed to General Hospital , Sector 6. Harish told the police that youths were speaking in Haryanvi. Police also found two-three bullets from the spot. Incidentally, Harish's father was killed by terrorists in Punjab.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058197", "title": "Nagpur University refutes Gondwana University's charges of non-cooperation", "text": "NAGPUR: Stung over serious allegations of non-cooperation made by Gondwana University (GU) officials, Nagpur University switched into damage control mode by issuing a press communique that categorically refuted all the charges. In fact, the communique issued by the PRO department took credit for formation of GU and assured them all cooperation in the future.Earlier, GU registrar Vinayak Irpate, while taking to the media, said that even though the government had officially directed handover of the land, NU officials were creating hurdles. \"We have applied for getting 350 acres of land for the new university,\" he said, adding that NU officials were deliberately delaying the process of handing over files and accounts of 179 colleges that would be transferred to GU. TOI published a report in this regard on May 4.NU officials, in the press note, said that when Vijay Ainchwar was appointed as vice chancellor of newly-formed GU on October 2 last year, NU was operating without its statutory bodies and that led to some delay in transfer of files. But when they were constituted, the decisions in this regard were expedited.They added that NU had also transferred its employees and sent other senior officers on deputation to GU for its smooth functioning. They stated that they played a key role in GU's formation and were making preparation in this regard since long and even readied framework before its formation. The NU officials expressed disappointment over GU officials' statement of non-cooperation.The issue of transfer of files and other material to GU would come up for a discussion during Friday's Management Council meet.But members opposed transfer of NU sub-centre's 10 acres land at Gadchiroli to the GU, citing UGC Model College's example which will require that much of land for its expansion. On the other hand, GU officials insisted after the government's notification on the land handover, nothing was left in doubt. Even NU employees' union had staunchly opposed the move to transfer NU employees to GU and also made many representations to the vice chancellor.The Maharashtra government had come out with a gazette notification about formation of much-delayed GU on December 1 last year. With this, it became state's newest university after Solapur came into existence in 2004. Interestingly, its formation paves way for second bifurcation of NU after Amravati University was carved out of it in 1983.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13058582", "title": "'Majority tribal claims over land false'", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Making a controversial revelation, a just-brought-out high-level Gujarat government document says that \"a large number of claims\" for land made by the state's tribals under the Forest Rights Act (FRA) 2006, have been found to be \"not genuine\". Giving full marks to the use of modern technology for this, the document says, this became clear after the tribals' land title claims were verified with the \"use of four-layered superimposed digitized maps and satellite imagery along with GPS-based personal digital assistant (PDA) maps\".The document, titled \"Tribal Sub-Plan: Annual Development Programme 2012-13\", brought out by the tribal development department, underlines that had the government not used the \"accurate and transparent method of verification through geo-informatics technology... 90% of additional land through false claims could have been unjustly rewarded.\" Terming the use of the technology for verifying tribals' claims as \"ground truthing exercise\", it suggests, only 10% of claims were \"genuine\".Marked \"For Official Use\", the document says, the government received 1.81 lakh \"individual claims\", but state forest records indicated that, of these, \"only 25,000 tribal families had been occupying forest land\" in 2005, to be made rightful owners, as required by the FRA.But, as there were so many claims, the government took a \"policy decision by passing a resolution to the effect that the four-layered superimposition of digitized maps and satellite imagery could be legally considered as evidence for land claims.\"In order to do this, the government used \"cadastral maps\" created by the state-owned Bhaskaracharya Institute of Space Application and Geo-informatics (BISAG), and digitized the forest maps of villages concerned for \"identifying the plots of land claimed by tribal individuals\". These maps were superimposed on archival records of satellite imagery for tribal areas of the state, obtained from the National Remote Sensing Centre, Hyderabad, for the months of December, 2005, and December, 2007.The document claims, \"This process was error free and could thus qualify for at least a three-sigma rating, signifying an accuracy rate of over 99.7%.\" Citing a sample of four villages in Vijaynagar taluka of Sabarkantha district, it emphasizes, the \"highly accurate geo-informatics process to verify the claims also revealed that in some cases certain \"genuine claimants\" had encroached after 2005 to corner more land!The document further claims that, when villagers were shown \"comprehensive but simple maps were generated for identifying genuine claims\", they could \"identify familiar features like ponds, rivers, houses and plots within the villages\".This led them to \"trust use of the maps\", and the government was helped in \"weeding out wrong claims\" easily. \"as these maps showed when and where agricultural cultivation had been done on forest land.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060289", "title": "Textool overbridge to be widened", "text": "COIMBATORE: Motorists using the Textool Railway Overbridge on a regular basis can breathe easy soon, as the bridge is all set to be widened with the construction of an additional two-lane structure parallel to the existing bridge. The bumper to bumper traffic and frustration of motorists trying to navigate the roads will soon be a thing of the past, when the new structure is launched. The total width of the existing bridge is 7.5 metres and it will be doubled to 15 metres at the completion of the project.\"The proposal has been cleared and we are awaiting the final order from the government to complete the departmental formalities and begin the project,\" said a senior state highways department official.Though the existing bridge constructed by the Railways department is on Sathy Road, National Highway 209, the project will be completed by availing funds sanctioned to the state highways department from the Tamil Nadu government. The project has been handed over to the state highways department as a special case after a Non Objection Certificate (NOC) was issued by the national highways department empowering the state body to execute the work. The project is estimated to cost Rs 20 crore which the state government has cleared in principal and is expected to officially is GO in the next few days.\"We are preparing a feasibility report for converting National Highway 209 into a four-lane road on Build Operate and Transport (BOT) basis and the total estimated cost of the project is Rs 2500 crore. We will not take up structural construction on this road at the moment and hence an NOC was given to the state highways department to execute the work,\" said a senior national highways department official.Motorists who ply on the road regularly say that the entire stretch becomes a bottleneck during peak hours and it's high time that both the bridge and the road was widened to ease traffic. \"It is a real bother to use this road during peak hours. It takes more than 20 minutes to cross the bridge,\" said V Vivekanandan, a bus conductor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060356", "title": "2 cricket betting rackets busted, 6 held", "text": "JAIPUR: The Crime Investigation Unit of Jaipur Commissionerate busted two cricket-betting rackets running parallel during an IPL match on Tuesday and arrested six persons.The arrested persons-Ashok Motwani and his wife Neetu Motwani, Bittu and Ramesh from a house in Malviya Nagar and Jaiprakash Sindhi and Bhagwan Raj Sindhi from a rented house in Shree Colony near Fortis Hospital. Police recovered cash worth Rs 14.43 lakh, 16 mobile phones, laptops and two television sets from both the locations.Raghuveer Saini, additional deputy commissioner of police who initiated the raid at both the places during an IPL match between Deccan Chargers and Kings XI Punjab told TOI, \"We recovered transition slips of Rs 1.5 crore from Motwani's house and transition slips of Rs 50 lakh from Jaiprakash's house.\"\"To avoid police action both the accused parties were running the racket in a residential area. Jaiprakash has taken a rented accommodation three months back aiming to run this racket during IPL, while Motwani involved his wife to avoid any doubt on his activities in his locality,\" added Saini.Motwani is a habitual offender and has been involved in betting since a long time, police said. Both the accused parties had adopted methods to escape the eyes of the police. Separate mobiles were being used for receiving the rates and accepting the bets. Till the last report came police was examining the transition slips and were finding out their connections in different cities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13058246", "title": "Private firm employee held for Rs 57L fraud", "text": "AKOLA: A private contract firm, software and solution agency employee was arrested on Tuesday in connection with misappropriation of 57 lakhs carried out in eight ATM of central bank of India .Pandhri Modak was arrested on the basis of complaint filed by the official of the agency. Through a contract the agency had accepted the work of loading currency notes in ATMs.As per further contract the loading of cash in ATM was to be done by Inter Active Services Pvt. Ltd of Aurangabad.The accused was employee of Nagpur-based branch of Inter Active Services Pvt. Ltd working in Akola and in charge of loading the cash in ATM of said Bank at Khamgaon, Buldana, Washim, Murtizapur, Malkapur, Akola.On realizing that less cash was being deposited in the machines, an audit of ATM machine's transactions were taken which reveals the short of 56,83,400. Amit the company official, who had died in an accident, was also involved in the fraud. Modak stated that 30 lakhs were given to Amit police arrested one more person.Modak was willing to refund the amount, excluding 30 lakhs, but the company did not accept.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "sompeta", "code": "13058221", "title": "Bandh against thermal power plants", "text": "SOMPETA: Four mandals of Srikakulam district observed a total bandh on Tuesday in protest against the Centre's granting of environmental clearances to the proposed thermal power plants in the district. The bandh was peaceful in Sompeta, Baruva, Kanchili and Kaviti mandals as shops, business establishments, offices and educational institutions remained closed. All modes of transportation came to a standstill as the anti-power plant agitators enforced the bandh.Union environment minister Jayanti Natarajan announced that her ministry granted the environmental clearances to Sompeta and Kakarapalli power plants during question hour in parliament on April 30. Taking umbrage to her statement, the Paryavarana Parirakshana Samithi (PPS), which is spearheading the stir against the power plants, threatened to intensify its movement.PPS president Y Krishna Murthy demanded cancellation of GO 1107, which gives room for setting up the thermal power plants. \"We would continue the agitations till the government quashes the GO and annuls the clearances accorded to the plant managements,\" he said. East Coast Energy Private Ltd got the clearance for its Kakarapalli plant on April 9, 2009 and Nagarjuna Construction Company received nod for its power plant at Beela in Sompeta on December 9 same year.However, the central government kept the permissions in abeyance following the deaths of three farmers in police firing when the anti-power plant agitations turned violent. The fisherfolk, farm labourers and PPS activists have been conducting relay hunger strikes for the last 886 days in Sompeta .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062086", "title": "How Nandish became a chef", "text": "Nandish confesses that he never stepped in the kitchen during his growing up years.\"I had my mother and grandmother fussing over me entirely.\" Being his grandmother's favourite grandchild, she and his mother would often argue on what lands on the table, \"My dadi would want it to be only the dishes I like, while my mother felt that I should eat other things too.\" And his mother was quite successful and innovative at that, he tells us. \"In Dholpur (Rajasthan), where we live, the food culture is quite different. Other than what goes into traditional cooking, ingredients are hard to come by. And for other regional cuisines, one has to travel to Delhi or Agra restaurants. But my mom would make a lot of these things at home like Dahi Bhallas, Dosas, even cakes. All my birthday cakes were baked at home by her,\" he shares.It was only when a career in the Indian Armed Forces didn't materialize did he think of signing up for hotel management. \"I went to an Army school, and the only career I ever dreamt of was one in the Air Force. I was quite lost when it didn't materialize.\" Then modeling came to his mind, but his family wasn't too keen on that as a career. So, he zeroed it on a professional course in Mumbai as his ticket to the city of glitz and glamour , he confesses.And to Nandish's surprise, he enjoyed the stint in the kitchen during his classes. \"And I wouldn't leave opportunity to impress and compete with my mom with all that I knew and learnt,\" he says. \"I first tried to impress her by baking bread, but the oven at home had some weird settings, and my breads would burn. So I turned to dishing up simpler things like Chicken Chettinand, Malabari Lachedhaari parathas and all that.\"And by the third year into the course, he was balancing between sauteing and blanching over pots and pans and walking the ramp, a phase he thoroughly enjoyed.Nandish says that his parents were okay with modeling as his hobby and a career in the hotel industry, but he always wanted it otherwise. Now, he enjoys cooking as a hobby and modeling and acting's his career. The actor, however, plans to some day open a restaurant. \"But that needs a lot of dedication and time.\"And whenever he gets that time, he says, he'd like to open a lounge cum restaurant. \"It's definitely going to have a bar. I feel it'll be too boring to have a place with it,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kandela (jind)", "code": "13060245", "title": "Villagers dedicate temple to \u2018saviour\u2019 bull", "text": "KANDELA (JIND): Back in 2002, when a bull saved protesting residents of Kandela - a sleepy hamlet in Haryana's Jind district, from indiscriminate police firing - the animal transcended its mortal being and joined the league of Gods. After the bull died a natural death, the villagers built a temple in its fond memory. Today, this temple has perhaps more devotees than any other in the vicinity.Ten years back, Kandela had turned into a virtual battleground between farmers and the then INLD government led by Om Prakash Chautala . The villagers were against the government's power policy and began an agitation by blocking the highway.To quell the protest, Haryana cops opened fire on the villagers and at the same time the bull came charging towards the police and attacked them. Almost simultaneously, the police rifles stopped working and their vehicles jammed. Even though a few villagers lost their lives, they believe the bull emerged as a saviour and prevented many deaths.\"Dada Kheda\" (supreme authority), as the bull is addressed, breathed its last in 2004. The villagers built a temple, where they assemble for prayers every Sunday. A statue of the bull is enshrined in the temple. Today, the temple is overseen by the village panchayat-with a caretaker permanently posted for its upkeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062351", "title": "Mahesh Manjrekar to direct a Hindi film again", "text": "His last Hindi directorial Vaah! Life Ho to Aisi headlined by Shahid Kapoor and Amrita Rao bombed at the box office, following which he took a sabbatical.But now Mahesh Manjrekar of Vaastav fame is returning to the fold. Mirror has learnt he will direct a Hindi film after seven long years, to be produced by Sanjay Gupta.Manjrekar confirmed the news and added, \"The film will be based on human relationships and is set against a period backdrop.\"Asked why he had almost but disappeared from the Hindi film scene, Manjrekar said, \"Honestly, at some point, I would even like to make a Hindi version of my recent Marathi film Kaksparsh. There was a time in Hindi cinema when too many remakes of South Indian films were happening. That is not my type of cinema. However, after Paan Singh Tomar, Kahaani and Vicky Donor, things are looking pretty different. I am glad.\"Sanjay Gupta too said, \"Mahesh is not only a friend but also a super filmmaker. I am backing him all the way. It will be heartwarming to have him back in Hindi cinema. A few days ago, I saw Kaksparsh and was bowled over.\"It is learnt Manjrekar's film is likely to start as soon as Gupta is free from his directorial comeback, Shootout at Wadala.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13059446", "title": "HC summons Samastipur DM, DDC", "text": "PATNA: The Patna High Court on Tuesday summoned the Samastipur DM and the DDC seeking from them an explanation with regard to the 'illegal' arrest of a lawyer, Anil Kumar Singh, by the DM. The arrestresulted in disruption of the functioning of the district court for over 19 days. As many as 80,000 lawyers across the state had gone on strike on May 2 in protest against the lawyer's arrest. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13059097", "title": "Kudankulam villagers return their voters' IDs", "text": "MADURAI: A large number of villagers in and around Kudankulam on Tuesday submitted their voter identity cards to members of the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) to be surrendered to the revenue officials later, opposing the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP).The move by the villagers comes in the wake of chief minister J Jayalalithaa announcing in New Delhi that the first reactor of the multi-crore nuclear plant would attain criticality in 10 days. The villagers from Idinthakarai, Thomaiyarpuram, Perumanal, Kuduthalai, Kudankulam, Vairavikinaru, Kuthankuli, Kuttapuli and Avaidaiyalpuram submitted their voter ID cards to PMANE functionaries at the protest site in Idinthakarai and also signed an undertaking opposing the nuclear plant.The anti-nuclear plant protesters also conducted the signature campaign in several villagers around Kudankulam. \"We will be utilising the signatures collected to prove our mandate against KKNPP in the courts,\" said PMANE coordinator S P Udayakumar. By Tuesday evening, more than 2000 persons had surrendered their voter ID cards even as 325 persons are observing a fast.PMANE has also launched a campaign titled \"Respect India\", on the need to respect the rights of individuals and communities. \"Just as the freedom fighters asked the colonial rulers to 'Quit India,' we, the People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy fighters, request the corrupt and communal ruling class in India to 'Respect India,' respect the Indian citizens' lives, rights and entitlements,\" Udayakumar urged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059379", "title": "Delay in land acquisition at Sathwa may stop funds inflow", "text": "VARANASI: More delay in the process of land acquisition for two sewage treatment plants at Sathwa may pose threat to stopping the funding by some agencies.It's worth mentioning here that under the Ganga Action Plan phase-II, the creation of a treatment plant by the UP Jal Nigam's Ganga Pollution Control unit was proposed at Sathwa. The land acquisition department was given Rs 3545.35 lakh to acquire 43.537 hectare land of 408 farmers in 2010-11. However, due to the protest of farmers, this process could not be completed so far.According to Ramesh Singh, general manager of Ganga Pollution unit of UPJN, initially in 2003, one STP of 120 mld, sanctioned under Jawahar Lal Nehru Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) was proposed at Sathwa. But, later, the UPJN decided to establish another STP of 140 mld capacity, funded by Japan International Cooperation Agency (JICA), at the same site, he added.He said that if the land acquisition process had completed two years back, the STP sanctioned under JNNURM could be completed by 2013 as major part of sewage pipeline laying project in trans-Varuna had been completed and remaining work would be completed by 2014. The project being funded by JICA was sanctioned in 2010. Under it, he said, a sewage pumping station had also to be constructed at Chawkaghat.He said that if this project would not complete by 2015, the JICA can stop funding to the project. He said that to avoid this situation, the JICA funded project can be transferred to Dinapur, where spare land can be utilized for establishing another STP of 140 mld with changed technology. He said that shifting this STP would become a must, the UPJN would start process for getting sanction of Government of India for change in technology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058161", "title": "Abolish Haj subsidy in 10 years: Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday directed the Union government to gradually reduce and abolish Haj subsidy in 10 years and invest the amount - averaging over Rs 650 crore a year for last five years - in education and other measures for social development of the minority community.\"We direct the central government to progressively reduce the amount of subsidy so as to completely eliminate it within a period of 10 years from today,\" said a bench of Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana P Desai in an order that reflected a resolve which successive governments had failed to muster in the last 60 years. That the apex court had earlier upheld the constitutional validity of Haj subsidy only adds to the significance of the order.\"The subsidy money may be more profitably used for uplift of the community in education and other indices of social development,\" said Justice Alam, who wrote the order. The court said it has no authority to speak on the minority community's behalf and that it would be presumptuous to tell the Muslims what was a good or bad religious practice even though it cited the Quran to say that Haj pilgrimage was mandatory only for those who could afford the expenses for travelling, food and accommodation.\"We have no doubt that a very large majority of Muslims applying to the Haj committee for going to Haj would not be aware of the economics of their pilgrimage and if all the facts are made known, a good many of the pilgrims would not be very comfortable in the knowledge that their Haj is funded to a substantial extent by the government,\" the bench said while reminding the community about the Quran's verse 97 in Surah 3, Al-e-Imran, which mandated that Muslims should undertake Haj only if they could afford it.The court said it was aware that in many other purely religious events there were direct and indirect deployment of state funds and resources. \"Nevertheless, we are of the view that Haj subsidy is something that is best done away with,\" the bench of Justices Alam and Desai said.BJP and other Hindutva outfits have traditionally attacked Haj subsidy on grounds that it was contrary to the principle of secularism and marked an appeasement of the minority community, before they sought to turn it into justification for subsidy for Hindu pilgrimages.The apex court also objected to the jumbo-size Prime Minister's Goodwill Delegation that visits Saudi Arabia every year at the government's expense. \"The present practice of sending such a delegation must come to a stop,\" the bench said.It asked the government to choose a maximum 10 among the Haj pilgrims who were in Saudi Arabia on their own expenses. They could coordinate with the Indian envoy there for conveying goodwill of Indians to Kingdom of Saudi Arabia , it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13059021", "title": "Traditional or Rock, 'Rabindrasangeet' resonates both ways", "text": "BHOPAL: They are not the native of the state! Rather, they are far from where their roots are. Still, their love for Rabindrasangeet has inspired them to keep alive the music in the state capital.Meet Madhuri Mukherjee, aged 76, who has been teaching Tagore's music in Bhopal for the last 50 years. She was a student of the renowned singer Suchitra Mitra . \"I started my school in 1963 when I came here after marriage. My husband late Raja Mukherjee was a direct kin of the Tagore family (her husband was the grandson of Rabindranath Tagore's elder brother Hemendranath Tagore). Being at close quarters with the family itself propelled me to take up the art more seriously,\" Madhuri said.\"My husband was very close to late Tarun Coomar Bhaduri (father of actress Jaya Bachchan ). In fact it was his wife Indira Bhaduri who prompted me to start the school,\" she added.Madhuri, who has held music lessons at BHEL Kalibari and 5 no. stop, was a regular at various Bangiyo Parishad concerts.\"At one point of time I had over a 100 students. Even so, many were non-Bengalis. This amazed me,\" she said.Another Rabindrasangeet admirer, Tilottama Chakroborty, wife of a retired assistant general manager BHEL, was a probasi (expatriate) brought up in Patna . Her association with Rabindrasangeet has been for over 35 years now. A music graduate, her love for Tagore is still intact after all these years. Only recently, has she taken up teaching college students too.\"There are a couple of students who are non-Bengalis. Their zeal for the musical form is indeed inspiring. Before taking up any song, I first explain the gist of it to them because the feeling or the emotion with which it is sung is important,\" said Tilottama.Rock meets TagoreRock band Joshish, whose claim to fame was being in the last 10 shows of the MTV Rock On, is all set to belt out Tagore songs a second time as a part of the on-going Tagore festival on Wednesday. Sameer Rahat, bassist and lead vocalist of the band says his band is confident to enthrall the audience.\"Last year we weren't too confident and really scared. It showed in the performance. We also forgot the lyrics at one place. But this time, we are better geared up as there is definitely more conviction and lots of practice put behind the gig,\" said Rahat.Their show, last year at Bharat Bhavan garnered mixed reviews with some believing that it went a little over the top.\"We got the feedback that the rendition of Ekla Cholo Re was a bit too loud. This time we're sticking to the basics and keeping it simple. It would be a different version from the last time,\" said Rahat.Besides the track, the other Tagore number would be Purano Shei Diner Kotha, which would be sung by Meghdeep Bose, a city-based keyboard player and vocalist who would also accompany Rahat on the Ekla Cholo Re track. The rest of the concert titled Gitanjali would have eight of their original songs including Parinda and Khurdure.\"Attempting Tagore's songs involved doing a lot of background work as well. Personally, it was really inspiring for me as a musician,\" Rahat added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mehsana", "code": "13059251", "title": "Co-operative sector comes to boil in north Gujarat", "text": "Mehsana: Milk is coming to boil in dairy co-operative sector in north Gujarat. Leaders of co-operative sector from the region will be converging at Mehsana's Dudhsagar Dairy on Thursday to protest against Banas Dairy's decision of canceling representation of Radhanpur and Satalpur taluka's from its board.Banas and Mehsana dairies are the two largest dairies of Gujarat.The political turmoil is brewing after Banas Dairy led by chairman Parthi Bhatol recently got the representation of his arch rival BJP MLA Shankar Chaudhary and his wife Premila - as representatives of the two talukas - cancelled from the dairy's board. Ironically, though representation of the two talukas has been cancelled, Banas Dairy has decided that it will continue procuring milk from the two talukas.Thursday's programme is also being seen as a show of strength by Mehsana Dairy's chairman Vipul Chaudhary, who has invited chairmen of all the 15 district dairy unions of Gujarat, to debate over the Banas Dairy's decision. Representatives from village level milk co-operative societies of the two districts, taluka panchayat heads, co-operative leaders from banking sector, MLAs and MPs have also been invited.\"The act of canceling representation of two talukas which have remained integral part of Banas Dairy is undemocratic and unprincipled,\" said Mehsana Dairy's Jayanti Patel while addressing media persons on Tuesday. Terming Banas Dairy's decision as against the basic principles of co-operative sector, Mehsana Dairy officials questioned whether representation of all 26 districts of Gujarat can be cancelled by 15-odd district dairy unions of Gujarat. \"If this is to be set as a precedent, someone may even demand that Amul Dairy which procures milk from both Anand and Kheda district, should stop representation from Anand district as it was originally registered as a Kaira Union,\" said dairy official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058001", "title": "2 health officials in the dock", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police on Tuesday produced before a trial court two senior health ministry officials of the Delhi government for their alleged bungling in procurement of sterile surgical gloves for government hospitals.Special judge Sangita Dhingra Sehgal sent D S Rao, 52, in-charge of Central Procurement Agency, and Sarvesh Bhattacharjee, 61, director, health services to 14-day judicial custody till May 21.The duo was arrested by the anti-corruption branch of Delhi Police on May 7, nearly four months after an FIR was registered against them on charges of cheating and corruption.The two doctors stand accused of allegedly favouring MRK Healthcare of Mumbai in bulk purchase of surgical gloves at an exorbitant cost. The duo has been accused of favouring the Mumbai firm by giving it the contract to supply surgical gloves for two years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060376", "title": "Junior engineer caught taking 'bribe cheque'", "text": "JAIPUR: A junior engineer working in a Sarva Shiksha Abhiyan development project was caught accepting a cheque along with some cash as bribe in a first of its kind case in the state. The engineer, Om Joshi, was accepting a bribe of Rs 95,000 for releasing money to a contractor who had constructed toilets in government schools. He was arrested.According to IG, ACB, Umesh Mishra, one Premchand Lahor had registered a complaint with the ACB regarding this. \"Lahor said that under the Sarva Siksha Abhiyan project, he had constructed 15 toilets and a government school for which an amount of Rs 11.90 lakh was to be paid to him,\" said the officer.He added that junior engineer, Om Joshi, was demanding a bribe of about 1.20 lakh. \"Joshi was threatening Lahor that if this 10% is not paid to him, he would reject quality of the construction work in physical verification,\" said Mishra.Lahor had paid Rs 21,000 earlier. However, when Lahor pleaded that he did not have enough cash, Joshi told him to give him a cheque of the remaining amount.\"Accepting cheque for bribe is quite rare. Lahor agreed to give a cheque of Rs 75,000, while the remaining Rs 25,000 in cash. He was trapped on Tuesday,\" said the officer.In yet another trap, an inspector of regional transport office was caught taking bribe from trucks during a checking in Bikaner, ACB officials said. The inspector, Chheetarmal, was trapped in 2004 too. The Rajasthan High Court put a stay on the chargesheet in the previous case following which he continued to remain on duty. His driver and guard were also arrested on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13059109", "title": "Fisherman missing", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Separate cases of deep sea accidents were reported at Thumba and Vizhinjam after two fishing boats sank in the rough sea on T0uesday. The police have registered a man missing case after 48-year-old Anto, hailing from Thumba went missing in the sea.He had set out on a catamaran into the deep sea for fishing on Tuesday morning. He did not return, following which his family lodged a complaint with the police. Anto and his boat could not be found despite the Coast Guard launched a search.On the same day, the Marine Enforcement officials saved two fishermen, whose catamaran was wrecked by the rough sea waves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060298", "title": "New model to infuse life into Centenary Hospital", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University has proposed to run its Centenary Hospital on the lines of Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute (SGPGI) which provides healthcare facilities on a 'no profit, no loss' basis. In a proposal to this effect, the administration has asked the state government to allow the institution to shift six super-specialty departments from the present campus to the Centenary Hospital.The suggested model may put the hospital on track which has been delayed by seven years and project cost escalated by at least 34%, say CSMMU officials. Since the hospital was conceived during thr regime of Mulayam Singh, faculty and staff in the university are hopeful that the Samajwadi Party government would get the project rolling.Centenary Hospital was proposed to mark 100 years of CSMMU. Its foundation stone was laid by the then chief minister Mulayam Singh Yadav on April 26, 2005. Construction was to be done in three phases. Deadline for the first phase was December 2005 while the remaining two phases were to be completed by July 2007. Only out patient department (OPD) services in six departments started in 2011 but were soon closed.The hospital was to function on the Robinhood principle, that is, the affluent would pay the fee while the poor would provided free treatment. Centenary Hospital is supposed to hire 500 nurses , technicians and para-medical staff on contract basis. Citing that there were few takers of the OPD services at the hospital, CSMMU has proposed a new model. Chief medical superintendent, CSMMU, Prof SN Shankhwar said, \"The proposal has been submitted to the state government and we are now waiting for the clearance.\"As per the new model, six existing super specialty departments of CSMMU will be shifted to the Centenary Hospital.These are: neurosurgery, surgical gastroenterology, surgical oncology, plastic surgery, pediatric surgery and urology. Each department would have 210 dedicated indoor and OT facilities. For indoor facilities, the bed charges for a general ward would be Rs 200 per day while patients in the high dependency wards would be charged Rs 300 per day. A rate of Rs 500 per day has been fixed for the intensive care units.The officials also want to drop the Robinhood model and make it a general hospital with user charges higher than the usual. The cost of services will be at par with the rates charged by SGPGI. The same will be applicable for all diagnostic and pathological services. All below poverty line (BPL), vipanna (a Central government service for poor) and destitute patients won't be charged for the service. Other patients would have to pay Rs 100 for registration which would be valid for six months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13058044", "title": "Yamuna enclosures: Court rap on government", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Tuesday warned civic authorities it would summon the city's environment secretary if its directions on construction of special permanent enclosures on the Yamuna bank are not taken seriously.Justice G P Mittal pulled up the civic authorities for failure to build the enclosures for immersion of idols and other items during festivals to ensure the river doesn't get choked.HC was hearing a petition by V K Jain who runs an NGO 'Tapas'. Jain informed HC that despite its 2006 order and assurances by MCD for construction of 13 special permanent enclosures, only four temporary enclosures have been constructed so far.The court has already sought an explanation from Delhi government, DDA and MCD as to why contempt of court proceedings should not be initiated against them for not complying with its orders to stop pollution of the river.Jain has alleged that every year, MCD makes temporary enclosures during the festive season but the condition of most of them is pathetic.He alleged the government authorities were passing the buck and cited information obtained through an RTI query. \"Last year, in response to an RTI submission, MCD and DDA said that the work did not concern them as it was not part of the Yamuna Action Plan,\" the petition says. In 2006, the court had directed MCD to make special permanent enclosures on a PIL seeking direction to maintain the river Yamuna clean and pollution free.In 2009, the agency had given an undertaking to the court to complete the project by 2011, but the agency failed to comply with it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "13059729", "title": "Al-Jazeera shuts shop in China after reporter is expelled", "text": "BEIJING: Broadcaster Al-Jazeera closed its English news operation in China after the Chinese government refused to renew press credentials and visa of its correspondent , Melissa Chan.The Qatar-based news channel said it had \"no other choice\" but to close its Beijing bureau since the government also refused to allow a replacement. It has also not replied to repeated requests to post additional correspondents in the bureau.The Foreign Correspondents' Club (FCC) of China said the government was using visas as a censorship tool. This is the first time in 13 years that China has expelled a foreign correspondent.Defending the decision, Chinese foreign ministry spokesman said, \"We handled the organization and its staff in question based on the law and regulations and performance of that person.\"Al-Jazeera English news director Salah Negm said his network's China coverage was objective. China was unhappy because foreign journalists cover events that hardly figure in government controlled publications.An Al-Jazeera documentary had angered officials though Chan was not involved in its making. \"They have expressed unhappiness with the general editorial content on Al-Jazeera English and accused Chan of violating rules and regulations that they have not specified,\" the FCC said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059200", "title": "5 LeT terrorists have landed in city", "text": "MUMBAI: Central intelligence agencies have wa88rned the Mumbai police that five Lashkar-e-Taiba operatives have sneaked into the city and are plotting to attack vital installations, including petroleum establishments, possibly through the sea route.The alert was sent on Sunday along with colour photographs of the five terrorists, all of whom are in the age of group of 25-30 years. Following the warning, sources said, police commissioner Arup Patnaik called a high-level meeting on security.Monday to discuss heightening of security at important installations. Coastal police officers, deputy commissioner (port zone), additional commissioner (south region), additional commissioner (protection and security), Central Industrial Security Force personnel and Bombay Port Trust officials were among those who attended.Sources said the central alert lists several targets the terrorists could possibly attack. It ostensibly mentions naval installations, Bombay Port Trust, petroleum establishments in Mahul, Bhabha Atomic Research Centre, Tata Power Station as well as a road and a rail bridge between Mumbai and Pune. A recce of the petroleum establishments was conducted by the LeT last year, according to intelligence agencies, by individuals driving an oil truck.A senior police officer who attended the commissioner's meeting said the central alert states that the five LeT terrorists entered Mumbai a few days ago and are currently hiding here. It also declares that their plan is to \"sabotage\" key installations close to the coast by \"hiring a ferry from the Gateway of India\" and \"attacking them from the sea\".The terrorists, the officer added, infiltrated the country earlier by land through the borders of Gujarat, Rajasthan and Jammu and Kashmir. They are carrying on them fake Indian identity cards, copies of which have been sent by central intelligence agencies to the Mumbai police.The police top brass refused to talk officially about the terror alert. Joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy and additional commissioner of police (protection and security) Madhukar Pandey said they cannot discuss matters of terrorism and security.With central agencies warning of a possible attack on Mumbai from the sea, coastal police officers here said that, more than three years after 26/11, they still do not have the resources to fend off a terror assault. They complained that the speedboats they were given break down every few days. Also, they were never provided the numbers of personnel promised.The state government had originally promised to assign 692 personnel to the Yellow Gate coastal police and 759 to the Mahim coastal police. But till today, their staff strength is only 207 and 148. \"Many letters have been sent to the commissionerate and the government, requesting them to increase the staff strength, but in vain,\" an officer said. \"Our speed boats are of poor quality; they cannot travel fast and they capsize if the seas are rough. Of the 27 boats, only 14 are functional.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060179", "title": "Recording of confessional statements begins today", "text": "PUNE: Additional chief judicial magistrate V K Yawalkar will start the process of recording confessional statements of 11 witnesses in the case of RTI activist Satish Shetty's murder. The CBI, Pune unit, has recently obtained permission from the district and sessions court for recording confessional statements of witnesses under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code.Shetty, who had exposed many land scams in Pune district using the RTI Act, was killed at Talegaon Dabhade on January 13, 2010. The CBI is investigating the case, following directions from the Bombay HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058403", "title": "Get passport easily now", "text": "NAGPUR: Getting a passport will become more simple and transparent now. The Passport Office is all set to launch a Passport Seva Kendra in the city from May 14.The country's largest software exporter, Tata Consultancy Services (TCS), will launch the centre and also operate it under the ministry of external affairs' ambitious Passport Seva Project. The centre will be inaugurated on May 10, at Bilquis Plaza, Sadiqabad, Mankapur, on Koradi road. Accepting applications and issuance of passport will begin from May 14.The Passport Office at Nagpur led by passport officer NP Keny is providing services to 17 districts of Vidarbha and Marathwada. Now, the entire process is all set to become smooth with the launch of the state-of-the-art centre.Assistant public information officer R Shivkumar told TOI the application process and status of the application will be available on a new website http://passportindia.gov.in. \"A call centre (the number is 1800-258-1800) will also come into operation with the inauguration of the centre,\" The applicants may contact on 1800-258-1800 and get details and status of their application,\"he said.There will be a few changes in the application process with the arrival of the centre. According to officials, the applicant will have to visit the new website and create a user ID and get a password. Application forms may be filled online. Alternatively, an e-form should be downloaded, filled and upload back on the website. The applicant will have to visit the centre at the given time and date along with all documents. The applicant has to be present as he has to give thumb impression and sign on the papers. The photograph of the applicants will be taken at the centre itself. The passport will be sent to the applicant's postal address.Applicants from all 17 districts in the jurisdiction of Passport Office, Nagpur, can avail the service from the centre along with those residing in the city. The applications submitted at various centres in the 17 district places will also come to the centre.A team of officials from Passport Office will also be present at the centre along with TCS staffers. All verification process etc will be done at the centre itself and then forwarded to the Passport Office at Seminary Hills for completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059105", "title": "Mandatory death penalty provision may be dropped from NDPS Act", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government may drop the mandatory death penalty provision for repeat drug offenders through an amendment of the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act.Finance minister Pranab Mukherjee on Tuesday said in response to a parliamentary question that he was considering bringing an amendment based on the recommendations made by the parliamentary standing committee on finance.\"In view of the observations of the standing committee made in its report on the NDPS (Amendment) Bill, 2011, it is proposed to amend Section 31A of the NDPS Act and replace the words 'shall be punishable with death' with the words 'may be punishable with death',\" Mukherjee told Rajya Sabha.The NDPS Act, 1985 has provision for a graded system of punishment, with the quantum of punishment varying with the quantity of drug or substance involved in a case, he said. The provision for capital punishment is in case of repeat offence only.This provision was earlier questioned by the Bombay high court which had in June last year held that the section relating to mandatory death penalty was violative of Article 21 of the Constitution (right to life). The observation was made in a case where the accused was convicted twice for the offence.The court had observed that second conviction in NDPS case need not be death penalty and it was the sole discretion of the judge of the special court to decide about capital punishment.Though there was a surge in the number of people prosecuted under the NDPS Act in the last three years, there was a decline in the cases of conviction.As many as 20,000 people were prosecuted in 2011 for their involvement in offences under the NDPS Act as against 19,700 in 2010 and 19,300 in 2009, Mukherjee said.Out of them, only 7,800 and 9,800 people were convicted in 2011 and 2010 respectively. In 2009, a total of 11,000 were convicted for the offences, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13057789", "title": "MBBS exam centres in Tamil Nadu to install mobile jammers", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu Dr MGR Medical University today informed the Madras high court it has directed examination centres to install mobile phone jammers and metal detectors in view of instances of some MBBS students allegedly using mobile phones for copying earlier this year.The submission was made by the university's counsel Narmadha Sampath when a petition seeking a direction to the university to publish the result of a final year MBBS student came up came up for hearing. Vigilance squads have been appointed in all medical colleges from April this year.Petitioner S Arif Mohammed contended he was not aware of the reason for for his result being withheld there by delaying his internship.In a counter affidavit, the university said the petitioner was among 10 students accused of indulging in copying through mobile phones and blue tooth accessories during MBBS part II examination in February last.In view of prima facie material available and information received, the results of 10 candidates had been withheld.Justice K Chandru dismissed the petition in view of the stand taken by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13056780", "title": "Traffic plan for Delhi Gate intersection", "text": "NEW DELHI: Brace for more traffic jams on Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg. Weeks after Delhi Metro put its traffic diversion plan into effect at the ITO intersection, it is planning to work on the underground station at Delhi Gate simultaneously.The traffic plan will see realignment of the Delhi Gate intersection, with the left turn to LNJP Hospital being closed while the carriageway for traffic going in both directions will be shifted to Asaf Ali Road. The traffic going towards the Civic Centre now travels on Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, which runs opposite LNJP hospital and adjacent to Asaf Ali road. Parts of Bahadur Shah Zafar Marg will also be affected, with the width coming down from the existing 11m to only 9m at places, post-diversions.The traffic diversion plan, which has been given the green signal by Delhi traffic police, is expected to be implemented from May 20, said a Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson. The construction work is expected to go on for over two years during which time the traffic diversions will be in place. This includes the closed left turn towards LNJP, for which Delhi Metro says it has made provisions. \"The turn will now be from the traffic intersection, which has been relocated, with traffic going towards LNJP taking Asaf Ali Road. Those coming out of the hospital can take Jawaharlal Nehru Marg, which will be kept partially opened,\" said the Delhi Metro official.That's not the only change. Parts of BSZ Marg will also be realigned. This is because the underground Delhi Gate station is located diagonally across the intersection, with parts abutting the Ambedkar stadium. As a result, a part of the carriageway on BSZ Marg will be realigned and moved towards the stadium, making the carriageway curved. The road width will be brought down from the current 11m to only 9m, and another 1m kept for the footpath. The road going towards Rajpath will not be affected much, said DMRC officials. A subway leading to the station will be built across this road while another will be coming up from near Asaf Ali Road. Entries to the Delhi Gate station via subways will be available from both carriageways of BSZ Marg as well.The DMRC spokesperson added, \"The bus queue shelters will be relocated along the stretch. We shall also maintain the roads during the period of construction.\" Traffic signals will be altered during the phase of the traffic diversions, with traffic being maintained by Delhi Metro's traffic marshals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057339", "title": "Kothari, Mehta set up final", "text": "KOLKATA: Sourav Kothari and Aditya Mehta set up a summit showdown at the Kolkata Open snooker tournament at the Hindustan Club, both overcoming uneasy moments in their semifinals on Tuesday. Kothari tamed Manan Chandra of Delhi 5-3 well after Mumbai's Mehta, the recently-crowned Asian champion, had come back from 0-2 down to take care of veteran Alok Kumar, also a former Asian champion.Both matches saw dreadful misses as well as some delightful potting, and they would have nicely whetted the appetite for Wednesday's clash. It's an opportunity for Mehta to set the records straight after his loss to local lad Kothari in a group-league match on Monday.\"I'm making silly mistakes. I haven't been playing well over the past three weeks or so; it's a wonder that I actually won the Asian crown (during this period). I think it's the fatigue,\" Mehta responded when asked about his slow start in the semifinals. \"It was about hanging on, and that's something I've learnt to do. I don't get nervous when chips are down. I've seen so many comebacks that I always feel another is round the corner.\"Wrapping up the third frame with a break of 53, Mehta kept improving with each passing shot, his potting finding both sharp crispiness and nicely-weighted delicate touches. If the fifth frame was about capitalising on an opening to shut his opponent out, the sixth ended with two lovely long pots. The seventh saw Kumar coming back before a cat-and-mouse with the pink and black till the Punjab cueist conceded the opening for Mehta to finish.On the other table, it was a rollercoaster ride. Chandra drew first blood with Kothari catching up in style by clearing the table after trailing by 51. Chandra made it 2-1 before Kothari won the next three to make it 4-2. He could have sealed it in the seventh had he not missed the pink with three or four easy red waiting. The eighth frame proved the most dramatic with even technicalities thrown in for good measure.Getting the cue at 4-29, Kothari was in the midst of a nice break when he couldn't quite get the cue ball where he wanted after potting pink. While Kothari tried to point out there wasn't enough room to get the pink to its original spot because of the white, the referee felt otherwise. It lead to openings for Chandra and he soon cleared the table for a tie at 78-78. Kothari won the tie-breaker and, with it, the match.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13056908", "title": "CPI pulls out of CPM's Onchiyam damage control exercise", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Constituent legislators, including CPI's E K Vijayan and P T A Rahim, LDF-backed MLA from Koduvally, kept away from the LDF team who visited Onchiyam on Tuesday.The CPI continued to distance itself from the incident with Panniyan Raveendran maintaining that \"the party did not want to create further trouble and hence kept away from the LDF delegation\".The LDF team, led by Elamaram Kareem, MLA, meanwhile, took stock of the situation. They didn't visit Chandrasekharan's house \"as RMP had made an open statement that we weren't welcome there\".He told reporters that CPM members and sympathisers suffered loss of property worth more than Rs 2 crore in the wave of violence unleashed against them following Chandrasekharan's murder. tnn | P 5\"Sixty-nine houses, nine bikes, six cars, two autorickshaws and two lorries were damaged,\" Kareem said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058720", "title": "Cricket rules the roost here", "text": "MYSORE: In a country where cricket is arguably considered a religion and Sachin Tendulkar 'the cricket god', the craze for learning the nuances of the game is justifiable. Mysore is no exception. The emergence of the cricket-frenzy generation has led to the mushrooming of summer camps across the city.Children are out on the grounds playing their favourite game. Many prefer to go to coaching camps organized by Mysore Gymkhana, Physical Education department, National Cricket Club, Karavalli Cricket Club and Sriganda Cricketers. This apart, the Karnataka State Cricket Association, Mysore zone, is also conducting free cricket coaching camps (Under-16 and Under-19).With an aim to provide opportunity to all children, Mysore Gymkhana has been organizing annual free coaching camps for the past five years. Every year, the number of participants is growing. Former Indian speedster and KSCA secretary Javagal Srinath was part of this club.Nearly 150 children take part in this season's camp which commenced from April 1. Nearly 10 coaches along with junior cricketers are imparting training to budding cricketers behind the Maharaja Grounds.\"The intention in conducting free camp is to provide opportunity to everyone and also not to give unnecessary burden on parents. There are talented children, but many are not in a position to provide fees or buy equipments needed for playing. At the same time, there are children who discontinue cricket after the completion of the camp,\" T Ravindra of Mysore Gymkhana said.Today, if parents want to send their children for such camps, they need to spend nearly Rs 4,000 which includes camp fee and cricket kits. This is not affordable for the middle class. If the children are not interested to continue the game, the money will go waste. Considering all these facts, we decided to conduct free coaching, Ravindra added.\"Out of 150, 10 to 15 talented children are identified and given free training for one year. Through these camps, we can also pick promising cricketers for club matches,\" Ravindra said.The Department of Physical Education, the University of Mysore, conducts annual summer cricket coaching camp with a fee of Rs 850. \"Every year, the number of participants is increasing. Today's parents are also showing interest to send their children to get trained in sports. Such training will help keep the children fit and if they excel in the game, that is a bonus. Nearly 114 students are taking part in this year's camp,\" chief coach Manzoor Ahmed said. \"Summer camps offer an excellent opportunity for kids to develop a sense of fellow feeling. These camps will help them hone their skills. Cricket has become a common man's game in the country and these days everyone wants to play it,\" said D Nagesh, who wants his 12-year-son MN Yashas to be a cricketer.\"I used to play cricket in school and also near my house. I joined the Mysore Gymkhana Club to fine tune my skills,\" Yashas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062175", "title": "Indians catch on to 'unique fashion'", "text": "All those who surf the Net are attracted to unique fashion says a Yahoo! India survey. Along with her power-packed performances in 'Kahaani' and 'The Dirty Picture', Vidya Balan also sets the charts ringing with her unique fashion sense, say 32% respondents.Despite the recent turbulent times, the 'King of Good Times' prevails in the minds of people, with 19% admiring Dr Vijay Mallya for his distinctive sense of fashion.Who can forget Bappi Lahiri's gold chains and golden outfits? 18% voted for him, followed by Ekta Kapoor (8%), Dr J Jayalalitha (6%), Gul Panag (4%) and Kalki Koechlin (3%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13058106", "title": "Flood victims finally get their houses", "text": "BELGAUM: One hundred and twenty two houses constructed under 'Aasare' scheme at Neginahal village of Bailhongal taluk were distributed to flood victims on Tuesday. Jagadish Metgud, MLA, chairman of Mysore Minerals Limited, distributed the ownership papers to the victims, which were constructed by Karnataka Rural Infrastructure Development Limited at the cost of Rs 163.46 lakh.The houses were completed over six months ago. But, due to unavailability of district minister Umesh Katti, the distribution of these houses was postponed around three times.Katti gave the date for Monday. However, in the nth hour, he cancelled again. The invitations were reprinted setting the date for Tuesday. Despite all the rescheduling, minister Katti skipped the programme on Tuesday too.Basic facilitiesSpeaking on the occasion, Kittur MLA Suresh Marihal said arrangements have been made to provide drinking water for the residents. The road from Neginahal to Kargund was constructed at the cost of Rs 104 lakh and will be tarred shortly, he added.MLA Jagadish Metgud said that many of the beneficiaries were letting out the houses on rent and staying elsewhere.He urged beneficiaries not to rent out their houses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13059813", "title": "Rajya Sabha passes Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill", "text": "NEW DELHI: Giving thumbs up to more stringent penalty for traffic violations, Rajya Sabha on Tuesday passed the Motor Vehicle Amendment Bill. Though few members participated in the debate, all of them pushed the need for higher fine for driving under the influence of alcohol or drugs and using cellphone.There is a provision in the Bill that those causing overloading will also be held responsible along with the driver and the vehicle owner. It says if the documents in possession of the driver or owner establish that \"the offence was committed with the knowledge of or under the orders of the consignor or the common carrier\", then the penalty will be on the consignor. Besides, if the driver or the owner is found to be responsible for overloading, then they will be held responsible as well.The amendments were introduced in the Rajya Sabha five years after the parliamentary standing committee had proposed higher fines. Introducing the bill, highways minister C P Joshi said that a comprehensive amendment bill would be brought before Parliament, without specifying the deadline for it.Once the bill becomes a law after being passed by Lok Sabha, traffic police officers across the country can start issuing challans to violators as per the new provisions. Rules stipulate that Rs 500 fine can be slapped for not wearing seat belt and helmet, or for jumping a red light for the first time. Drunk driving will be graded according to alcohol levels in the blood, and punishment can go up to a two-year jail term and Rs 5,000 fine or both.The fines will multiply if the same offender violates the rules subsequently. Repeat traffic offences will invite stiff fines. Jumping red lights or not using seat belts and helmets will attract a penalty between Rs 500 to Rs 1,500. And, repeated use of cellphone while driving will cost an offender Rs 5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13058134", "title": "Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority cracks whip on illegal layouts", "text": "DHARWAD: As a first step towards dealing with unauthorized structures and layouts, the Hubli-Dharwad Urban Development Authority (HDUDA) officials on Tuesday launched 'Operation Demolition' and razed a commercial complex and a place of worship at Sai Nagar in Kelgeri of Dharwad.Accompanied by revenue and police officials the HDUDA staff launched the operation at 7am and the earth movers demolished a two-storey complex and a Hanuman temple which had come up illegally. The operation took more than four hours to demolish the complex belonging to one Makadwale.The entire area was turned into a fortress by police officials to ensure untoward incidents while demolishing the place of worship.However, the entire 'Operation Demolition' went on smoothly. Large number of people had gathered at the site to see the huge building being razed. Lingaraj Patil told reporters that the entire layout had come up illegally. A person named Makadwale had taken GPA (General Power of Attorney) from the original land owner Ulavappa Betageri and without converting the agriculture land into NA (Non-Agriculture) had allegedly gone ahead with developing the layout.\"Already he has sold the space in the layout to several people and more than seven houses, besides a two-storey complex and a Hanuman temple hasvecome up in the area\" Patil said.He said the houses and the complex had been constructed illegally and violating the HDUDA CDP (Comprehensive Development Plan) guidelines.The structures have encroached the area meant for the proposed 80-feet road which connects to Haliyal road.Notice had been served to the complex owner to demolish the illegal construction voluntarily and when there was no response from the owner the HDUDA had to act tough, Patil added.On the houses that have come up, Patil said they would be removed if found constructed in violation of rules.Patil said, 'Operation Demolition' will continue and he would not budge to pressure from any quarter. Tahsildar Ravindra Karlingannavar stated that the place of worship was constructed illegally violating court orders.The apex court has asked the district administration to demolish all the places of worship if they have been constructed on the road and accordingly, the officials have demolished the temple which had come up on the 80-feet road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058504", "title": "Bike-borne duo snatch 1.50L", "text": "KANPUR: In a loot incident committed in Cooperganj area of the city, two miscreants came on a motorcycle and snatched a bag containing Rs 1.5 lakh from two employees of courier company on Tuesday.According to police, courier a courier employees Rajesh and Pravesh, riding on a two-wheeler, were deprived of cash worth Rs 1.5 lakh soon after they reached Coperganj on Tuesday evening.The two miscreants came on a motorcycle and waylaid the courier employees. Rajesh and Pravesh, natives of Gujarat, had recently joined the courier firm located on Birhana road. The two had gone to hand over the cash to someone in Raipurwa. The incident took place near a police picket and in full public view. They reported the incident to police. Cops arrived at the site and started investigations into the matter.A senior police official said that cops have got certain vital clues and the case will be solved soon.Shot at: A man was shot at and injured allegedly by a youth. The incident took place in Nazirbagh area, under the jurisdiction of Beconganj police, on Tuesday.The victim has been identified as Naim, a resident of Baradevi Juhi. He had come to sort out a dispute involving his relative Abdul Wahid, a cloth merchant and local youth Zafar. Wahid had entered into an altercation with Zafar on Monday night over an issue. The latter had raised objections over parking of vehicles in front of his house by the customers visiting Wahid's cloth shop.On Tuesday Naim came to his relative Wahid's shop to settle the issue but was allegedly shot at by Zafar following a scuffle.Sensing trouble, Naim and Wahid raised an alarm and called others for help. The residents of the area surrounded Zafar and started throwing stones at him and his accomplices. The cops arrested Zafar and his sibling Faisal. The licensed firearm belonging to Zafar was seized.The residents of the area rushed injured Naim to Lala Lajpat Rai Hospital, where his condition is stated to be stable. A case has been registered in this regard and investigations underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058447", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation floats 2-cr tender for Dandi Pul restoration", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Not wasting any time over the debate over ownership, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) has voluntarily stepped forward for restoring and conserving the 'orphaned' Dandi Pul. The AMC issued tenders and called for specialized engineering firms for undertaking the Rs 2.06 crore conservation project on Monday, the day when AMC was to present its stand on Dandi Pul before the Gujarat high court.The AMC will take interested firms to the Dandi Pul on May 14, hold a pre-bid meeting two days later and finally choose a firm on May 21, according to the notice.A six-page report was earlier submitted by Cept University on April 20 to the AMC, estimating the amount of damages and the immediate restoration effort that is required for the bridge. The AMC in a written note has assured the HC that immediate cleaning operations on and underneath the bridge will be carried out. The entrance to the bridge has already been cordoned off.The Cept report squarely blames the slum clusters mushrooming around the bridge as the main cause for the deterioration. It says that the gutter water of Changrabhaga Nala and the large scale encroachment are main hurdles in any restoration work. The residents of nearby clusters defecate under the bridge and some near the entrance.\"What do we do in the absence of a toilet and a drainage line in our area. We are humans too. Our demand for mobile toilets has fallen on deaf ears. Where do our women and children go then,\" says Narendra Prajapati, a resident of Parikshitlal Majmudar slum cluster near Dandi Ashram.The Cept report claims that the steel frame of the Dandi Pul has corroded. Some of the connecting steel parts on both sides of railing are also missing. This apart, the wooden planks supporting the floor are in poor condition.The report has proposed cleaning of the passage under the bridge, and emphasized on building awareness about the bridge in the nearby clusters. The first phase of the two-stage plan includes restoration of Dandi Pul and paving new road sections on it. The second phase includes a comprehensive master plan for the surrounding area of 1.77 hectares. It also includes improving road condition, landscaping the area, necessary tourism infrastructure and connectivity to Sabarmati riverfront and Ashram Road.Cept University has suggested completing restoration work in about 12 months after finalizing the design and tendering process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13060337", "title": "Four arrested for cheating dealers of household goods", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four persons were arrested on Tuesday for cheating distributors of household appliances. Post-dated cheques were issued for Rs 14.75 lakh, which bounced after the products were delivered.The accused have been identified as T Boominathan alias Jayanthangaraj, 33 of Anna Nagar, Chennai, A Jayakanthan alias Saravanan, 45 of Chengalpattu in Kancheepuram district, N Suresh, 35 of Choolai in Chennai and M Antony Paul, 31 of Little Mount in Chennai. The accused Suresh's father retired as an assistant commissioner of police (traffic) in Chennai, 10 years ago.Boominathan, a native of Karungal in Kanyakumari district, had studied up to plus two and was working with a caterer before becoming an insurance agent. He was close to Antony Jenith alias Thiyagarajan, 29, also a native of Karungal, who was working as an executive in a private bank at Chennai. They came to Coimbatore in January 2012 to start a showroom of household appliances. They rented two rooms in a complex on the Nanjundapuram road for the showroom and paid Rs 40,000 as advance.On February 17, the showroom, Hindustan &amp; Co, was launched with a large stock mixer-grinders, cookers, fridges, fans, induction stoves, LCD TVs, washing machines and other items. The duo had paid cheques to which were cleared by banks in due time. That won them the trust of dealers who supplied goods on credit. By now, their friends, Antony Paul, an engineering graduate, and Jayakanthan had joined the business.On April 23, they received appliances worth Rs 14.75 lakh from various dealers. But the very next day, they moved the goods to godowns in Chennai and Dharmapuri and shut shop in Coimbatore. \"We came to know about the cheating when the cheques were not cleared. Our sales officers found that the showroom was closed. Then, we lodged a complaint with the city police,\" said P John Prabhakaran, sales officer in Akshaya Siva Electronics, Gandhipuram. He had supplied household appliances worth of Rs 1.48 lakh. \"We believed their word and supplied products. The cheats should be punished severely,\" said C Gunasekaran, sales officer of Eastern Corporation in Ramanathapuram in the city.City police commissioner A K Viswanathan had received 20 complaints from the victims and formed a special team under assistant commissioner of Police (Central Crime Branch) R Mohan and sub-inspector of police S Chandramohan. The SI and his team traced the four men to Chennai and arrested them. The mastermind of the fraud, Antony Jenith, is absconding. Police believe that he will be arrested in a day.A similar case involving a Madurai gang was reported from the city a few weeks ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13060469", "title": "Boy drowns in Pune Municipal Corporation pool after epilepsy attack", "text": "PUNE: A 17-year-old boy drowned in the Pune Municipal Corporation-run swimming pool at Bopodi on Tuesday afternoon. The Khadki police said the boy, Aakash Chavan, suffered an epileptic attack while swimming.Senior inspector Bhimrao Tele of the Khadki police told TOI that the incident took place around 1 pm when Aakash, who lived at Kamble vasti, was swimming along with his friend, Akshay Thapa.Tele said Aakash's parents told the police that the boy was suffering from epilepsy since the last few years. \"Because of this, his mother would not allow him to go swimming. However, he went to the pool on Tuesday without telling his parents,\" Tele said. Akshay and a lifeguard at the pool pulled Aakash out of the water and took him to a nearby private hospital. However, the doctors there declared him dead on arrival.Aakash's relatives, who had gathered outside the hospital, alleged that the lifeguards at the pool kept an eye only on those learning to swim and not on the others.When contacted, Ramchandra Shinde, deputy commissioner of the land acquisition department of the PMC, which maintains the pool, said the PMC was looking into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "surat", "code": "13059216", "title": "'Education UK' exhibition attracts city students", "text": "SURAT: Around 450 students visited British Council's 'Education UK' exhibition in the city on Tuesday and showed interest in engineering, management, commerce, computers and various other courses being offered by the universities there.\"People of Surat have always been enthusiastic about studying in the UK. We try to provide them maximum information that we can. Students can directly get information from the institute representatives. We don't involve any agency to keep it transparent and hassle free,\" said Rupal Parikh, manager, 'Education UK'.Anjali Maindiratta, South Asia regional director, University of Central Lancashire, said, \"Colleges in the UK offer many modern courses like sports management, motor sports management and shipping management. These courses are high on demand.\"Daniel Rowe, international regional manager, Plymouth University, said, \"Aspiring students should contact university authorities or British Council directly for any doubts. It is better to talk to the institute or council instead of wasting time on gathering information from other sources.\"Rowe said, \"Students should collect basic information of colleges from internet. Each student needs to focus on post course career opportunities, fees, eligibility criteria, specific programme details and course module.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058573", "title": "Sravan Gupta has $1.5million in Swiss bank, says CBI", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Tuesday informed the CBI special court that Emaar-MGF MD Sravan Gupta had US $ 1.5 million in his HSBC bank account in Switzerland . Narasimha Varma, the special counsel for CBI, made these revelations while opposing the anticipatory bail plea of Gupta. According to the CBI counsel, Gupta himself had disclosed this to the income tax department through the voluntary disclosure scheme in November 2011.\"We want to seize this amount because this is Emaar scam money,\" the CBI counsel said. The Enforcement Directorate had seized Rs 8.7 crore from Gupta in New Delhi on December 3, 2009, he said. The ED at that time also seized 3 kg gold and Rs 12 lakh worth of foreign currency from Gupta, the CBI counsel said.Gupta got 10 companies floated in Delhi and Ernakulam and blocked 18 Emaar villa plots at a nominal price of Rs 5,000 per square yard in 2010 though the market price at that time was more than Rs 50,000 per square yard, Varma said. All the directors of these 10 companies are MGF employees and the money for floating them and for buying villa plots was provided by Sravan Gupta. Discovery Estates Pvt Ltd is a firm owned by Gupta and his wife and it was this firm that sent the money to the 10 companies, he said.Brushing aside Gupta's ill health claims as false, the CBI counsel said the Emaar scam accused used the similar pretext in February 2012 for not being able to come to India from the UK.Dil Jit Singh Ahluwalia while refuting the claims of CBI said court could give anticipatory bail to persons against whom a prima facie case was made out. Gupta never handled the day-to-day functioning of MGF and no case was made out against him so far. Ahluwalia said his client was willing to submit to any judicial scrutiny. Special Judge Pattabhi Rama Rao reserved his orders to May 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai/bhubaneswar", "code": "13058888", "title": "Odisha CM in Chennai on May 11, to meet Jayalalithaa", "text": "CHENNAI/BHUBANESWAR: Five days after meeting his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa in New Delhi, Odisha chief minister Naveen Patnaik is scheduled to meet the AIADMK leader again at Chennai on Friday (May 11). \"I am going to Chennai on the occasion of the 'bhoomipuja' of Odisha Bhavan there. Tamil Nadu chief minister will grace the occasion,\" Patnaik told reporters in Bhubaneswar while replying to a question.The meeting between the two leaders assumes significance as both of them were among the non-Congress chief ministers, who had opposed setting up of the National Counter Terrorism Centre, accusing the UPA government of infringing on the rights of states in a federal set-up. The meeting also sparked speculation about their possible role in the ensuing presidential elections.While speculation is rife that Jayalalithaa is being actively wooed by BJP leaders for a common opposition candidate for the presidential polls, the AIADMK supremo on Saturday last asserted that her party had not yet finalized its stand or strategy.There is hectic activity in the UPA camp with Congress seniors holding talks with allies to cobble up support among constituents for a common candidate for the presidential polls. While Union finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's name has been doing the rounds in Congress circles as the UPA's most likely presidential candidate, on Sunday, Union minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanasamy, told reporters in Chennai that a candidate has not been finalized yet.DMK chief M Karunanidhi, however, admitted recently that his party was not averse to backing Mukherjee if he was the UPA's choice. The DMK chief had even reminisced about his long association with Mukherjee to drive home the point that he would back the Congress veteran wholeheartedly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058210", "title": "HC turns down appeal by forgery accused", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur bench of Bombay high court has rejected the criminal application of a citizen accused of forgery. A single-judge bench of Justice Ashok Bhangale upheld the tenth Judicial Magistrate First Class (JMFC) PG Deshmukh's order that also dismissed Inderjeetsingh Chaudhari's case on September 25, 2009. The accused from the city and is being prosecuted by Gittikhadan police.The petitioner had contended that he was falsely implicated and urged the high court that charge of preparing false documents has no substance. He stated that on one of the documents he had put his signature only as a witness, due to which accusations of forgery were levelled against him.Moreover, the power of attorney and agreement to sell of June 21, 2002, which was executed in his favour, was later cancelled on July 29, 2002. Hence, he claimed, no charge remains against him.speakoutnagpur@timesgroup.comRaghvendra Joshi appeared for the applicant-accused while JB Jaiswal represented the government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13058682", "title": "Chennai: Power shutdown on Thursday", "text": "CHENNAI: Power supply will be suspended in the following areas on Thursday between 9am and 5pm for maintenance work.Valluvarkottam: Cathedral Garden Road, GN Chetty Road, GK Puram, Vidyodhaya 1, 2nd cross St, Giri Road, New Giri Road, Habibullah Road, Thirumoorthy Nagar 1 to 6th St, Vaidhayanathan St, Veerabhath St, Pudukula St, Josier St, Nageswara Road, Mahalingapuram &amp; main Road, Pushpa Nagar, Nungambakkam Lake, Valluvarkottam High Road, Tank Bund Road, Kamarajapuram Kakkan Colony, Kamdar Nagar, Thirumalaipillai Road, Kuppusamy St, Sivasailam St, Solaiappan St, Periyar Road, Dharamapuram I-XII St, Balaji avenue 1, 2nd St, Saradhambal St, Thangavel St, Krishnabai St, Bagirathiammal St, Part of Thirumoorthy St, Bharathi Nagar 1-4th st, Part North Usman Road, Ramakrishna Puram, Sarangapani St, Arulambal St, Part of GN Chetty Road, North Boag Road main 1 to 3rd st, Part of VRC Road, Police Qtrs., Sundarrao St, Xaviour St, Egali 1 to 3rd St, Part of Anna Salai &amp; Congress Building, Kodambakkam High Road, Porur Somasundaram St, Padmanaban St, Kannaih St.Mahalingapuram: Tank Bund road, Tank Parallal Road, Sterling Avenue, Part of Sterling road, Pushpa Nagar, Rajaji 1, 2, 3rd st, Pushpa Nagar Main Road, Mahalingapuram Main Road, Lakshmanan St, Nachiappan St, Vaikundhapuram, Sarojini St, Mahalinga chetty St, Saraswathi St, Noor Veera samy St, Vijayalakshmi St, Ramanaickan St, Kumarappa St, Melpandi Muthu St, Jaganathan St, Krishnamachari St.Nungambakkam: Prakasam St, Habibullah Road, Vidyodya St, Model School Road, GA Khan St, Gulam Abbaz Khan St, Greams Road, Anna Salai, Aziz Mulk St, Wallace garden St, Haddows Road, Nungambakkam High Road, Kodambakkam High Road, GN Chetty Road, Lloyds Road, Jaipur Nagar, Conran Smith Road, Catherdal Road.Mathur: Mathur, MMDA, Periya &amp; Chinna Mathur, Azees Nagar, Manjambakkam, Masilamani Nagar, CKM Nagar, MCC Avenue, MRH road Telephone Colony, St.Joseph garden, Perumal Koil St, Aavin Quarters, KKR garden, KKR town, Alex Nagar, Metha Nagar, Natesan Nagar, Thirumurugan Nagar, Leather Estate, Lalitha Garden, Kambar Nagar, Esayaman Nagar, Vadaperumbakkam, Manali, Periya Thoppu, CPCL Nagar, Kamarajar salai, MMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062189", "title": "Didn\u2019t want Sonakshi to expose in my film: Prabhu Deva", "text": "His 2009 flick Wanted starring Salman Khan broke several records at the box office. And now choreographerturned-director Prabhudheva is gearing up for the release of his next directorial Rowdy Rathore with Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha in the lead.According to his own admission, his visits to B-town, that were earlier few and far between, have now become more frequent. Mirror caught up with the man who is being billed as the newest hit maker in Bollywood.We ask whether things have changed for Prabhudheva after the success of Wanted and he says, \"I am happy I have received a very good response. Earlier, people would view me only as a choreographer. They now look up to me as director. There is a marked difference. Earlier, I would come down for just four or five days. I am now having longer meetings and with many more people.\"With so many films on hand, does he plan to shift base to Mumbai? \"I will be available here but there are no plans for shifting as of now. I am going to do a film for Eros and one for Tips,\" he says.We think he may have been instrumental in reviving the action genre in tinsel town, more so with Wanted? Prabhudheva chooses to be modest saying, \"I am a very small part of this revival. Every one out of hundred people are working on this genre. And while it's a good space to be, other genres like love, romance, comedy etc. are also good.\"Nudged whether any allowances were made for Sonakshi Sinha, who apparently had a lot of reservations with exposure during the making of Rowdy Rathore, Prabhudheva is quick to reply, \"Not at all. When you see the film, you will realise. In fact, we too were very happy because even we didn't want to expose. Both she and Akshay Kumar were tailor-made for the role.\"So what made him turn to direction with such a successful stint as choreographer to his credit? \"I love to do creative work and there is more creativity involved in being a director,\" he says. But will he continue as choreographer after belting out hit action flicks? \"I will do both depending on the availability of dates and comfort levels,\" he replies.Quizzed about his experience of working with Sanjay Leela Bhansali, he says, \"His biggest input is the title Rowdy that he has given. Otherwise he never interfered. He only came for the mahurat for half an hour. As a producer, he is superb.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062898", "title": "Anjali to shed weight for Murugadoss's film", "text": "Settai is the remake venture of Bollywood movie Delhi Belly that casts Arya, Anushka, Anjali, Santhanm, Nasser and Premgi Amaran in the leads. Anjali, who has put on some weight for her latest film Kalakalappu with Sundar C, is hitting gym to shed some load.Anjali has become busy signing many projects in Tamil as well Telugu after her beautiful performance in Angaadi Theru. Lately the actress has gained many fans with her act in Engeyum Eppothum pairing opposite Jai. Anjali is attending fitness sessions for her future project with director AR Murugadoss in which she will be playing the role of a college girl. The actress is presently shooting with Arya for Settai.UTV Motion Pictures producing Settai is taking fast shape in the hands of director Kannan and the first schedule is planned at Binny Mills for about 24 days that has started rolling on May 7th. SS Thaman will be composing the music tunes and background for Settai.Source: Way2movies.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058675", "title": "Extortion case: prisoner transit warrant against Bhanu", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Cyberabad police have secured a prisoner transit (PT) warrant from a local court to arrest Bhanu in an extortion case booked at the Kukatpally police station in 2010.A few days after CID arrested the gangster, the Kukatpally police filed a PT warrant in court in relation to an extortion case booked against Bhanu and six others by a doctor in 2010.The court granted them the warrant on Friday. \"We will execute the warrant soon and arrest him in the extortion case. Later, a separate petition will be filed asking for his police custody,\" Kukatpally inspector K Srinivasa Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13057688", "title": "Bowlers will soon get protection against switch hit: Shaun Pollock", "text": "MUMBAI: Although legendary South African all-rounder Shaun Pollock retired from the game a good four years ago, it's clear that his heart still bleeds for the bowlers. Hence it is no surprise that the Team Mumbai mentor does not like what his tribe is going through in the IPL: quality bowlers like Dale Steyn and Ben Hilfenhaus being reverse scooped four fours and sixes.Pollock, a master of bowling in field restrictions and in the death, reckons bowlers will soon start getting protection from the lawmakers against batsmen who suddenly metamorphose from right-handed to left or vice-versa. After all, bowlers do have to inform the umpires about whether they are bowling right-arm-over or round or left-arm-over or round and it is only fair that the bowlers don't have to suddenly adjust to a left-hander as the field they have set is for a right-handed batsman.\"It's seriously getting difficult. They bring fine leg up and the batsman scoops it over fine leg. You bring third man up and they reverse scoop it over third man. The bowlers constantly have to think on their feet and try and read what the batsmen are trying to do and if a batsman tries to adjust early to play a certain shot, you try and bowl certain deliveries to combat that. But it has become difficult with switch hit and everything that goes on with it. As a bowler you just have to take it on the chin and try to bowl the next delivery,\" Pollock said.\"Whatever you try and bowl, make sure you give it a 100 per cent and if it doesn't come off, that's the nature of t20 cricket,\" he added.Pollock, like many others is not questioning the legality of the switch hit, but is asking more protection against it at least from the umpires, who aren't averse to calling anything that's away from the strike zone of the batsman, as a wide. How about batsmen informing the bowler and umpire beforehand as to whether he is going to face left-handed or right? \"That's good for debate,\" reckons Pollock.\"When you set a field for a left-hander or right, you can only put five fielders on the leg side. When a batsman turns around, you have only three or four fielders on the other side. No laws have been changed yet, but I won't be surprised by next year or so, if there's not something that goes in the bowlers favour like if a batsman switches, a wide can't be called.\"The legendary South African though is happy that bowlers have evolved ever since the T20 revolution has kicked off. \"Bowlers have picked up new skills and have understood what's required of them and have picked up slower balls. The main thing is they seem to have understood what delivery to bowl at what time and how you can be protective. They have progressed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13057466", "title": "Salt Lake Rabindra Bhavan plot ready", "text": "KOLKATA: Salt Lake will get its own Rabindra Bhavan very soon. Bidhannagar Municipality will start building the structure this year on a 36-cottah plot cleared by the state government. The building, to be located at Salt Lake's FE Block adjoining Central Park, will be the municipality's tribute to Rabindranath Tagore on his 150th birth anniversary.Bidhannagar Municipality chairperson Krishna Chakraborty said the plot has been finalized and the civic authorities will start work very soon. \"We will kick off the project very soon,\" she said. The municipality plans to foot the estimated Rs 10 lakh project cost from the revenue it earned from the Bidhannagar Fair it organized at Salt Lake's Central Park last winter.The building will be either a three- or four-storied structure with a statue of Tagore in front. Besides an auditorium for cultural programmes, it will have an exhibition room, art galleries and a library to showcase and display the works of the bard. The Bhavan will also have rooms for use by students and scholars researching Tagore, along with a cafeteria. The civic body will appoint architects to prepare a building plan.The project had been on the anvil for quite some time. Residents of Salt Lake had, for long, been demanding a centre on Rabindranath Tagore to facilitate research on the bard. Residents had also suggested that the centre have a stage for performing Tagore's plays and musical repertoires.Following the demand, the previous Left-run municipality had come up with a plan to set up a Rabindra Bhavan and had asked the urban development department for a plot. The civic authorities had got a triangular plot, but the then civic engineers had said that it was not suitable for construction of the Bhavan. The project got delayed after civic authorities requested the government to earmark another plot.It was only after Trinamool Congress took over the reins of Bidhannagar Municipality and Mamata Banerjee came to power that an initiative was taken to revive the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delh", "code": "13061799", "title": "Indiscipline won't be tolerated in party: Sonia Gandhi", "text": "NEW DELH: Asking partymen to draw lessons from the previous polls, Congress president Sonia Gandhi today said that leaders must shed factional behaviour and fight as one disciplined team as the party braces to face a series of state elections in the coming months.\"We must all shed all manner of factional behaviour, and fight as one disciplined team at all levels. That will be the single-most important factor to decide whether we win or lose.\"People look to us-- but we need to show them our commitment and our unity if we are to convert this sentiment into electoral victories,\" Gandhi said addressing a meeting of the Congress Parliamentary Party here, which was also attended by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh .Commenting on the elections results in the five states including Uttar Pradesh, where the party could not perform as expected, Gandhi said, \"While we can take satisfaction in the fact that we returned to power in Manipur for the third time and formed the government in Uttarakhand, the results in Punjab and Goa are very disappointing.\"In Uttar Pradesh, even though we did not perform as well as we had hoped to, we increased our vote share quite considerably and were seen as a serious player for the first time in 22 years. Of course there is much work to be done there as in other states.\"The CPP meeting has come a few days after a high-power committee of the party led A K Antony that reviewed the party's performance in the five states, submitted its report to Gandhi.She said with a series of state elections approaching in the coming months, the partymen \"must draw upon lessons of the previous polls.\"Gandhi also asked partymen to project the works of the party led government at the Centre and \"expose the hollow claims of opposition-rule state governments\", adding that \"mis-governance and corruption have been widespread in some of these states as revealed by CAG and Lokayukta reports\".Gandhi said that it is particularly for the party at the state level to highlight the failures of the opposition- ruled governments.In the backdrop of the stand off between the states and the Centre over NCTC with UPA ally Mamata Banerjee leading the charge against the government, Gandhi said, \"Trust and cooperation must be the anchor Centre-state relations\".She noted that there has been a lot of discussion in recent months on Centre-state relations.\"I would like to reiterate here we are fully committed to strengthening federalism, which is a key tenet of our party's and UPA's agenda. What better evidence of this can there be than the unprecedented transfers of financial assistance from the Centre to the states these past eight years,\" Gandhi said.She said that there are Centre-state issues of major national importance--such as fighting terrorism or dealing with left-wing extremism--where the \"Centre cannot shirk its responsibilty\".\"In such cases, it has been our government's endeavour to work closely with the state governments so that our national interest is protected,\" Gandhi said.Referring to the bills on food security and land acquisition, which are yet to see the light of the day, Gandhi said, \"On our part, we must do all we can to ensure that the legislative process is not unduly delayed.\"While food security is the pet project of Sonia Gandhi led-National Advisory Council, Rahul Gandhi has been leading from the front for a new land bill.The Congress president noted, \"We are awaiting the standing committee reports on a number of important legislations including those on food security and land acquisition, resettlement and rehabilitation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058410", "title": "No more delay in crop yield forecast after RISAT-1 launch", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Delay in forecasting of crop yield and acreage in the country can be avoided after the recent launch of Radar Imaging Satellite 1 (RISAT-1) by Indian Space Research Organisation (ISRO). The satellite for which the main payload was designed by ISRO's Space Applications Centre (SAC) in Ahmedabad was set in its final polar orbit on April 27. The satellite began taking images of the earth's surface from May 1.An early estimation of the agricultural output for the year, before the arrival of the harvest season, helps the country in better planning and management of its economy. Earlier, these forecasting were done by analyzing data purchased from American satellites. However, due to the long procedure involved in the purchase, procuring such data would get delayed which further led to a delay in forecasting.\"Such data were purchased at various intervals of time.The cost of purchasing such data amounted to around Rs 2 to 2.5 crore, a year. Other than the high cost, the other issue was also the delay in getting the data. A long process is involved in purchasing the data as it need clearance at various levels. Such a delay can be avoided now and we will be able to forecast well in advance,\" said SAC director A S Kiran Kumar.The country's first of its kind satellite which uses microwaves will be able to capture earth images in any type of weather. As these microwaves can penetrate clouds, images of the earth could also be captured during the monsoon seasons as well.Kumar also said that, because of the high cost, such data could not be very frequency. \"With a satellite of our own we will be able to freely get the data as and when required. The satellite can cover the entire country in 25 days.\"The satellite will also help scientists to calculate the areas affected during flood, surface change during earthquakes, tracking cyclones, glacier studies, estimating soil moistures of various places and so on.\"The analysis and estimation of these data used to be done by scientists at SAC. We have now trained various departments for the same purpose. For example, forecasting for fishing will be done by Indian National Centre for Ocean Information Services (INCOIS) in Hyderabad. The analysis for acreage and crop yield forecasting will be done by departments related to agriculture,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13058467", "title": "Five-year-old girl molested by neighbour in Vejalpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 29-year-old man was caught by Vejalpur police on Tuesday for molesting a five-year-old girl. Police have booked him for unnatural sex and have started investigation.Vejalpur police said that Samina (name changed) a resident of Sanklitnagar, was playing outside her house at 11 am on Monday when she was called by Ghulam Dastgir Ibrahim, 29, her neighbour. Ibrahim gave her some money and asked her to get him a pack of tobacco from a nearby paan shop.\"When she came back, Ibrahim took her in to his house and locked the door. He then forced her into unnatural sex. He let her go after a while and threatened her not to tell about the incident to anybody. The girl, however, went home and started crying after which her elder sister talked her into revealing the incident. She then told her mother,\" said a Vejalpur police official.The mother, in turn, informed Samina's father when he came back at 10 pm. Enraged, he went to Ibrahim's residence but could not find him. The angry residents vandalized his place and then approached the Vejalpur police. The cops Police initiated the search and caught him on Tuesday. Samina was sent for medical examination. \"While Samina is daughter of a car driver, Ibrahim is a vegetable vendor. During his questioning, he said that he has a wife and child but she deserted him after constant quarreling. He was living alone for past three months,\" said the official.It is the second incident in past fortnight when a minor was targeted by a neighbour in Vejalpur. Earlier, an eight-year-old girl was kidnapped from her school for rape attempt by a neighbour but the youth was spotted by locals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13058905", "title": "UT to launch high security registration plates", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Following the selection of vendor and simultaneously its approval from the Centre, UT administration is going to launch high security registration plates (HSRP) in two weeks. All formalities have been completed and authorities just want to know from vendor that how will he initiate the system.\"We have completed all procedures and formalities to launch HSRP and are deliberating on how things will begin. Hopefully, things will be available for public in less than two weeks,\" said Kavle V Parasuram, in chare of Registration and Licensing Authority.UT administration had started system on its own in August last year, but Supreme Court had found a fault with scheme. The SC directed the Chandigarh administration to invite tenders for affixing HSRP in compliance with its order and finalize the entire procedure of affixing the plates on the vehicles afresh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13059840", "title": "\u2018I-T, SBI men in tax refund scam\u2019", "text": "THANE: The Thane police, struggling to crack down on the tax refund scam that has taken the income tax department for a ride and defrauded the central exchequer of around Rs 3 crore, has concluded that the scam involved high-ranking officials from the I-T department and the State Bank of India . Thane police chief KP Raghuvanshi has asked the state police chief to hand over probe to the CBI.The fraud-involving two I-T offices in Thane and Kalyan-was planned by those familiar with the I-T office functioning.For over two years, 2007-2008 and 2008-2009, the I-T officials disbursed tax refund cheques drawn from the SBI and credited into the account of fictitious assessees in a credit society in Dombivli.As many as 331 such tax refund cheques, some exceeding Rs 1 lakh, were subsequently routed to the Dombivli Nagri Cooperative Bank and funds withdrawn.\"The plot went unnoticed for close to two years. But an audit query within the I-T department exposed the scam. An I-T official went to the Naupada police station to report it. However, when the police officer said that the scam involved an insider and the probe would lead to the arrest of I-T officials, the complainant left the police station without registering any offence. After a gap of nine months, the department realized the seriousness of the scam and filed an FIR,'' a police official tsaid .Investigation led to the arrest of five persons, all of whom belonged to the credit society, but the real culprits remained elusive.\"The I-T refunds are account payee cheques, which can't ne transferred. Despite this, all 331 refund orders were credited to the third party account of a credit society,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "candolim", "code": "13058765", "title": "Guide held for cheating Aurangabad tourists", "text": "CANDOLIM: The Calangute police arrested a tourist guide, Samir Sheikh from Ramnagar-Betim, on Monday. He was charged of cheating a group of nine tourists from Aurangabad. According to the Calangute police, in May, Samir Sheikh approached the group of tourists who had just arrived in Panaji from Aurangabad and offered his services as a tourist guide.Hiring him, the tourists were taken to various places in Baga, Anjuna and Sinquerim. On the second day, he suggested that the tourists go for a visit to a night club in Calangute and gave them two passes for five and four persons respectively at 1,000 per person. After that he excused himself on the pretext of receiving a call from his mother.When the tourists went to the nightclub, they found it closed. After attempts to contact the guide failed, they filed a complaint with the Calangute police who immediately identified the guide and arrested him. He has been charged under Section 420 IPC. The pub in question is the same one which was raided by former DGP Aditya Arya. Following the raid last year, the pub had ceased operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13058258", "title": "Cricketing brain drain continues to hurt Vidarbha", "text": "NAGPUR: In normal circumstances, everyone would have applauded Aniruddha Chore's decision to join the Indian Air Force. After all, it's an honour to serve the nation. However, those who are aware of his talent and understand the game are not happy with the Vidarbha wicketkeeper's decision to join Services. The decision to move has put an end to his Vidarbha career as Services has its own team in Ranji Trophy.Experts have always praised his talent, his work ethics and most importantly his ability to handle the pressure. The 20-year-old had shown the maturity beyond his age. Chore has always relished the challenges and, along with Apoorva Wankhede, was touted to be the next best find after Umesh Yadav.Chore's decision is a bolt from the blue for Vidarbha but not a situation that they find themselves in for the first time. Over the years, they have seen their players migrating to Railways for a 'secure' future. Though there's nothing wrong in it, this has put a check on Vidarbha's progress.Before Chore, P Vivek, Praveen Londhase, Baburao Yadav, Chandrashekhar Atram, Rahul Jadhav, Shailesh Harbade, Vikrant Deshpande, Vikrant Gonnade, Faiz Fazal, Madhusudan Acharya, Sanjog Binkar, Vikas Yadav, Amit Paunikar and Sushil Ghewande have sought job security by leaving Vidarbha. Faiz and Vikrant are the only ones who quit their jobs to return to Vidarbha.Most of them were key players of Vidarbha when they joined Railways. While Vivek and Faiz were leading the side, Atram, Acharya, Yadav and Paunikar were the regulars. Barring Fazal, no player played for Railways. Paunikar was the other one who has been part of Railways in shorter versions, while Yadav and Atram were in the squad but couldn't get the opportunity in the playing XI. Many of them aren't even part of the Division squad that plays in inter-railways (Railways selections trials tournament).\"I feel sorry for the association. VCA has one of the best infrastructures in the country. It has invested in players; given them every facility; the exposure whenever they needed and when they start performing, they decide to leave,\" said former Vidarbha coach Sulakshan Kulkarni, who played a major role shaping Chore's career, told TOI on Tuesday.Kulkarni felt that Chore had a bright prospect with Vidarbha. \"I hope he does well in the Services set up,\" he added.\"At 20, you just need to concentrate on your cricket. If you play well, everything will fall in place. Rahul Dravid only concentrated on graduating himself at first class level when he was 18. He went on to play for the country for 15 years. Youngsters like Rohit Sharma, Ajinkya Rahane, Cheteshwar Pujara too followed in his footsteps. It's like concentrate on your studies and if you do well, you will automatically get placed in a good job. Had they thought about the job first, they would not have played for the country,\" he said.Kulkarni said he would have understood Chore's decision to move had he not been getting any opportunities. \"But Chore has always been the first-choice wicketkeeper,\" he said.As is wont, VCA officials were loathe to say anything on record. However, a top official told TOI that they were \"unhappy over Chore's decision, more so, because he did not consult any of us\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13057807", "title": "Aide held for extortion bid", "text": "NASHIK: The city police have arrested one person for making threatening calls to a builder and demanding Rs 5 crore.While the main accused is still at large, the police have arrested Durgesh Nivrutti Jadhav (25), an aide of the extortionist. Police said the kingpin would soon be arrested. Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said a city builder, Naresh Karda of Karda Construction, had been receiving extortion calls.Acting on the information provided by the builder, DCP D S Swami, senior PI of Bhadrakali police station Bajirao Bhosale, PI Maula Sayyad and others swung into action to trace the culprits making the calls. After various attempts, the police finally nabbed Durgesh from the Cidco area on Monday evening.The CP said it was too early to comment if the calls were from Nashik or some other place and that his department would be checking if Jadhav had any criminal record. The top cop also did not mention whether any gangster was involved in the case, saying that Jadhav had just been arrested and that things would be revealed during his interrogation in police custody.The extortion bid has left the builders' fraternity in Nashik shaken. Many builders said that this was the first time that they were hearing of such a case in Nashik city. \"While Mumbai is quite notorious for such things, we have not heard of such things even in Pune, forget about Nashik,\" said one builder on condition of anonymity. Some others though said that such things may be prevalent in Nashik to some extent but the builders may be reluctant to come forward and approach the police in this regard. Only the people who go through such a situation would know the gravity of the situation. The builders also said the action of the police is commendable.President of the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association of India (CREDAI), Nashik, Kiran Chavan, while stressing that Karda's case could be a stray incident, lauded the action initiated by the commissioner of police and his team in the matter to ensure that they get to the root of the problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13058827", "title": "Parents, teachers divided over corporal punishment", "text": "MYSORE: The move to implement the Right To Education (RTE) Act, which has become a bone of contention between the government and many private school authorities, brought to the fore the differences of opinion among teachers and parents about corporal punishment.Like many other provisions in the RTE, ban on corporal punishment has invoked mixed response among education experts and teachers in the city. Rotary West School principal Shanta Naidu told TOI that no teacher will have the intention of harming any children. \"But to rectify mistakes, they may scold or hit students without harming them physically or mentally. With the over exposure to television and computers, indiscipline has reached its peak among today's generation. If a child is listening to music on an mp3 player in classroom, teacher must have to scold him/her. Terming these kinds of moral things as punishment is not justifiable,\" she said.Teachers are restricted from even scolding for slow learning. How a teacher can teach some undisciplined children without scolding, Shanta Naidu asked.According to N Hairsh, a teacher, though there were some incidents of teachers hurting children, generalization of teachers' behaviour is unwarranted. \"Teachers are also human beings and they only scold children to bring them to the right path and to make them good citizens,\" he said.K Usha, mother of school student, says no one has the right to beat children. \"Every student cannot perform well in academics, but teachers should not beat a child for anything related to academics. If a child commits any wrong, teachers have the right to scold,\" said Usha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13057200", "title": "Supreme Court red flags move to translocate African cheetah in India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Tuesday dealt a blow to the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) by staying its ambitious Rs 300 crore cheetah reintroduction project proposing translocation of the exotic African species from Namibia to Palpur-Kuno Sanctuary in Madhya Pradesh.The stay order came from a bench of Justices KS Radhakrishnan and CK Prasad on an application moved by amicus curiae senior advocate P S Narasimha and advocate P Parameshwar, who alleged that the project did not have clearance from National Board for Wildlife (NBWL) and was in the teeth of wild species relocation guidelines by the International Union for the Conservation of Nature and Natural Resources (IUCN).Quoting NBW standing committee member Prerna Bindra, Narasimha said, \"She has pointed out that Rs 300 crore have been allocated for the cheetah project, and the cost of each cheetah is going to be Rs 2 crore, when the total budget for Project Tiger is only Rs 80 crore for 600 national parks and sanctuaries.\"The bench issued notice to the MoEF on the application seeking a direction to the government \"to produce before the apex court all relevant records and decisions relating to introduction of cheetahs, including NBWL deliberations.\"During the arguments in the ongoing debate over NBWL's decision approving relocation of surplus lions in Gir National Park in Gujarat to Palpur Kuno, the court was told that MoEF has taken a decision to introduce African cheetahs from Namibia into the same proposed habitat chosen for re-introduction of lions from Gir.Narasimha said, \"The decision to introduce African cheetahs to the same habitat chosen for lions has not been either placed before the standing committee of the NBWL, nor has been a considered decision taken in this regard. Only feasibility studies have been undertaken, no deliberations conducted, and no decision taken by the Board or its standing committee is available on the public domain.\"Terming the project misconceived and in breach of IUCN guidelines, the amicus said, \"The guidelines categorically warn against introduction of alien or exotic species. The African cheetah obviously never existed in India. Therefore, it is not a case of intentional movement of an organism into a part of its native range.\"The amicus also drew court's attention to the National Wildlife Action Plan (2002-16), which specifically mentioned reintroduction or finding an alternative home for many species such as Indian rhinoceros, Asiatic Wild Buffalo, Great Indian Bustard, Sangai or Brow Antlered deer of Manipur, Bengal Florical but was completely silent on reintroduction or introduction of cheetah from Africa to India.At a time when other countries were spending huge amounts to completely eliminate foreign species introduced in their habitat, it was questionable why India took a decision to introduce alien exotic species into its biosphere, a proposition shunned by wildlife experts across the world, Narasimha said.He also said that cheetah was a fragile animal requir-ing a huge home range which was not there at Palpur-Kuno or for that matter anywhere in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13059728", "title": "No negotiations with Qaida to free American: US government", "text": "The White House has out rightly refused to negotiate with al-Qaida for the release of its citizen, who was kidnapped by the terrorist outfit in Pakistan last year. In a video message, 70-year-old aid expert Warren Weinstein had urged President Barack Obama to save his life. \"We remain greatly concerned for Weinstein's safety and his well-being ,\" White House press secretary Jay Carney said, \"We condemn his kidnapping.The US government will continue making every effort to see Weinstein released safely, but we cannot and will not negotiate with al-Qaida .\" Meanwhile, the state department too refused to make concessions to terrorists. \"As you know, we don't make concessions to terrorists,\" state department spokesman, Mark Toner, said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058734", "title": "Goa University: Animal dissections to be phased out", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa University has decided to form a standing committee to deliberate on phasing out animal dissections in state institutions.This follows the Union ministry of environment and forests' ban on the use of live animals for dissections and experiments in educational and research institutions.State varsity registrar Vijayendra Kamat said, \"An official standing academic committee will be formed to discuss the issue of phasing out animal dissections (in institutions). The committee meeting will be held either this month or in June, and based on the decision taken, circulars will be issued to colleges offering zoology and other life science courses.\"Pointing out that MoEF's directions are binding on universities and institutions across the country, Kamat added, \"Once the rules are enforced, they will have to be followed by all institutions.\"MoEF has taken initiatives to introduce multimedia, computer-based humane alternatives, which will soon be incorporated in curriculums across India. Through these, an interactive virtual environment will be created to simulate several common tasks performed during dissections. Animal mannequins will also be used.MoEF issued guidelines-based on the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act (1960)-to the University Grants Commission, ministry of health and family welfare, Pharmacy Council of India and Medical Council of India, to discontinue dissections and experiments with live animals in universities, colleges, research institutes, hospitals and laboratories.It offered alternatives like computer simulations and mannequins. It further suggested that animals protected under the Wildlife Protection Act 1972- particularly frogs and fish- should not be experimented on as they are caught in the wild and their indiscriminate removal from natural habitats disrupts the biodiversity and ecological balance.College heads in Goa are awaiting GU instructions for the upcoming academic year, 2012-2013. Sources said that in Goa, mice are bred for experiments while frogs are caught. \"Once the rule is laid down it must be followed,\" said Gopal Krishna Rao, principal, Goa Pharmacy College, Panaji. The institute's curriculum requires animal experiments.The MoEF directions, incidentally, are a reinforcement of the UGC's guidelines of December 25, 2011. Students at the undergraduate level cannot use animals during experiments and class work.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13062196", "title": "Richa Gangopadhyay says no to Silk Smitha", "text": "Richa Gangopadhya is not ready to take the role of Silk Smitha in Malyalam film 'Profile'.She told that nobody has discussed about the role of Smitha.\"I like those bold characters. But I have no confidence to act and reflect the gene of those character.\" Now, Richa is busy with the shooting schedule of Bengali Film 'Bikram Simha'. Richa's last year released films 'Osthae' and 'Mayakkam Enna' were box office hits.Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13058383", "title": "Chennai Express mows down three", "text": "HYDERABAD: Three persons, including a four-year-old boy, were mowed down by the Chennai Express at the Umdanagar railway station on Tuesday.The victims were identified as B Srikala, 45, her grandson Aravind, 4, and neighbour Narasamma, 40, of Udamgadda near Mailardevpally.The trio and Srikala's daughter-in-law Pallavi had come to Shamshabad in the morning to visit their relatives in a hospital. After the visit, the family arrived at the Umdanagar railway station to catch a return train.As there was still some time left for the arrival of their train, they decided to purchase vegetables from shops on the other side of the railway station.However, instead of getting onto the foot over bridge, they decided to cross the railway tracks and reach the other side.\"As they were about to climb on to platform number 2, the Chennai Express coming from Kacheguda hit the three and they died on the spot,\" a Government Railway Police (GRP) officer said.Pallavi, who was standing on platform number 1, witnessed the entire episode.Based on her complaint, police booked a case under section 174 (Suspicious death) of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC) and shifted the bodies to Gandhi Hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13058292", "title": "Kolam tribals walk 55km to get back their homes", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials were in a fix on Tuesday after around 70 Kolam tribals, mostly women and children, stormed into chief conservator of forest's (CCF) office and sat at the gate seeking shelter and food. These tribals walked a distance of 55km in two days to reach Chandrapur seeking justice for destruction of their houses back in their villages.Forest officials of Central Chanda subdivision destroyed 30 houses of Kolam tribals in Piparguda and Kolamguda villages on Maharashtra-Andhra Pradesh border in Rajura tehsil on Sunday. It is being alleged that they have encroached forest land in compartment No. 126 of Vihirgaon range coming under Central Chanda forest subdivision.Earlier these tribals lived at Dongargaon irrigation project site. As their lands were taken for the reservoir, they were removed. As their settlement was on encroached land no compensation was paid to them. The Kolams then moved to forest land near Kostala village on the state border. But, this time forest department razed their houses.A total of 19 families from Piparguda and 11 families from Kolamguda were left shelterless after demolition drive carried out jointly by forest and police department. Social organization Shramik Elgar took up the issue and began a long march to Chandrapur. Forest officials however, had deployed huge police posse equipped with riot control squad at CCF office to thwart any untoward situation.After the protesters reached CCF office, they tried to barge into the premises but cops thwarted their efforts. The tribal women who had toddlers were forced to sit outside the gate. Protesters led by Shramik Elgar's president Paromita Goswami demanded immediate meeting with CCF BSK Reddy, but he took over an hour to step out and talk to the tribals.Reddy held talks with Goswami across the locked iron gate. Goswami apprised him of their woes and demanded tribals' land back with compensation against the damage. \"Forest officers have committed most inhuman act by razing the houses of destitute tribals and leaving them shelterless in blazing summer heat. They have been living for more than 10 years on the same place and the law entitles them to have right over encroached land. Such blatant use of power and senseless atrocities on tribals has fed Naxalism in the area ,\" she charged.Tribals held said that they would not budge from CCF office gate at any cost. \"Our homes have been destroyed. We have no bread to eat and no other place to go. We will stay here at forest office and now it is responsibility of forest department to arrange for our food and shelter,\" said tribal women.Forest officers offered no help to resolve the problem even as social workers show them voter identity cards proving their residence in area for more than 10 years and collector's orders entitling some of the tribals of the land under Forest Right Act.Speaking to TOI, Reddy said, \"Tribals have claimed that their settlement on encroached forest land is more than 10 years old, however our records show otherwise. Their claims will be verified and decision will be taken as per the law.\"It was a pity scene at forest office as over two dozen women, accompanied by equal number of children and handful of tribal men sat exhausted and dehydrated throughout the day. Around a dozen of women among them were breast feeding mothers and they sat in blazing sun with their wailing kids. Forest officers themselves provided masala bhat as lunch to the poor tribals, while ZP president Santosh Kumre had arranged for their dinner. Police officers arranged for water and anti-dehydration drinks for tribal children. The tribals intended to stay put in front of CCF office in the night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13058909", "title": "Killer car orphans kids", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In yet another hit-and-run case, a couple was killed and their nine-year old daughter injured when a speeding unidentified car rammed into their two-wheeler in Sector 40 on Sunday night. The deceased have been identified as Ashok Kumar , 40, and his wife, Santosh Devi, 35. The incident took place at around 9.45pm. While Ashok was declared brought dead at PGI, Santoshsuccumbed to her injuries on Monday. Their daughter, Muskan, who was hurt in the accident has been discharged from Government Multi-speciality Hospital, Sector 16. The couple leaves behind Muskan and a son, Munish, 12.The incident took place when they were returning after supplying tiffins to some paying guests in Sector 40. Police said the incident came to light when a passer-by informed the police control room,. Ashwani Kumar, elder brother of Ashok said, \"Ashok was a scooter mechanic and were living in a rented accommodation in Sector 40.\"Sources said the broken parts of car, which were recovered from the spot, indicated that the four-wheeler was a Swift. Inspector Charanjeet Singh, SHO of the police station in Sector 39, said efforts are being made to trace the car and also locate some of the witnesses. Sources claimed a car bearing a Punjab registration number that was roaming around in the area could have been involved in the accident.The bodies were handed over to their family after postmortem in PGI on Monday. A case was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13060310", "title": "City to have 2 more power divisions", "text": "LUCKNOW: The state capital will soon have two more divisions to ensure a proper power supply. So far, there are 18 such divisions from where power distribution is made. Now, the city will have two more divisions after dividing Gomtinagar and Kanpur Road divisions.The Gomtinagar extension-Chinhat area will have a separate division, after getting separated from Gomtinagar division, which is heavily over loaded. Likewise, the Kanpur road division will be broken into two parts.The decision was taken at a review meeting of UP Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL) held at Shakti Bhawan on Tuesday. UPPCL chairman Avanish Awasthi said that the Madhyanchal distribution company has been asked to come up with the proposal. Likewise, the Lucknow circle will have an added division. Lucknow happens to be one of the important cities which the UPPCL has proposed to take up under the accelerated power distribution reform programme of the central government.Awasthi stressed on decreasing the line losses as well as on increasing the revenue recovery. The chairman also took into consideration the complaints that are registered with the call centre established at the UPPCL headquarters. The centre received around 90,000 complaints, of which 88,000 were addressed.Likewise, over two lakh consumers erring on payment of Rs 1 lakh, had their power disconnected for the non-payment of dues. Awasthi said that these consumers will be served a registration challan and recovery of dues be made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058449", "title": "Red Cross urged to train cops in first-aid", "text": "KANPUR: The Red Cross Society may agree to give first-aid training to the city cops to make them fit for dealing with casualties. Also, if all goes well, the elderly residents of the city could soon enroll at a day care centre to be set up by district health department and Red Cross Society.These announcements were made by divisional commissioner Mukul Singhal while addressing the members of Red Cross Society, district administration and health department on 'World Red Cross Day' on Tuesday. World Red Cross Day is celebrated every year on May 8 in order to emphasize the role of its members and volunteers in saving lives and aiding the vulnerable communities around the world.The divisional commissioner urged the members of Red Cross Society to give special first-aid training to city cops as they are the first one who reach the spot of casualties. If the cops are aware of what, when and how to handle the accident cases, several lives could be saved. The people should also come forward for voluntary blood donation in order to enhance the medical facilities in the region, he added.Dr Ramayan Prasad Yadav, chief medical officer, expressed the state's intention to establish special day care centres for the elderly people in collaboration with Red Cross Society. \"We are trying to establish day care centres for the elderly people in the city near district collectorate and several other areas of the city, where old people can engage in various activities,\" Dr Yadav said.The CMO added that a request for establishing Red Cross Blood Bank in the city has also being made to the state health authorities as well as to the President of India. If this blood bank is established, the demand for blood in the region could be met in a better way, as there is no Red Cross blood bank in UP, he said.\"World Red Cross Day is very significant for the Red Cross because it is also celebrated as the birthday of its founder, Henri Dunant. America celebrates World Red Cross Day to emphasise the hard work that all National Red Cross and Red Crescent Societies dedicate worldwide for the relief of human distress and misery occurring due to disease, famine, disaster or war,\" said R K Suffard, secretary, Red Cross Society.Suffard added that there is a selection of theme every year on the World Red Cross Day to emphasise the goal of the celebration. The global theme of this year is 'Together for Humanity'. Hence, as many as 15 resident of the city were recognised for their outstanding work for human development. The awards were presented by the district magistrate and divisional commissioner.Dr Sunil Taneja was awarded for his outstanding work for haemophilia patients. Raghav Gupta, recent IAS qualifier, was awarded for his cooperation at voluntary blood donation camps organised by Red Cross Society. Purushottam Topiwala, president of Gawshala Society (cow house), was awarded for his appreciable social work. Shiv Pratap, a fire official, was awarded for his appreciable work in human services.Rajiv Singh and Anand from civil defence services were awarded for excellent work in their respective fields while five officials of Kanpur Municipal Corporation were also awarded for their contribution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13062647", "title": "UPSC to hold separate exams to fill vacant IPS posts", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union Public Service Commission will hold three-day exclusive tests beginning May 20 to fill some of the over 1,300 vacant posts of Indian Police Service (IPS) officers across the country.The Indian Police Service Limited Competitive Examination (LCE) 2012 will be held on May 20, 21 and 22 at seven centres -- Ahmedabad, Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Guwahati, Kolkata and Nagpur.According to officials, the LCE will serve as second option to get lateral entry in the IPS by officers working in Armed, central paramilitary and State Police services among others.As per the eligibility criteria, an officer who has completed five years of continuous and actual service as Deputy Superintendent of Police in states under State Police Service, Assistant Commandants in CPMFs, or officers of the rank of Captain or Major or equivalent in the Armed forces who have an unblemished service record are eligible to take the exams.The states face shortage of as many as 1,327 IPS officers. Union Home Secretary R K Singh informed a parliamentary panel last month that the actual strength of IPS officers in the country was 3,393 against the sanctioned strength of 4,720.\"All candidates found eligible have been issued e-Admit Cards through post. Candidates may also download the e-Admit Card from the Commission's Website at http://www.upsc.gov.in,\" the Department of Personnel and Training said in a release today.Besides, UPSC annually conducts Civil Services Exams to select candidates for Indian Administrative Service (IAS), IPS, Indian Foreign Service (IFS) among others. This year, the Civil Service (preliminary) examination is scheduled to be held on May 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13059353", "title": "Dinapur STP becomes a bone of contention", "text": "VARANASI: The Dinapur compound of Ganga Pollution Control Unit (UP Jal Nigam) looks more like a pipe manufacturing unit, rather than what it was actually meant to be - a Sewage Treatment Plant. The Dinapur STP had come into existence in 1986, immediately after the launching of Ganga Action Plan (GAP) by Rajiv Gandhi then the prime minister.When the TOI visited Dinapur STP, it found not only the pipe manufacturing unit of L&T; operating there, but a major part of the compound has been converted into a dumping yard for the pipes manufactured there. The farmers, who are already annoyed due to delay in disposal of their compensation related cases filed after the acquisition of their land to establish the STP at Dinapur, are terming it as foul play on the part of UPJN. However, Ramesh Singh, general manager of Ganga Pollution Control Unit, apparently finds nothing wrong in these practices. On being contacted, Singh said that the land of Dinapur STP is owned by the UPJN and it can take any decision related to its utilization. He said that 70 per cent of the land is being used for waste water treatment reaching to Dinapur STP from Konia sewage pumping station.Singh said that the L&T; (Larsen &amp; Toubro Limited) required space for establishing its plant to manufacture the pipes locally, which are being used for laying into trans-Varuna sewer line and storm water drainage projects. As spare land was available at Dinapur STP, Singh said, the UPJN decided to give it to L&T; on rent as it had other benefits like regular monitoring of quality of their product. V C Jha, the project in charge of L&T;, said that as per the requirement of client, providing a suitable place for pipe manufacturing was mentioned in the contract letter. He said that creating such a unit near the city, based on the technology imported from the US, was a must to avoid damages of pipe during transportation.On the other hand, the affected farmers of Dinapur are not satisfied with these clarifications. Suresh Mishra, their lawyer, said that in 1986-87, the UPJN and local administration had mentioned in the official records that the purpose of land acquisition would be establishing a STP only. He said that as the UPJN has given the land of STP for other uses, the purpose has been defeated and changed. In reply to this, Singh said that the purpose has not been changed as the STP is operating in its full capacity and the pipe manufacturing is continuing on spare land only. He said that the UPJN had given land to L&T; with a condition that whenever the agency would have any need for utilization of its land in Dinapur for own purpose the company would have to remove its plant.While the UPJN and L&T; have their own stands, the reason behind protest over their practices by the local farmers can be known only by meeting them. Against the acquisition of 49.79 acres of land belonging to 44 farmers of Dinapur, a compensation amount of Rs 29.62 lakh was fixed at the time of acquisition. Most of the farmers received their compensation amount while the amount for others who did not receive it, was deposited in the court at the time of land acquisition, said Singh adding, the farmers who were dissatisfied with the compensation amount took shelter of the court.Mishra said that in 1991 when the farmers took shelter of lower court, the latter gave a decision to provide compensation to the affected farmers at the rate of Rs 19,237 against per biswa land. However, against this decision the UPJN moved the Allahabad high court, where the decision of lower court was not changed. After this, Mishra said, the UPJN went to the Supreme Court, where the judgment of HC was quashed and sent to district court again for disposal within six months. When the lower court ordered - in 14 out of total cases - to provide compensation at the rate of Rs 5,426 for per decimal (about Rs 17,000 for per biswa land), the UPJN again took shelter of the HC and got a stay order against the order of lower court. Mishra said that when the UPJN did not appear on the scheduled dates of hearing, the HC on February 22 last dismissed the stay order and first appeal during its non-appearance.In the period of hearing of these cases, in different cases as many as eight farmers like Moolchand, husband of Munni Devi, left contesting the case due to worsened financial condition. Other affected farmers like Satish Kumar Maurya alleged that as per the condition of land acquisition one member of affected family had to get job in the UPJN, but this promise was not fulfilled. Other farmers like Awadhesh Kumar and Shivmurat had complaints that they failed to get power, generated with the gas produced at STP, supply and irrigation water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13057399", "title": "I saw a bundle of fire, says neighbour", "text": "BANGALORE: A neighbour of R Venugopal, who set his wife V Asha and baby daughter Chandana on fire, says she saw a horrific scene when she rushed down on hearing screams.Shamala Jaggan, who resides on the first floor of the building in Manjunatha Layout, TC Palya, near KR Puram, informed TOI she heard the screams of the mother and daughter and soon saw smoke billowing out of their house.\"First, I thought it was a cylinder burst. When I went down, I saw that Asha was a bundle of fire and was running around in the house. The child was in flames in the bedroom,\" Shamala said.Police are looking for Venugopal, a petty businessman, his parents Ramachandrappa and Lakshmamma, and younger brother Prabhakar.First Wife Had Committed SuicideAccording to neighbours, Venugopal was earlier married to Asha's elder sister, Ashwini. \"They had two children, Nikhita alias Geeta, 6, and Praveen, 4,\" they said. The family stayed in a building owned by Venugopal's father.Ashwini was found hanging from the ceiling of her bedroom in 2008. \"We strongly suspect it was murder,\" a neighbour said.Venugopal later convinced his in-laws to let him marry their second daughter, Asha. \"She will be a mother for my two children as she is their aunt,\" was his argument.After marrying Asha, Venugopal moved into the ground-floor residence.His neighbours Jaggan and his wife Shamala, both BPO employees, moved into the first-floor residence last year, not knowing that a death had taken place in one of the bedrooms.DCP (East division) Krishna Bhat said police will register a murder case against Venugopal. \"Also, we will look into Ashwini's death.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13058177", "title": "Rise in chain-snatching incidents in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The sudden upsurge in chain-snatching incidents in the city has created an unsafe environment for women. Nineteen incidents were reported in the first five months this year. Of all the incidents, only one case was detected by the police.Cops were deployed on 34 points. Despite this, women think twice before venturing out of their houses.In the year 2011, only four incidents of chain-snatching were reported of which two were detected. By comparison, on April 30 this year, six chain-snatching cases took place within just two hours. From year 2007 to 2012, 105 incidents of chain snatching were reported out of which 28 cases were detected .This year's sudden rise in the cases has left women worried. Homemaker Anita Godbole felt that police should intensify patrolling and deploy plainclothes policemen at various spots. Kanchan, a teacher, said the incidents may also result in women falling off their vehicles and getting injured.Police chiefAmitesh Kumar told TOI that the modus operandi of the accused is almost the same in all the cases.\"The bike-borne accused mainly target woman on two-wheelers and flee. We have been investigating the matter,\" he said.On Tuesday afternoon, one more incident of chain snatching was reported from the city but unlike bike-born male accused, the culprit was a woman. Girijabai Kumbre (60), a resident of Dahigaon in Wardha, had come to city to meet her son who lives in Vyankayyapura locality. Kumbre took an auto rickshaw from ST stand and came near Biyani Square where a woman snatched her 3 gm gold chain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13060330", "title": "Vishvendra sharpens attack on Chandrabhan, says he has no mass base", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress leader and scion of Bharatpur royal family, Vishvendra Singh sharpened his attack on PCC president Chandrabhan on Tuesday by terming the violence at the party workshop on May 5 as the local people's \"outburst against a murderer.\"Singh denied his involvement in the violence and said the assaulters also included \"frustrated\" party workers who were opposed to the Bharatpur district Congress Committee president Girish Chaudhary's style of functioning. The former Bharatpur MP alleged that Chaudhary and his predecessor Govind Sharma were members of a local land mafia. The two Congressmen from Bharatpur, on the other hand, met Chandrabhan and chief minister Ashok Gehlot in Jaipur to demand action against Singh.\"Chandrabhan, Chaudhary and Sharma are people without any mass base. Chaudhary and Sharma haven't won a single election in their life. Whether such people should be allowed to run the Congress when the assembly elections are due next year is for the party central leadership to think,\" Singh told TOI over the phone from Bharatpur before leaving for New Delhi to meet the Congress high command late on Tuesday evening. He postponed his protest and court arrest planned at Bharatpur for Wednesday.The Congress leader was summoned to Delhi following a PCC report blaming him for the violence committed at the party workshop in Bharatpur on May 5. A group of nearly 50 young men-alleged to have been led by Singh-bashed up senior party leaders at the function in the presence of PCC chief Chandrabhan and a couple of ministers, parliamentarians and legislators that day.The Bharatpur ex-royal, however, asserted that the people who gate-crashed at the Congress function were two groups of people who were separately aggrieved by Chaudhary and Sharma (the sitting and former DCC presidents, respectively) and the PCC chief Chandrabhan.\"Chandrabhan was convicted for the murder of one Brijesh Sharma from my village Sinsinwar and spent six-and-a-half years in jail in the 1970s. The people who protested on May 5 included Sinsinwar villagers who were aggrieved by Chandrabhan. I was trying to pacify them,\" said Singh, reasoning that he could not have led the mob against the PCC chief whom he welcomed two hours ago at another function the same morning.Reacting to Chandrabhan's statement that he has been acquitted by the high court in the murder case, Singh said, \"I challenge Chandrabhan to show the documents of his acquittal.\"The former MP also questioned the PCC chief's reasoning that an FIR about the violence was not lodged because it was party's internal matter. \"If it is an internal matter why is he so vocal about it on the television and the newspapers?\"Bharatpur DCC chief Chaudhary said Singh's allegations were \"frustrated reactions\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13059450", "title": "Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority to study impact of Metro-III", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) has decided to be sensitive to the city's heritage and will conduct detailed studies on the impact of the third Metro line on structures in the Fort heritage precincts like the high court and CST station.MMRDA additional commissioner, S Srinivas, said they will conduct the study to ensure that they know all details before any work begins.\"We are also making an Environment Impact Assessment Report and A Social Impact Assessment Report. These reports are officially needed by the financing agency. As for the heritage study, we are doing it on our own to protect the city's heritage,\" he said.The third line from Colaba-Bandra-Seepz will cost Rs 21,000 crore and will be fully underground.Srinivas said the MMRDA has held talks with the Japanese International Cooperation Agency (JICA) which will be funding the line and they are keen on the environment and social impact reports.Dwelling on the challenges faced by the MMRDA for building the third line, Srinivas said that having an underground car depot for the line would make it very expensive as it would require a 24-hour air circulating system to remove the fumes. Srinivas said they were exploring ways of disposing the debris that would be generated after the massive digging for the underground Metro. They were looking at keeping the debris in abandoned quarries and at a minor port near Mumbai. Dumping the waste rocks in the sea will need environmental clearance, he said.Three Metro stations near the airport will be built by the Mumbai International Airport Limited (MIAL) and two stations at SEEPZ and MIDC will be financed partly by a central government organization since SEEPZ is an export zone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13058631", "title": "State competent to acquire land for Mopa airport: HC", "text": "PANAJI: The high court of Bombay at Goa on Monday held that the Goa government is competent to initiate land acquisition proceedings for the construction of the new international airport at Mopa in Pernem taluka.A division bench comprising Justice S C Dharmadhikari and Justice U V Bakre observed, \"Assuming that in the instant case the acquisition by the state government is for the purposes of setting up of an international airport and (that) such a subject is dealt with by List I (Union list) and the words 'for the purposes of the Union' have to be construed in the present case by taking into account Entry 29 of List I (Union List), even then we are of the opinion that the state government cannot be said to be incompetent to initiate the acquisition proceedings.\"The petitioners, who claimed to be owners/tenants of the land, had questioned the power of the state government to issue a notification for acquisition of land measuring 74,99,490 sq m as the acquisition was for the public purpose of the Union. The petitioners also stated that their grievances were ignored and that the declaration was issued under Section 6 of the Land Acquisition Act.The court noted that, where the state government has a definite role to play and has indeed involved itself in the project or purpose, maybe for the Union, was another notable and relevant feature that could not be ignored.The court also directed the state government to hear the petitioners within 30 days under Section 5-A of the Land Acquisition Act. The court directed that it will be only the petitioners who will be heard in the inquiry by the collector or the competent authority and no others, nor will the proceedings in relation to acquisition of other lands of other villagers be reopened.The state government had given an undertaking to the court that it would hold the necessary inquiry or hearing with respect to the petitioners' case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13058474", "title": "Hot weather makes cotton most-favoured fabric", "text": "KANPUR: With the onset of summers, demand and sale of cotton clothes and apparels got a sneak peak. According to the city based designers and fashion freaks, cotton has emerged as best fashion trends this summers, which not only add to the glam quotient but also beat the heat.Change in season has brought a makeover of the wardrobes as well. Beelines of buyers can be seen at the shops of local designers bringing the latest summer collections and that too with 100 percent use of cotton.\"In summers, fashion has always been a secondary stuff as people prefer comfort. Hence, fashion these days is all about finding the right combination of fabric, colours and textures that will keep the sweat away and protect us from the sun. Following the similar pattern, we designed trendy cotton 'Kurtas' for both male and female. Girls can wear them with leggings while guys can go for denims or pants,\" said Kartikeya Shukla, a designer.The designers have also focused on the trendy look and designs. Even the best colours and prints can be seen in many shops at Naveen Market, Gumti area where ready-made flowery Kurtas, skirts, trousers and palazzo pants can be seen in different looks. Sakhi Malhotra, a boutique owner said, \"Every summer a particular style, colour and pattern is in vogue. This year the style of cotton kurtis with floral prints and colours like lavender, pista green, plum and light yellow are much in demand. The young girls are also going for Khadi outfits as they keep the body cool even when the summers are at its peak.\"She added that as far as occasional party wear is concerned, people are going for indo-western styles. Chicken embroidery, lacy clothes and works like patchwork, pleats, threading and layers are in fashion.Giving reason for preferring maximum cotton for her wardrobs in summers, Deepali said that cotton is cheap, stylish and comfortable. Even many forms can be given to cotton clothes and its always in demand.\"We are witnessing a good footfall for cotton buyers. With the rising trend of mercury, only cotton clothes can provide relief from the scorching heat\" said Anand Jai Singhani, a shop owner at Naveen Market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-09"}
