{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390697", "title": "Chargesheet against cop", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major embarrassment to Chandigarh police, a chargesheet was filed against a tainted cop, sub-inspector Jaspal Singh Bhullar, in a local court on Thursday in an over-three-year-old accident case. Charges under various sections of the IPC, including 279 (rash driving or riding on a public way), 337 (causing hurt by act endangering life or personal safety of others) and 304-A (causing death by negligence) were framed against Bhullar in the court. After the accident in 2009, the first inquiry officer, sub-inspector Ram Parkash, had acted under the influence of Bhullar and given him a clean chit. On the appeal of deceased's father, a reinvestigation was marked, but another inspector Kuldeep Singh of UT police too let him free. It was only after the intervention of Punjab and Haryana high court in 2011 that a fresh inquiry was initiated by a senior Haryana police officer, who nailed Bhullar. In June 2012, after about a year-long reinvestigation, Bhullar was held responsible for rash and negligent driving causing death. The reinvestigation conducted by a SIT of Haryana crime branch also established that while misusing his power as an in charge of Sector 22 police post, Bhullar had lodged an FIR against the deceased, Gagandeep Singh, and pillion rider Mandeep Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391298", "title": "Probe report says Bhullar\u2019s car hit bike", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In a major embarrassment to Chandigarh police, a chargesheet was filed against a tainted cop, sub-inspector Jaspal Singh Bhullar, in a local court on Thursday in an over-three-year-old accident case. The accident had taken place in June 2009 when a Santro being driven by Bhullar rammed the motorcycle of Gagandeep at a traffic lightpoint near Kiran Theater, Sector 22. Pillion rider Mandeep had received injuries on his legs. Gagandeep, a resident of Moga district, had succumbed two days after the incident in PGI. But instead of taking action against Bhullar, UT police had lodged FIR against Gagandeep and Mandeep at Sector 17 police station. Unhappy with the proceedings, Gagandeep's father Balwinder Singh had moved the Punjab and Haryana high court in February 2011, seeking reinvestigation by CBI or any other state agency. The high court had on July 13, 2011, directed the Haryana DGP to form a special investigation team (SIT) to look into the case. The reinvestigation was conducted by IG (crime), Haryana, Alok Roy. Its report was recently submitted in the high court. The inquiry report (a copy of which is in the possession of TOI) revealed that mechanic's as well as forensic reports from FSL, Madhuban, and CFSL, Sector 36, have established that it was Bhullar's Santro which had rammed the motorcycle of Gagandeep.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391706", "title": "Dad Mulayam, 'uncles' runningAkhilesh govt, says urban UP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six months into his term as chief minister, an overwhelming majority of urbanites in Uttar Pradesh feel that while Akhilesh Yadav may be the man who occupies the hot seat, his father is a 'super chief minister' and 'powerful uncles' are spiking many of his decisions.That's the key finding from a five-city poll, which also found a marked dissatisfaction with the government's performance. About 72% of those polled felt that while Akhilesh may be the CM, Mulayam Singh Yadav is acting as the super CM. Nearly two-thirds, or 63%, felt that powerful uncles are getting in the way of Akhilesh's smooth functioning.Perhaps that explains the fact that 75% felt the CM hasn't taken a single bold decision in the past six months. The unhappiness with the way things are going is reflected in the fact that 42% of respondents said they were \"completely dissatisfied\" with governance in the last six months and another 8% said they were somewhat dissatisfied, against just 15% saying they were completely satisfied and 22% saying they were somewhat satisfied.A key reason could be that two-thirds of those polled (67%) said they were unhappy with UP's law and order situation. It would seem that Akhilesh's campaign promise to make a clean break from the past and wipe out the 'goonda raj' tag often hurled at the earlier SP regime hasn't yielded the desired results, at least not in the perception of those polled.That should give Maywati reason to cheer. She is widely perceived to have won the 2007 polls largely because people had become fed up with the terrible law and order situation under Mulayam. But what about the issue that is seen to have brought about Mayawati's downfall - corruption? Akhilesh had promised to tackle corruption on a war-footing, but 43% said he has been totally ineffective in curbing corruption, compared with only 10% who feel he has been completely effective.The fact that uncle Shivpal was caught on camera saying it was \"ok to steal a little\" and that nothing was done about it clearly hasn't helped Akhilesh much on this count. There is also a feeling that Mulayam is going overboard in promoting his kith and kin. Of those polled, 69% felt Mulayam is promoting his own family. On a wider scale, there was a feeling that this government is essentially taking care of its own voter base of Muslims and Yadavs at the expense of others.While only 36% said this government is inclusive in its policies, 59% felt it's just taking care of its own voter base. Interestingly, the perception seems to be that the bureaucracy is more politicized under this regime than under Mayawati . About 40% said the BSP regime saw a less politicized babudom compared to 24% who said this government has been better on this count.If Akhilesh thought he had won the youth over with the promise of laptops and tablets and unemployment dole, the findings of the survey should make him think again. A staggering 74% felt that these one-time giveaways are a waste and the same money could have been much better utilised in building schools and colleges.With over 60% also holding the view that the Akhilesh government has not succeeded in attracting investment to the state and 50% saying it has been unable to project a positive image of the state outside, it is understandable that only 36% of those polled felt the government has been successful in living up to its poll promises, while 43% said it hadn't, the rest remaining neutral.The survey was conducted in Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi, Allahabad and Ghaziabad and polled those between 18 and 40 years of age. It was conducted exclusively for TOI by IPSOS, a global market research agency. Interestingly, on most parameters Ghaziabad and, to a lesser extent, Kanpur, seem to have a positive view of this government than the cities further to the east.Six months may not be a long enough time to judge a government elected to rule for five years, but the initial signs are disturbing from the SP's point of view, particularly given the level of its ambition for the Lok Sabha elections which are due in 2014 but could possible happen earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390847", "title": "Woman to get Rs 83,500 from airline for not allowing her to board its flight", "text": "NEW DELHI: Russian airline Aeroflot has been directed by a consumer forum in New Delhi to pay Rs 83,500 to a woman for not allowing her to board its flight to Milan from Delhi despite having a valid visa. The airline had stopped the woman from taking the flight on August 24, 2008 saying she had not produced the invitation letter from Italian embassy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391018", "title": "So near, yet so far for kin", "text": "BANGALORE: For families of the 11 terror suspects, it was a long wait near the court on Thursday. They had gathered at the court complex from 11am.The wait ended only at 4.30pm when a Karnataka State Reserve Police minibus entered the compound with police jeeps in front and behind it.The families rushed to have a glimpse of their loved ones but policemen stopped them. The accused, all covered in black masks, were taken into Court Hall No. 2.Dada Peer Siddiqui, father of accused Dr Nayeem Siddiqui, said he had been longing to see his son's face. But the old man was a bundle of disillusionment as his son, who was arrested on Sept. 2, was not produced.Abdul Sattar Jamadar, father of another accused Adbul Hakim Jamadar, said he came to the city from Hubli by a KSRTC bus. \"Bangalore is new to me and I walked nearly 2km from Majestic to Nrupatunga Road as there were no buses,\" he said.The accused were present in the court for 15 minutes before being whisked away.After the court extended police custody, a family member of a suspect said they would approach the high court. \"We're not too aware about legal proceedings. A few social organizations are helping us,\" he said.Tense momentsThe presence of a huge contingent of mediapersons caused some tense moments, given the hostility prevailing between city advocates and journalists ever since the violence in the Civil Court Complex in March.A few men in black coats questioned mediapersons why they had come to the court complex. Journalists were stopped from going near the room where terror suspects were produced. A woman reporter was abused and another journalist slapped on his head in the melee. A few stones were flung at scribes before police intervened and escorted them to safety.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390304", "title": "PVP's 900cr bid for Chargers rejected", "text": "CHENNAI: A last-minute demand for a bank guarantee for the 450 crore cash component that PVP Ventures offered to Deccan Chargers resulted in the Hyderabad team not changing hands to a new owner.In a videographed auction on Thursday here, PVP Ventures, promoted by NRI businessman Prasad V Potluri, offered 450 crore in cash and a similar amount as debentures. \"The bid was then reviewed by Deccan Chronicle Holdings, which in its discretion and with no role being played by BCCI, rejected the bid on the basis of the payment terms offered by the bidder,\" Sanjay Jagdale, honorary secretary, BCCI, said in a statement.BCCI will decide on the franchise on Saturday.Prasad Potluri could not be reached for a comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16390879", "title": "DM Healthcare to invest Rs 2,150cr", "text": "KOCHI: DM Healthcare (DMH), the Dubai-based firm founded by Dr Azad Moopen, will invest Rs 2,150 crore in Kerala over a period of four years. DMH will set up a medical college and hospital in Wayanad, super speciality hospitals in Kochi, Palakkad, Kannur and a township in Kochi.The project cost for 1,050-bed Aster Medcity will be Rs 800 crore. The first phase of the project will be ready by the second half of 2013.Apart from this, there will be a convention centre with a seating capacity of 500. The project site is a 40 acre campus at Cheranellur near Kochi.\"Kerala has investment potential. We had invested in MIMS Kozhikode as part of an NRI investment team. We started it as a 300-bed hospital, which has doubled its capacity over a decade and has branched out to Kottakkal. Hence, we feel that there is scope for more investments,\" said DMH chairman Dr Moopen.DMH is setting up a medical college in Wayanad to provide better health facilities to the 14 lakh population spread over Wayanad and areas bordering Tamil Nadu. The company is also planning to raise its share in MIMS Kozhikode from 35% to 51% in the near future said DMH director Anoop Moopen. It also has plans to set up IVF clinics across the country by collaborating with a foreign firm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390361", "title": "Cong session on Sept. 23", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state Congress has finally decided to hold a one-day brainstorming session to discuss various issues confronting the party in the state on September 23. The session, which will be attended by about 4000 delegates from across the state, will be held at Telugu Lalitha Kala Thoranam.The date and venue has been decided in a meeting attended by PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana on Thursday. Surprisingly, Telangana leaders are not so enthusiastic. Party spokespersons N Tulasi Reddy and Madasu Gangadharam announced the date and venue of the meeting. They said party MPs, MLAs, MLCs and other senior leaders as well as members of district committees will participate in the deliberations. AICC general secresary Gulam Nabi Azad and secretary B Krishnamurhty will also attend the meeting.In view of the recent defections from the party to YSR Congress, the PCC president has appointed coordinators to mobilise leaders for the session. The coordinators will tour districts to identify the delegates and issues before the party, said Tulasi Reddy. However, Telangana MLCs, K R Amos and K Yadava Reddy remarked that without a decision on Telangana, the session would not serve any purpose.This is the first state-wide meeting being conducted by the ruling party in the last three years. It is said that the session is the fallout of the last week's mini session organised by former Youth Congress leaders where Rajya Sabha MP Chiranjeevi said the party was suffering from deficiency of coordination and indecisiveness.The party has been in disarray ever since the death of YSR in 2009 and could not hold any meeting. Even the committee set up to coordinate between the government and the party could not meet regularly because of hostility among its members. The members of the committee are AICC general secretary and in-charge of Andhra Pradesh Gulam Nabi Azad, chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, PCC president Botsa Satyanarayana, deputy chief minister C Domodara Rajanarasimha, Rajya Sabha MP Chiranjeevi and former minister Md Ali Shabbir. The only meeting of the committee, held long ago, ended abruptly as style of the chief minister came in for severe criticism.After the July by-elections after the suffered defeat in 16 out the 18 seats, several leaders demanded a brainstorming session to discuss the party's poor performance.In fact the demand for such a session has not found favor with the party high command as it thought a brainstorming session would open flood gates for criticism of the leadershipAccording to sources issues such as differences over YSR legacy, Telangana issue, poor performance of the party in the recent by-elections, non-filling up of the nominated posts in the state public sector units, non-appointment of district committees, alleged YS Jaganmohan Reddy's coverts in the state cabinet are expected to figure in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390409", "title": "Hospital comes to aid of burn victims", "text": "VARANASI: GS Memorial Plastic Surgery Hospital, known for conducting cleft surgery on the lead character of Oscar winning short film Smile Pinki, has begun a programme to conduct free surgeries on people suffering from post burn deformities.According to the director of the hospital Dr Subodh Kumar Singh, the free surgeries for these cases would commence from Friday, and preference would be given to women and children suffering from disabling or disfiguring deformities. The hospital would treat 50 such burn victims.According to him, a large number of people sustain burns every year in India and most of them do not receive proper treatment. As a result, either they succumb to the injuries or develop disabling and crippling deformities or disfigurement, which take away their self esteem and ability to work.These deformities can be corrected by plastic surgery, but unfortunately, most patients do not receive the same due to lack of facilities or resources.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388933", "title": "NMC squads to monitor sale, immersion of PoP idols", "text": "NAGPUR: With a view to implement the high court's directives, Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) has formed special squads to monitor whether artisans selling plaster of paris (PoP) idols are stamping the back in red, mentioning the idols are made of PoP.Besides, the team will also keep an eye on whether sellers are displaying boards in their shops clearly mentioning idols are made of PoP and directing their immersion in artificial tanks. If the sellers fail to follow the HC guidelines, NMC will lodge a police complaint against such violators, said mayor Anil Sole on Thursday.To prevent pollution of city's water bodies, Sole said that from this year NMC is assigning Kanak Resources to collect nirmalaya every day from Ganesh pandals. Any Ganesh mandal can avail this service by just dialling the toll free number 1800235490 or contacting deputy director (health) Dr Milind Ganvir on 9823063935.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16391703", "title": "MSY framing next polls as Rahul vs Akhilesh: Cong, feels Cong", "text": "NEW DELHI: Congress sees Samajwadi Party as moving to cast the next election as a 'Rahul Gandhi vs Akhilesh Yadav' battle, a gambit aimed at piling pressure on the Congress heir apparent after the debacle in Uttar Pradesh assembly polls.The Samajwadis' singling out of Rahul for attack surprised Congress that had bought peace with the rival after state elections in which Akhilesh emerged the clear winner following a bitter slugfest. Mulayam Singh Yadav's cosying up to UPA and the Centre's support for Akhilesh government presented a working partnership that has now been shattered by strong words from the Yadav family.Rattled Congressmen think Mulayam has made the move for the next elections. While he would prefer a mid-term poll, it appears an uphill task in view of reluctance of BSP and Left to force the issue before 2014 because of their weak state in their strongholds. SP's kind words for Mamata Banerjee are attempts to coordinate with a UPA ally who would prefer early polls.Given the failure to force early polls, the attack on Rahul seems an attempt to pressure the Congress leader before his organizational elevation and projection for the PM's post.By focusing on Rahul, Mulayam may want to show the domestic constituency that he was playing for central sweepstakes, a gambit to consolidate the support base. The 2014 polls will be his last shot at the top post.A section of Congress sees similar attacks coming from other PM hopefuls, like Narendra Modi.While it marks acknowledgement of Rahul as a future Congress leader, party men are concerned that rival PM candidates like Modi and Mulayam see him as easy target. \"The tone of SP and Mulayam Singh has come as surprise,\" a leader said.The opposition's aggression indicates a weakening perception about Congress. Samajwadi camp's readiness to target the Congress heir apparent is a departure from Mulayam's reluctance to do so in the past recent. His refusal to support Congress in 1999 to form the government embarrassed Sonia Gandhi and burnt his bridges with the party. It took him over four years to repair the relations.\"Mulayam's newfound preparedness to target the AICC brass shows his calculation that Congress will not come back to power,\" an AICC leader said.The target-Rahul focus could turn serious if Congress trips in the December polls where Rahul would obviously be the star campaigner.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388982", "title": "Delhi high court bench recuses self from hearing plea on fee hike", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Delhi high court bench on Thursday recused itself from hearing a plea of a lawyers' body seeking to set aside a legislation allowing a ten-fold hike in court fees.\"I was part of a committee which was involved in formulating the e-court filing of petitions. The provision relating to the e-court is part of the Court Fee (Delhi Amendment) Act, 2012,\" Justice Badar Durrez Ahmed said. The bench comprising Justice Ahmed and Justice Siddharth Mridul then referred back the petition of the Delhi High Court Bar Association to acting Chief Justice A K Sikri for transferring it to some other court. The matter is expected to come up for hearing before another bench on Friday.On September 10, the acting Chief Justice had transferred the case as \"the bench, which hears the matter, will have to pass the order also\" and he may be elevated as the Chief Justice of another HC. Earlier, the Delhi HC had stayed the government's decision to enforce the Court Fee Act. On the last date of hearing, the government had objected to the appearance of ASG A S Chandhiok for DHCBA and supporting the stand of the lawyers' body.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390721", "title": "Union minister says crime going down in Bengal", "text": "KOLKATA: The deteriorating law and order situation in Bengal may be a common refrain for state Congress leaders, but for minister of state (Home) Jitendra Singh the state's crime rate \"has gone down\". Singh, who met chief minister Mamata Banerjee at the state secretariat on Thursday, also said that the state had \"done well\" in containing Maoist threat.The Union minister, however, made it clear at the outset that law and order remained a state subject. \"Should the state government need any central assistance (read forces) we are ready to extend all help and cooperation,\" he said. Singh said the CRPF in tandem with state police have done well to control the Naxalite menace. But this still remains a big problem nationwide, he added. During his discussions with Mamata Banerjee, the minister said he had also broached the topic of better intelligence gathering by the state and central agencies. \"The inputs are local so the bulk of this has to be borne by the state agencies,\" he said.Singh, who spent the night in a floating BSF border outpost in the Sunderbans, asked the chief minister to resolve some teething land acquisition problems plaguing the creation of more Border Outposts (BOP) of BSF along the India-Bangladesh border. This, Singh stressed, was imperative to complete the border fencing and curb infiltration and smuggling along the border. \"I also discussed the issue of floodlighting along the border,\" Singh said.Besides law and order and border issues, Singh also made a strong pitch for exemption of VAT for the central police canteens (CPC) which cater to the central forces. \"A total of 20 states have already waived this VAT duty for the CPC. I have urged the chief minister of Bengal to see if she can do the same. It would not be a big financial loss - perhaps Rs 1-2 crore - but will go a long way to show that we are with the people who are fighting for our country under extreme conditions,\" he said. The chief minister, Singh said, gave him a patient hearing.Earlier in the day, the Union minister, accompanied by the ADG (BSF) Bansidhar Sharma had paid a visit to Sunderbans and spoken to villagers in Shamsergunj. \"It is not easy to guard the borders. I have always wanted to know first-hand how they worked and therefore I spent the night in a floating BOP, in Sunderbans (near the India-Bangladesh border),\" he said. At Shamshergunj, Singh was moved by children going to a village school despite hardship. He immediately announced that the BSF will take over the school and convert it into a model school.Deteriorating law and order in Bengal may be a common refrain of state Congress leaders, but for MoS (Home) Jitendra Singh the state's crime rate is \"going down\" and the state has \"done well\" to contain the Maoist threat. Singh's meeting with the chief minister Mamata Banerjee at Writers' Buildings on Thursday comes after Uttar Pradesh chief minister Akhilesh Yadav called on her and his party sending overtures to Trinamool Congress with an eye on 2014 Lok Sabha polls. The apparent Congress dichotomy is aimed to cater to their varied interests - the forthcoming Bengal panchayat polls and to complete a full-term at the Centre.Singh, however, at the outset made it clear that law and order remained a state subject. \"Should the state government need any central assistance (read forces) we are ready to extend all help and cooperation,\" he said. He also said both the CRPF in tandem with the state police has done well to control the Naxalite menace but reminded that this still remains a big problem nationwide. During his discussions, he said, he had also broached the topic of better intelligence gathering by the state and the central agencies. \"The inputs are local, so the bulk of this has to be borne by the state agencies,\" he said.Singh, who spent overnight in a floating BSF border outpost in Sunderbans and also made time to visit a correctional home for women, also stressed to the chief minister to resolve some teething land acquisition problems plaguing the creation of more Border Outposts (BOP) of BSF along the Indo-Bangladesh border. This Singh stressed were imperative to complete the border fencing and curb infiltration and smuggling along the border. \"I also discussed the issue of floodlighting along the border,\" Singh said. Singh also made a strong pitch for exemption of VAT duty charged for the central police canteens (CPC) which caters to the central forces. \"A total 20 states have already waived this VAT duty for the CPC. I have urged the chief minister if Bengal can do the same. It would not be a big financial loss - perhaps one or two crores - but will go a long way to show the people who are fighting for our country under extreme conditions that we are with them,\" he said. Singh said the chief minister have him a patient hearing.Singh, accompanied by the ADG (BSF) Bansidhar Sharma, had earlier in the day spoken to villagers in Shamsergunj village in Surdarbans. \"It is not easy to guard the borders. I have always wanted to know first-hand how they worked and therefore I spent overnight in a floating BOP, in Sundarbans (near the Indo-Bangladesh border)\" he said. At Shamshergunj, Singh was moved by the seeing children going to a village school inspite of all hardships. The minister promptly instructed that the BSF will take over the school and will convert it into a model school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391372", "title": "\u2018Only 44 of 300 DEd institutes in Maha eligible\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: The Supreme Court-appointed Justice J S Varma Commission on teacher education has told the SC that an overwhelming 249 of the 300 DEd ( diploma in education) institutions in Maharashtra do not qualify to run the course.The panel has pointed out that Maharashtra, which has the distinction of having the highest number of teacher training institutions, has only 44 DEd institutes that qualify for recognition. Seven institutes refused to get themselves inspected and instead told the review committee that they would apply for closure of the DEd programme.\"The recommendation of (the) Justice Varma commission would be beneficial for teacher education in the long run. At a time when stress is on quality and implementation of (the) Right to Education Act, it is important that teacher education institutions should be of class. Already, introduction of Teacher Eligibility Test has been accepted by many states. The recommendation of Justice Varma would act as a deterrent to mindless growth of poor quality teacher education institutions,\" said an official associated with the panel.The commission checked land records and verified if the built-up area, open space and other requirements were in order. The institutes were also tested for faculty strength, salary, maintenance of funds and other yardsticks.The review was ordered by the SC following a petition filed by 291 institutions, whose recognition was quashed by the Nagpur bench of the Bombay high court in 2009. These institutions were granted recognition by the Western Regional Committee of National Council for Teacher Education ( NCTE) despite objections from the state government.A piquant situation has arisen, as pointed out by the panel. It said though the SC stayed the HC order and students admitted to the first year in 2010-11 moved to the second year in 2011-12 and completed the course, the state did not allow these institutions to admit students in the first year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390253", "title": "Lawyers postpone strike, demand action in arson case", "text": "KANPUR: Advocates from Kanpur Nagar and Kanpur Dehat on Thursday postponed their ongoing strike for a week, asking the district administration to nab the culprits behind arson at the chamber of Kanpur Bar Association's president.The office bearers of Kanpur Bar Association and The Lawyers Association in a joint meeting decided to postpone their agitation after they were informed that district officials had sought time for inquiry and action.The advocates were on a strike for the past last three days in protest against the burning of Ramendra Singh Katiyar's chamber present within the court campus on Sunday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "16389316", "title": "Karnataka man rescued off Calangute", "text": "Calangute: A tourist from Karnataka was rescued from drowning at Calangute beach on Thursday afternoon by Drishti lifeguards.According to Drishti, the tourist Anand Vijay Kumar Anna Kunni, 28, along with a friend Jagadish Konda, ignoring safety advice from the lifeguards at the spot, was swimming in a no-swim zone around 100m south of the main Calangute beach entrance at about 1.30pm when he got caught in a strong rip current and started gesturing for help.Lifeguard Shailesh Tulaskar, who was observing the two tourists, immediately rushed to his rescue with a rescue tube. But while he was doing this, both the lifeguard and the tourist were dragged further into the sea by the strong rip current and drifted around 60m away from the shore.Noticing this, another lifeguard Rahul Mahale reached the spot with a rescue board, but because of the strong rip current, he too started experiencing difficulty in coming with the victim to the shore. Other lifeguards on the shore immediately launched a jet ski and lifeguard Krishna Nagvekar brought the victim safely to the shore. After checking the victim for injuries, he was allowed to go.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16393775", "title": "US House passes resolution condemning Sikh gurdwara shooting", "text": "WASHINGTON: In a bipartisan show of solidarity with the Sikhs, the US House of Representatives has unanimously passed a resolution condemning the Wisconsin gurdwara shooting that left six worshippers dead last month.Condemning the \"senseless attack\" at the gurdwara on August 5, the resolution which was introduced last week by Republican vice-presidential candidate Congressman Paul Ryan offers condolences to the families, friends and loved ones who were killed in the attack.It also honors the selfless, dedicated service of the emergency response teams and law enforcement officials who responded to the attack.Co-sponsored by Congressman Ed Royce, Co-chair of the Congressional Caucus on India and Indian Americans, and seven other lawmakers, the resolution remains hopeful that the citizens of this country will come together united in a shared desire for peace and justice while standing with the Sikh community to grieve the loss of life.\"With its passage, the US House of Representatives has now made an important statement,\" Royce said following the unanimous passage of the Congressional resolution.Other co-sponsors to the resolution were Congressmen Tammy Baldwin; Sean Duffy; Ron Kind; Gwen Moore, Thomas E Petri; Reid J Ribble; and F James Sensenbrenner .\"I was horrified by the shootings, which unfolded in a place of worship. Over the years, I've had the opportunity to work closely with the Sikh community, which has made countless contributions to our country,\" Royce said.\"While this resolution might not ease the pain of those affected by this tragedy, it does display our commitment to religious tolerance, to show that we denounce hate-inspired violence,\" he said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16394853", "title": "Kashmir Mufti asks US citizens to leave Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: The top clergyman in Srinagar, Mufti Azam Bashiruddin, on Thursday asked US citizens to leave the Kashmir valley immediately to avoid public wrath in the wake of video clips on the web that disparage Prophet Mohammed.Speaking to the TOI, the Mufti, the self-appointed chief justice of the 'shariat' (Islamic) court in Kashmir, asked people to observe complete strike on Friday in protest against the film.\"I strongly condemn the act and appeal to Kashmiris to register their protest against the film and even attack US citizens if they are seen anywhere in the Valley from tomorrow,\" the Mufti Azam said.Interestingly, the Mufti only recently nominated his son Nasirul Islam as his successor. Nasirul, too, visited the US in January this year for about a month, a sources told the ToI.The Jammu &amp; Kashmir government, too, strongly denounced the act of desecration saying such acts are aimed at causing discord among the people of different faiths.The official spokesman said, \"Such a video causes great anguish among the peace loving people. Posting such clips on social media sites is not acceptable. The government is making every effort to ensure that such blasphemous clips are blocked and removed from the cyberspace.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391615", "title": "MCC wants apartments to process organic waste", "text": "MANGALORE: At a time when an apartment block in Jayanagar 4th Block, Bangalore, is segregating waste into eight different categories, Mangalore City Corporation is mulling making it mandatory for flats to handle organic waste at source. This comes close on the heels of an yet-to-be officially codified directive of MCC that has made sewage treatment plants must for all new residential projects with more than 25 dwelling units.This new step would mean project developers would now have to factor setting up a bio-gas plant as well for future residential projects. While the proposed policy is in its infancy stage, environmental officers of MCC have started going round major residential flats in select areas creating awareness on the need to segregate waste at source . This step will also make the city ready for the time when two of the three packages pertaining to solid waste management gets official nod for implementation even as the government has cleared the third package pertaining to compost plant/landfill site at Pachchanady. The stop-gap arrangement for which MCC is inviting tenders shortly till such time that two packages are officially cleared entails door-to-door collection of waste segregated at source.K Harish Kumar, MCC commissioner, said segregation of waste into organic and inorganic is being tried out in two wards on a pilot basis. \"It is an attempt at zero waste management,\" he said, adding if organic waste is utilised locally, it will benefit the community in terms of biogas that can be used for various purposes. Converting organic waste to gas is any day cheaper compared to transporting it to landfill.This idea will be placed before the council for its approval; commissioner told TOI, adding that while it would have been prudent for each of the 60 wards in the city to have their own biogas plants, non-availability of land to do so is a major hindrance. At present, MCC's only biogas plant set up with assistance from Bhaba Atomic Research Centre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16391484", "title": "NMC to form new policy on acquiring land", "text": "NASHIK: The NMC has decided to form a new policy on land acquisition for civic purposes in the NMC's Development Plan (DP).The decision was taken after three different proposals for the acquisition of the land, including one for 30-m road DP from Agartakali Road to Godavari-Nasardi Conflux Bridge, was tabled on Thursday at the NMC meeting. Chairman Uddhav Nimse adjourned all proposals of land acquisitions and directed the town planning department to table all the proposals of the land acquisition together to take a policy decision.Nimse directed the municipal commissioner to take policy a decision. Nimse also instructed the town planning department to hold meetings with the land owners and convince them for acquisition of lands against TDR. Municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said that the priority of land acquisitions will be decided first. Priority would be given to the major projects like DP roads and ring roads. The policy decision is this connection will be taken shortly, he said.Earlier, Ajay Boraste from the Shiv Sena said, \"Priority must be given to the DP roads, ring roads and other such major projects. All the proposals of the land acquisition must be tabled together by the town planning department at the meeting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388841", "title": "Battle of Grandmasters in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: Orange City will once again be gripped in chess fever. Four weeks from now, 30 Grandmasters (GM), 40 International Masters (IM) and several Fide rated players from across the world will make their presence felt in the nine-day Nagpur Improvement Trust International GM Open Chess Championship. It will be for the first time in four years that a tournament of such magnitude will be held in the city.The high-profile tournament, to be conducted by the Nagpur District Chess Association (NDCA), offers a total prize money of Rs 16 lakh with the winner pocketing Rs 3 lakh along with a glittering trophy which will be specially designed in Jaipur. Besides cash prizes, special rewards will also be awarded in various categories. The top three Vidarbha players in both the men and women category would also be richer with handsome cash rewards. Given the magnitude of this event, the total expenditure is likely to be around Rs 60 lakh, informed Praveen Darade, chairman NIT, who is also the chairman of the organizing committee.The tournament, scheduled to start from October 15 at the Naivedhyam Celebrations Centre, North Ambazari Road, will feature around 250 participants from countries like Russia, Ukraine, Belarus, Uzbekistan, Kazakistan, Australia, England, South Africa , Pakistan, Sri Lanka, Bangladesh and host India.Around 22 GMs have already confirmed their entries with Ukarine's Kravtsiv Martin and Russian youngster Ivan Popov and Aleksi Aleksandrov being the higher rated ones. Amongst the Indian GMs, junior national champion Sahej Grover, Deepan Chakrawarty, Abhijit Kunte, RR Laxman, Swati Ghate and Kiran Manisha Mohanty have already confirmed their participation.\"It is our great honour to play host to the GM Championship for the first time ever. This rare distinction has come our way due to our outstanding record in conducting several national ranking and most importantly the Commonwealth Chess Championship in a highly professional and efficient manner and I am sure we will ensure another successful tourney,\" Manoj Itkelwar, the organizing secretary, told TOI.The championship, which is being conducted under the auspices of All India Chess Federation on behalf of International Chess Federation (FIDE), is likely to witness plenty of thrill and drama. Members of the NDCA, Vidarbha Chess Association and Maharashtra Chess Association are working hard for the success of the meet.The last date to confirm entries is September 30. For late entries the cut off date with late fees is October 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16389276", "title": "Resurveyed maps of Bardez go online", "text": "MAPUSA: The directorate of settlement and land records launched the 'resurvey of maps' - an integrated land document for city properties for Bardez taluka at a function in Mapusa on Thursday. With the launching of the resurvey of maps and the website, the public can view and print the land documents sitting at home.The function was attended by revenue minister Francis D'Souza, water resources minister Dayanand Mandrekar, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar, Tivim MLA Kiran Kandolkar, Porvorim MLA Rohan Khaunte, director of settlement and land records Mihir Vardhan.Under resurveying, all changes that have taken place on the ground over a period of more than 40 years are being mapped to prepare up-to-date plans. \"There was a need for the resurvey of maps as various developments were not reflected in the old revenue survey maps,\" Mihir Vardhan said. The digitized maps prepared after resurvey will be of multifold use for various government departments to take up new developmental works.The ground work of the resurveying was started on 2008. There were about 100 objections while resurveying. The work was completed about two month ago. The department has also started the website www.dharnaksh.com where the resurveyed maps will be available online.\"There is a credit card payment facility where after payment you can download the document and certify it with the mamlatdar,\" revenue minister Francis D'Souza said.D'Souza said that it is happening for the first time in India. Within two months the website has had about 12,000 hits. \"Mostly visitors of the website are Goans settled in USA, UK, and other parts of the world,\" Vardhan said.The facility will bring about transparency in land records. So far about 800 people have applied for land documents under resurvey maps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394536", "title": "Diabetes may up breast cancer risk", "text": "Experts say post-menopausal women who have Type 2 diabetes may be at greater risk of developing breast cancer .An international team examined 40 separate studies looking at the potential link between breast cancer and diabetes. These studies involved more than 56,000 women with breast cancer.Being obese or overweight has been linked to both conditions. But cancer experts say there may be a direct connection between the two.The researchers found that post-menopausal women with Type 2 diabetes had a 27 percent increased risk of breast cancer. But there was no link for pre-menopausal women or those with Type 1 diabetes.Writing in the British Journal of Cancer , the researchers have suggested that a high body mass index (BMI), which is often associated with diabetes, may be an underlying contributing factor.\"We don't yet know the mechanisms behind why Type 2 diabetes might increase the risk of breast cancer,\" the BBC quoted Prof Peter Boyle , president of the International Prevention Research Institute, who led the study, as saying.\"On the one hand, it's thought that being overweight, often associated with Type 2 diabetes, and the effect this has on hormone activity may be partly responsible for the processes that lead to cancer growth.\"But it's also impossible to rule out that some factors related to diabetes may be involved in the process,\" he stated.Martin Ledwick, head information nurse at Cancer Research UK, added \"From this study, it's not clear whether there's a causal link between diabetes and the risk of breast cancer in post-menopausal women.\"But as we know that having a high BMI can contribute to an increased risk of both Type 2 diabetes and breast cancer, it makes sense for women to try and maintain a healthy weight,\" he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16392809", "title": "Bomb explodes in intelligence office complex in Manipur", "text": "IMPHAL: A bomb exploded in the office complex of the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW) and special bureau in Imphal west district of Manipur but no casualty was reported, officials said on Friday.The bomb, which was an improvised explosive devices (IED) was allegedly planted by suspected insurgents with a timer, went off on Friday partly damaging some trees but no one was hurt, they said.The spot where the bomb exploded is just behind the Lamphel police station, they said, adding that an investigation would be conducted how the bomb was planted or hurled in the office complex of the central intelligence agencies in the high-security area.The incident occurred barely 12 hours after a powerful grenade, allegedly hurled by the insurgents, was found on Wednesday last inside the heavily-guarded complex of the Manipur secretariat (south block).Banned Revolutionary People's Front (RPF), political wing of the People's Liberation Army (PLA), in a statement claimed responsibility for the bomb attack at RAW office alleging the office was involved in informing the whereabouts of insurgents, strategy adopted by ultras.Thursday's explosion was the fifth of its kind by insurgents this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388726", "title": "One day hunger strike at Central Jail", "text": "NAGPUR: Around 31 men and seven women , all allegedly connected to the Naxal movement and other such outfits, observed a daylong hunger strike on Thursday in the Nagpur Central Jail. They were demanding status of political prisoners on the 83rd death anniversary of revolutionary Jatin Das.In British India, Das had died during a hunger strike seeking the status of political prisoner for himself and other compatriots in the jail. It is learnt that the prisoners refused to take their breakfast and rest of the meals during their daylong hunger strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16390991", "title": "VTU supplementary exams put on hold", "text": "BANGALORE: A division bench of the Karnataka High Court ordered keeping in abeyance the single bench order asking the Visvesvaraya Technological University to notify the date for conduct of supplementary exams for about 30,000 engineering students.The division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen passed this order after hearing two writ appeals, one by VTU and another by aggrieved students denied interim relief by the single bench. The next hearing is on Sept. 18.While students, who have become ineligible to join the fifth semester on account of non-clearance of certain subjects from previous semesters, claimed they were not given the same benefit (supplementary exams) by the single bench as given to students who joined the course in 2011-12.VTU has claimed that guidelines with regards to autonomous institutions are governed by AICTE regulations and cannot be equated with their regulations. The single bench, while asking for conduct of supplementary exams and special classes for 2011-12 students, had refused to extend the same benefit to students who became ineligible for joining the firth and seventh semesters as they did not challenge these regulations when they joined the third semester.BBMP asked to file affidavitA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen on Thursday directed the BBMP commissioner to file an affidavit with regard to contentions raised by petitioners that in nine instances the civic body has granted permission in Malleswaram. This despite the January 25, 2012 order asking it not to permit any re-construction or re-development in areas classified as purely residential.The order was passed after counsel for petitioners told the court that RTI information revealed this information and it amounts to contempt of court. Bangalore-based Citizen Action Forum , in its PIL, claimed that the Master Plan 2015, notified by the BDA on June 25, 2007 was without jurisdiction.Plea against junkets deferredA division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen deferred the hearing of a PIL by HS Neelakantappa against foreign tours by Karnataka legislators. The petitioner sought time to place the orders governing travel.\"Eleven MLAs went on a study trip to Argentina. But they visited Alligator Park and Monkey Park. The cost should be recovered from them. The second trip has been cancelled,\" he told the court. \"How do we tell them not to visit Monkey Park? Their business is not our business. Anyway the purpose of your PIL has been served,\" the Chief Justice observed.Filed by P Vasanth Kumar, cleared by sita/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392643", "title": "Rajinikanth to play God in OMG's Tamil remake", "text": "H e is no less a God for his legions of fans. And if all goes well, Rajinikanth  may well play himself that is God - in the Tamil version of OMG Oh My God. Of late, Ashwini Yardi, Akshay Kumar's business partner in Grazing Goat Productions, which is producing OMG Oh My God, starring Paresh Rawal and Akshay Kumar , had been fielding enquiries from the south about whether she was interested in selling the rights of the film.In fact just a few days ago, south filmmaker Krishna Prasad flew in to Mumbai to meet her. Prasad happens to know Rekha and Chinni Prakash, the couple who've choreographed a few songs in OMG Oh My God. The choreographers confirmed the meeting and added, \"Prasad has shown a keen interest in remaking OMG Oh My God in Tamil.\"A source told TOI, \"The meeting was fruitful. Prasad will soon be making a film with Rajinikanth's son-in-law Dhanush. He will use his good offices with Rajini to rope him for the south remake of Oh My God.\"And with God (read Rajini) most probably on board Prasad's remake, Yardi and Akshay are now considering a joint production with the filmmaker. \"If you get Rajinikanth on board, the film becomes huge, doesn't it? It's but natural for Yardi and even Akshay to think of a joint venture,\" said the source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391682", "title": "Cases against audit department officials", "text": "LUCKNOW: On the directions of CM Akhilesh Yadav , a case has been registered against district audit officer, local audit department, Varanasi, under Anti-Corruption Act and the investigation of the case has been handed over to UP vigilance department.ML Gupta, principal of the Industrial Training Institute, Ballia has been suspended and disciplinary inquiry has been initiated against him. The district audit officer, local audit department Jawahar Lal has been found guilty of not following office rules besides other things. He has been ordered to be transferred to a distant place. On the other hand, Gupta allowed mass copying during all India vocational examination 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16391559", "title": "Mystery deepens: Coptic Christian behind anti-Prophet film?", "text": "WASHINGTON: The man described by the Israeli government as an \"unspeakable idiot\" who made what critics say is an unwatchable anti-Islam film is now trying to be untraceable. Media hounds initially turned up with zilch in a search of public records for 'Sam Bacile', whose crude celluloid caricature of the Prophet sparked off violence in the Libya and Egypt .But the AP zeroed in on a man named Nakoula Basseley Nakoula, who, while denying he was Sam Bacile, acknowledged a role in managing and providing logistics for the production of the film 'Innocence of Muslims' which has agitated Islamists for ridiculing the Prophet and Islam.While Bacile's associates said he variously spelled his last name as Basil, Basilee etc, federal court papers showed Nakoula's aliases included Nicola Bacily, Erwin Salameh and other names that sounded like Bacile. Tthe cellphone number where it found 'Bacile' for his first interview had the same address in Los Angeles where Nakaoula was traced.It turns out that while Bacile was initially portrayed as a Jewish Israeli-American ( the Israeli government disavowed any association with him, calling him an 'unspeakable idiot'), Nakaoula is a Coptic Christian settled in the US. He also has a criminal conviction for financial shenanigans in the country.From all accounts, 'Bacile' teamed up with Morris Sadek, a fellow Coptic Christian in the US, and a fundamental American Christian pastor Terry Jones, to promote the mediocre and offensive film. In fact, few people have seen more than a few minutes of the film, and there are doubts if it was even completed. But the little that is online is so crude and contrived that it wasn't even taken seriously till Islamist mobs made it world-famous.Meanwhile, actors in the film said they were misled about the project and some of their dialogue was dubbed during post-production.\"The entire cast and crew are extremely upset and feel taken advantage of by the producer. We are 100% not behind this film and were grossly misled about its intent and purpose. We are shocked by the drastic rewrites of the script and lies that were told to all involved,\" the LA Times quoted the actors as saying.One of the actresses who identified herself as Cindy Lee Garcia of California, said she answered a casting call last year to appear in a movie titled 'Desert Warrior'. But somewhere along the way, it was changed to 'Innocence of Muslims', apparently to beguile Muslims into seeing it, and offensive references to the Prophet were overlaid on the soundtrack.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "16390765", "title": "Students block highway at Sirsa", "text": "SIRSA: Students of Chaudhary Devi Lal Memorial Engineering College on Thursday blocked the national highway 10 here after two students were allegedly beaten up by a security guard of the college. Initially, they boycotted classes and blocked the road near Odhan village, where the college is situated, before coming to Sirsa to meet the deputy commissioner to hand over a memorandum of demands.A heavy police force was also called to maintain law and order situation near the bus stand, where the students blocked the NH-10, which connects Bathinda-Sirsa to Delhi.The students then marched to the district headquarters and handed over a memorandum against the director of the college, who allegedly ordered to thrash two students, Suraj Kumar and Vishal.Agitating students said, \"We are protesting against the college administration over poor facilities in our hostel and mess. There is not even proper drinking water facility. We had protested over this issue on September 10 and today a security guard bashed up two students. We want a new director in our college.\"College director D S Mor denied the allegations leveled against him, saying, \"How can a college director order a security guard to thrash the students. We are giving better facilities to the students in hostel. And now that I know about the drinking water problem, the college administration will sort out the matter soon. All the allegations leveled against me are baseless.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16391501", "title": "Security in place for Ganesha fest", "text": "BIJAPUR: MLA Appasaheb Pattanashetty, deputy commissioner Shivayogi Kalasad and in-charge superintendent of police F A Trasger held a meeting with office-bearers of Gajanana Utsav Mandal to chalk out various arrangements for Ganesha installation and immersion.The police plan to put in tight security measures throughout the city during the festival period.A single window system has been introduced at Gandhi Chowk police station to obtain permission for idol installation. All the necessary permissions from Hescom, the municipality and the police will be available at this single place. CCTV cameras will be installed in sensitive areas in the city to monitor the celebrations closely, the SP said. For immersing big idols in the historical Taj Bawadi well, a crane facility will be provided.Kalasad advised the office-bearers to keep away from trouble.Gajanan Utsav Maha Mandal president Shankar Kumbar, Municipal president Parashuram Rajaput, BDA chairperson Bhimashankar Hadanur and environment engineer Jagadish. About 200 Gajanana Yuvak Mandal office-bearers participated in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390364", "title": "CME marks World Sepsis Day in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: To mark the World Sepsis Day (September 13), the Varanasi Society of Critical Care Medicine organized a continuing medical education ( CME) programme on Thursday.According to the organizers, Sepsis, a preventable disease, is causing more deaths globally than any other disease. Almost every fourth patient admitted in hospital for more than 72 hours gets infected.Irrational use of antibiotic causes multi-drug resistance organism which in turn causes death. World Sepsis Day is celebrated to create awareness about prevention and successful management of this disease.Speaking on the occasion, Prof Gopal Nath, department of Microbiology, Institute of Medical Sciences, Banaras Hindu University (IMS-BHU), delivered a talk on infection control in hospitals.He emphasized that hand wash with soap water before and after touching the patient prevents the spread of infection to other healthy individuals. It should be practiced regularly and must be scrutinized intensively by the hospital administration, he added.While delivering his talk on 'how to prevent death due to Sepsis', president of the society, Prof DK Singh said, \"the practice of 'Gau Mutra Sevan and Swa Mutra Sevan' is getting a place in the modern day.A drug, Urilastatin derived from human urine, has decreased the death rate due to sepsis globally in its initial clinical trial.\" He emphasized on minimal and rational use of antibiotic. General secretary of the society, Dr AP Singh said the routine hand wash with soap before meal, use of boiled cooled water, fresh cooked meals and maintenance of cleanliness in the surrounding would prevent the society from getting infection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390377", "title": "Red sanders worth 15L seized near Thiruverkadu", "text": "CHENNAI: Police seized about 50kg of red sanders, worth nearly 15 lakh, at Thiruverkadu on Wednesday night.Police said a team conducting routine checks signaled a car to stop. The occupants of the vehicles abandoned it and escaped. After a search revealed the red sanders, police launched a probe and are looking for the owner of the vehicle.Red sanders is in huge demand in some countries for making musical intruments. Directorate of Revenue Intelligence sleuths, too, have time and again seized crores of rupees worth of the precious wood from gangs trying to send it overseas.A few days ago, police raided a rice mill near Tiruttani, about 80km from Chennai, and seized red sanders worth 1 crore. One person was arrested in this connection.Red sanders, which grow in plenty in the forest areas of Nagari, Tirupati and Puthur in Andhra Pradesh, are smuggled out of the state in small quantities by gangs and later exported abroad.The export of red sanders, a protected tree species which is used to make musical instruments and which is also said to have medicinal properties, has been banned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "16391786", "title": "Keri woman jumps into a well with son, ends lives", "text": "MAPUSA: A woman from Keri committed suicide on Thursday by jumping into a well along with her seven-month-old son, police said.The incident took place at around 9.50am when Archi Shirodkar, 34, along with her son Kanak, jumped into the well near her house. Archi also has a four- year-old son.Archi's mother-in-law saw her jumping in the well and screamed for help. Within minutes neighbours and the sarpanch gathered at the site.Sources said that the Keri sarpanch, Francis Rodrigues, jumped into the well and brought Archi and Kanak out from the water.Archi breathed her last while being removed out from the well while Kanak was already dead.The deceased woman was from Keri village and was married to a man working in the electricity department from the same village.Pernem police conducted the panchanama and sent the body for post mortem. Since the death has taken place within seven years of marriage, the Pernem deputy collector is investigating the matter.Sources informed that Archi was under stress due to certain domestic reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16390511", "title": "MLA threatens two men in land deal", "text": "MADURAI: Nagercoil MLA Nanjil Murugesan has allegedly threatened some petitioners who came to the office of the superintendent of police in Kanyakumari to make an allegation of land grabbing against him.Sources said people of a community had sought the help of the MLA to evict some Muslims who were occupying a portion of a land which belonged to them, in Keelasarakkavilai. The MLA had fulfilled their demand with the help of his henchmen and had allegedly asked for three acres from them as \"payment for his services\".Meanwhile, he had started inviting applications from his partymen to purchase these three acres. The Nanjil City Jaya Peravai secretary, Madavan Pillai, had come forward to buy a portion of the land and made a payment of Rs 8 lakh for the same. Prabaharan, a DMDK functionary and relative of the MLA, contributed Rs 1.5 lakh too.But Murugesan did not transfer the land in their names and also refused to give back the money. Hence, Prabaharan had gone to submit a petition in this regard to the Kanyakumari SP, accompanied by some women.On coming to know about this move, the MLA came to the police station and threatened the petitioners including Prabaharan in front of the police. But no action was taken against him, the petitioners alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388355", "title": "Restricted water supply in West Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation's water works depertment and private contractor OCWL are taking up repair work of Seminary Hills Water Tank for better water management on September 16 and 17, 2012. Therefore, there will be no water supply on these days from this tank. So, during this period, Laxmi Nagar, Mangalwari, Gandhibagh and Dharampeth areas will not get water while Hanuman Nagar and Dhantoli will get restricted water supply. Citizens are requested to store sufficient water and cooperate with NMC and OCWL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391068", "title": "2 Iucaa scientists get Indian citation award", "text": "PUNE: Two scientists from the Inter-University Centre for Astronomy and Astrophysics (Iucaa) and eight others from the country have received the Indian Citation Award 2012 conceived by Thomson Reuters.Thanu Padmanabhan and Varun Sahni, the Iucaa scientists, received the award for their research in the field of theoretical physics and cosmology.The award is given to India-based scientists who have written multiple highly cited papers over the past decade. A threshold of at least five highly cited papers is the minimum requirement for selection in order to identify individuals who have repeatedly demonstrated high-impact contributions in their respective fields. Indian scientists who had previously been recognised at Thomson Reuters events in 2004, 2006 and 2009 were not considered for selection.After completing his PhD in 1985, Sahni did five years of post-doctoral work in UK. He joined Iucaa in 1991 and is currently a senior professor there. Sahni has made significant contributions to key areas of cosmology - including the early universe, gravity waves, dark energy, extra dimensional cosmology and gravitational clustering in an expanding universe.Padmanabhan joined Iucaa in 1992 and took over as its dean, core academic programmes, in 1997. He is the president of the Cosmology Commission of the International Astronomical Union and chairman of the Astrophysics Commission of the International Union of the Pure and Applied Physics. He has worked on the topic of gravity as an emergent phenomenon and has also worked on quantum cosmology, structure formation in the universe and statistical mechanics of gravitating systems.The Indian Citation Award is part of a series of Asia Pacific Research Days hosted by Thomson Reuters to recognise research excellence in the region demonstrating how various communities are leading the world through scientific discoveries and innovation in their respective fields.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392859", "title": "Siddharth Malhotra bags two-film-deal with Balaji", "text": "Very few newcomers have had it better. Even before his debut film, Student of the Year directed by KaranJohar,hits the silver screen, Siddharth Malhotra has been signed on for a two film deal by Balaji Motion Pictures' head honcho Ekta Kapoor .A source told TOI,\"Ekta saw the rushes of the SOTY promo and loved what she saw of Siddharth's performance. She got in touch with Karan to seek his opinion on him. Karan too was all praises for him.\"It's been something of a dream run for Siddharth, who was an assistant director in Karan's My Name Is Khan till KJo spotted him and cast him as one of the lead actors in SOTY According to the source,\"A meeting was arranged between Ekta and Siddharth.A quick chatlater,he was roped in for the two film deal, which is non-exclusive in case Siddharth wishes to work with some other production house as well.\"Ekta remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16390744", "title": "Mahapanchayat urges Centre to appoint jat judge in SC", "text": "ROHTAK: Close on the heels of a row over quota in promotions, the Sarv Khap Jat Mahapanchayat held at Danoda village of Jind district on Thursday urged the Centre to elevate a judge from the community to the Supreme Court.The mahapanchayat, which adopted the resolution by asking the gathering of around 4,000 people to raise their hands in support of it, said the jat community has been honest and fair-minded. \"The fact that no jat judge has reached the Supreme Court so far hurts our sentiments,\" the resolution said.Justice (retd) Devi Singh Tewatia, who was the chief justice of Calcutta high court in 1988, happens to be the only jat to have become an HC chief justice. He was set to join the apex court but took voluntary retirement.Talking to TOI, Justice Tewatia refused to express his opinion on the issue but said jat organizations could raise this demand. \"As representatives of the community, they are justified in raising the demand, but I would not comment on this,\" he said. The meeting was presided over by Nafe Singh Nain of the Binain Khap and attended by representatives of 141 khaps of Haryana and the neighbouring states of Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Delhi and Gujarat. Kuldeep Singh Danda, who convened the meeting, said khap representatives had recently met the chief minister but nothing had happene afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390867", "title": "Johl appointed chancellor of Central University of Punjab, Bathinda", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Acclaimed agriculture economist, policy-adviser and Padmabhushan awardee, Dr Sardara Singh Johl, 84, has been appointed as the first chancellor of the Central University of Punjab, Bathinda (CUPB) for a tenure of five years by the President of India.Besides being vice-chancellor of Punjabi University, Patiala and Punjab Agricultural University, Ludhiana. Dr Johl also served as national professor of agricultural economics, chairman, Commission for Agricultural Costs and Prices and member, economic advisory council , for four Prime Ministers of India.Apart from being an acclaimed academician, Dr Johl has also been dabbling in political arena and is currently patron of Manpreet Badal-led Peoples' Party of Punjab. Earlier, he was among the founders of Punjab Peoples' Party which was registered a few years back.He has been advocating a political alternative in Punjab and had been criticizing various government policies, especially on agriculture issues, without mincing words. Known for speaking out his mind, Dr Johl has been a strong votary of educating children at school level in mother tongue and had been writing on the issue. He authored an autobiography Ranga Di Gaggar in Punjabi which won wide acclaim in literary circles.Dr Johl was also director, central governing board of Reserve Bank of India and vice-chairman of Punjab State Planning Board. It was Captain Amarinder Singh who appointed Dr Johl as vice-chairman of state planning board but after bureaucracy blocked his suggestions, nothing happened on issues which were confronting the state. Dr Johl resigned and exposed the bureaucratic indifference to the problems.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16391388", "title": "Women's panel to probe harassament of teachers in state", "text": "RANCHI: Harassment of women at workplace is common but now such cases have increased in schools of Jharkhand. At the ongoing court of the Jharkhand State Women's Commission, which started on Tuesday, almost seven to eight cases of harassment of women teachers by the school administration came to light.Anuradha Chowdhary, a member of the panel, said, \"The cases are mostly from government-aided schools in Hazaribag and Chaibasa. A private school in Hazaribag has also come under the scanner.\"In all these cases, teachers who have been in service for over 15 years have been fired without notice. Chowdhary said, \"They have been removed on grounds of poor performance or reputation. Government-aided schools should follow government rules. They cannot arbitrarily remove teachers without consulting the officials concerned. Private schools also cannot remove teachers without serving them notice.\"Indramani Devi, a government-aided school teacher in Hazaribag, said: \"I have been teaching at the school for the past 20 years and I was suddenly told to go. The principal accused me of not doing my job properly and also taking money from students -- something I had never done in my entire career.\"Chowdhary felt the only reason the teachers are being harassed is because they are women. \"I think the administration fears that as these teachers have been teaching for a long time they can now get training from the government and get paid from the government directly. In that case the schools may lose control over them,\" he said.In each case the commission called both the parties to court. The school representatives maintained that the teachers were sacked because of poor performance and corrupt parctices. Chowdhary added, \"We have asked for a report from the schools. We'll also send a committee to all these schools to probe the each of these cases.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "jorhat", "code": "16390061", "title": "Fresh floods in Dhemaji, 1.5L hit", "text": "JORHAT: Over 1.5 lakh people of 180 villages in four revenue circles of Dhemaji district have been affected by a fresh wave of floods on Thursday. The district administration set up relief camps in all four circles for the flood victims.Personnel from the National Disaster Response Force (NDRF) and State Disaster Response Force (SDRF) have been engaged in rescue operations in Gogamukh and Sisiborgaon revenue circles. Officials said heavy rain in all parts of the northern Assam district and neighbouring Arunachal Pradesh since Wednesday have triggered floods in the district. The water level of almost all the tributaries of the Brahmaputra such as Jiadhol, Seman and Gainadi is rising and triggering panic among people.\"All rivers in the district are flowing above the danger mark since morning. According to reports received this afternoon, more than 180 villages under Dhemaji, Jonai, Sisiborgaon and Gogamukh are reeling under floods and over 1.5 lakh people have been affected so far. The whole district is now in danger and the situation may worsen in the next 12 hours,'' said Dhemaji additional deputy commissioner U K Boruah.He added, \"Due to heavy rain in the district since Wednesday, the situation has become critical.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389067", "title": "Youth gets 7-year jail for rape", "text": "NEW DELHI: A youth has been sentenced to seven years in jail by a Delhi court for raping and robbing a woman in her house.Additional sessions judge Yashwant Kumar sentenced 28-year-old Kanhaiya saying those who commit the rape are \"psychologically sadistic persons.\"\"Sexual offences constitute an altogether different kind of crime which is the result of a perverse mind. Those who commit rape are psychologically sadistic persons exhibiting this tendency in the rape forcibly committed by them.\"While the murder destroys the physical frame of his victim, a rapist degrades and defiles the soul of a helpless female,\" the judge said and also imposed a fine of Rs 30,000 on the convict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16391041", "title": "Himalaya glaciers melting rapidly in some regions", "text": "WASHINGTON: Glaciers in the eastern and central regions of the Himalayas, appear to be retreating at alarming rates, while those in the western parts are more stable and could be even growing, says a new report.A study report from the National Research Council examines how changes to glaciers in the Hindu Kush-Himalayan region, which covers eight countries across Asia, could affect the area's river systems, water supplies, and the South Asian population.The mountains in the region form the headwaters of several major river systems-including the Ganges, Mekong, Yangtze, and Yellow rivers, which serve as sources of drinking water and irrigation supplies for roughly 1.5 billion people.The entire Himalayan climate is changing, but how this change will impact specific places remains unclear, the committee that wrote the report, said. The Tibetan Plateau and the eastern Himalayas are warming, and the trend is more pronounced at higher elevations.Study models suggest that desert dust and black carbon, a component of soot, could contribute to the rapid atmospheric warming, accelerated snowpack melting, and glacier retreat.While glacier melt contributes water to the region's rivers and streams, retreating glaciers over the next several decades are unlikely to cause significant changes in water availability at lower elevations, which depend primarily on monsoon precipitation and snowmelt.Variations in water supplies in those areas are more likely to come from extensive extraction of groundwater resources, population growth, and shifts in water-use patterns. If the current rate of retreat continues, high elevation areas could have altered seasonal and temporal water flow in some river basins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16388220", "title": "IOC win battle of big guns", "text": "CHENNAI: Army XI failed to qualify for the semifinals of the MCC-Murugappa Gold Cup hockey tournament on Thursday after they slumped to a 1-2 loss to IOB. The result meant that BPCL progress from pool A on goal difference and join ONGC in the semifinals.Meanwhile, IOC faced Air India in one of the most anticipated matches of the tournament.Both teams had already qualified and the winner of the match would top the group and face BPCL in the semifinals.The IOC-Air India match was then halted for 45 minutes after a heavy downpour with just over eleven minutes remaining in the first half.Results: Indian Railways 2 (Bharath 28, Gagandeep 31,66) beat ICF 1 (R Babu); IOB 2 ( Rayer. 5, Rupinderpal 50) beat Army XI 1 (Jasrotia 51); IOC 3 (Prabhjot 30, Minz 51, Raghunath 58) beat Air India 2 (V Pillay 32, Joga 45).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16393084", "title": "CPM slams diesel price hike and restricting of LPG supply", "text": "KOLKATA: Slamming the Centre for hiking the price of diesel and restricting supply of cooking gas, CPM general secretary Prakash Karat on Friday said his party will hold discussions with other parties on organising a stir to press for roll back.\"Both the decisions of hiking the diesel price and restricting the supply of subsidised cooking to six cylinders per household in a year are going to hit the common people badly,\" he told reporters at the airport here.\"CPM has already strongly criticised the decision of the Centre. We are going to discuss with other parties as to how to organise a common movement to demand the rollback of the decision,\" he said.Karat was here in connection with a CPM state committee meeting.The government on Thursday hiked diesel prices by a steep Rs 5.62 per litre and restricted the supply of subsidised cooking gas to 6 cylinders per household in a year to fetch an additional Rs 20,300 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16388099", "title": "Indian tennis undergoing a phase of transition", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fresh, vivacious faces of a bunch of men in their early twenties make for a welcome change. Untouched by inter-personal bickering and unspoilt by the dirty politics that have come to characterize the Indian team in the recent dark years, these innocent youngsters are up for the healthy competition without compromising on mutual respect.Indian tennis is clearly in a phase of transition, and they know that the vacuum will have to be filled up sooner than later. Reputations will be made, new stars will be born, and so there is plenty to play for. The tie versus New Zealand, starting at the CLTA on Friday, could well mark a significant step towards stardom for the likes of Yuki Bhambri, Vishnu Vardhan and Divij Sharan.Yuki is a step ahead of the rest, in the sense that he has already made his move by breaking into the world's top 200 in singles. It's time for consolidation for the former junior Australian Open champion. For Vishnu and debutant Divij, the ensuing Davis Cup tie will throw up a far bigger test.Vishnu has been presented with the opportunity of playing both singles and doubles. A couple of impressive performances here will help him push for a singles slot in future Cup ties even when Somdev Devvarman returns to the squad and also stake claim for a doubles berth with Leander Paes in case the AITA sticks to its strong stand against Olympic rebels Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna .\"I'm really happy that the management has given me a dual responsibility,\" Vishnu said after Thursday's draw ceremony. \"I'm feeling fit for three days of tennis thanks to the great work done by the support staff... they have really taken good care of us.\"The Olympic experience and the time he spent with Paes have given Vishnu the confidence and belief that he can go places with the big game he has. \"I am more confident now and am looking forward to the challenges ahead.\"For Divij, getting selected at the eleventh hour has been a dream come true. At 26, the oldest member of the team, the Delhi boy thought he had missed the bus, till he made the decision to focus on doubles.\"Every budding tennis player grows up wanting to play Davis Cup... It hadn't happened for me earlier, so this is a dream moment for me. I used to play more singles earlier but there was a stage when I thought I should concentrate on doubles, and it seems to be paying off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16393689", "title": "Gang of burglars busted, four nabbed", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Gaziabad to Chandigarh in eight hours and returned after striking houses on the same day. It was the modus operadni of four members of a burglar gang, which was busted recently by crime branch of Chandigarh police.Four of the gang members have been held in Gaziabad in the connection of two robberies and Chandigarh police take them in the police police custody on September 7. The gang members were wanted in half a dozen cases of thefts and house burglaries, and in some of the cases, faces of burglars were captured in CCTV cameras installed inside the houses.DSP (crime) Satbir Singh said, \"Four faces were completely new for Chandigarh police because nobody out of four was arrested earlier in Chandigarh. The search efforts of police personnel led them to Gaziabad police, which was already haunting the same burglars, those were wanted to Chandigarh police. Accused used to cover the distance between Chandigarh and Gaziabad in a private car, which was also stolen from somewhere.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16394488", "title": "International stars pick IPL franchises over home teams in CLT20", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nine international cricketers, including Dwayne Bravo, Kieron Pollard and Brett Lee, have opted to play for their IPL franchises instead of their home teams in the Champions League Twenty20 scheduled next month.Champion domestic teams from a record eight countries will chase the $2.5 million first prize from a total pool (including participation fees) of $13 million, the organisers said in a statement.\"The fourth edition of the Champions League Twenty20 is only a few weeks away. The squads that will be playing in the tournament speak for themselves. They comprise the finest cricketing talent on this planet,\" said N. Srinivasan, chairman, CLT20 Governing Council.\"We are in for some extraordinary cricket, in what will surely be a thriller of a competition.\"Kieron Pollard, Michael Hussey, the Morkel brothers (Albie and Morne) and Sunil Narine were among the nine players named initially by more than one squad which required each player to nominate the team they would play for.All players chose to play for their 'away' team. So, Pollard will turn up for the Mumbai Indians instead of his home team of Trinidad and Tobago while Brett Lee (Sydney Sixers) will be in action for the Kolkata Knight Riders.\"Last year's tournament showed the fine line between making the finals and early elimination. Given the high stakes and small margin for error in the Qualifier and Group Stage, some of world cricket's biggest names who are eligible for more than one team have been in high demand,\" said Dean Kino, CLT20 Governing Council Member and Director of Legal and Business Affairs.\"According to CLT20 rules, if a player qualifies for more than one team, all those qualifying teams can nominate that player.\"When a player decides to play for an 'away' team rather than his 'home' team, the team from the country he is eligible to represent in international cricket, the 'away' team must pay $150,000 compensation to the 'home' team,\" he added.The Champions League Twenty20 will feature a record 14 teams from India (4), Australia (2), South Africa (2), England (2), New Zealand (1), Sri Lanka (1), West Indies (1) and Pakistan (1) for the first time.Eight teams have automatically qualified for the Group Stage while the remaining six teams will compete for the remaining two places via a Qualifier.The Qualifier will start on October 9 before the Group Stage on October 13. The final will be played on Sunday October 23 in Johannesburg.Last year's champion Mumbai Indians and 2010 champion Chennai Super Kings headline the returning teams. Both teams will be playing in their third CLT20 tournament along with Trinidad and Tobago, the 2009 CLT20 finalist.Of the other teams, Highveld Lions, Auckland Aces, Delhi Daredevils and Kolkata Knight Riders are making return visits.Six teams will be making their first appearance in the tournament -- England's Hampshire and Yorkshire, South Africa's Titans, Pakistan's Sialkot Stallions and Australia's two new Big Bash League Twenty20 teams, the Sydney Sixers and Perth Scorchers.Players nominated by more than one team:Dwayne Bravo - Trinidad &amp; Tobago/Chennai Super KingsFrancois du Plessis - Titans/Chennai Super KingsSunil Narine - Trinidad &amp; Tobago/Kolkata Knight RidersMichael Hussey - Perth Scorchers/Chennai Super KingsMitchell Johnson - Perth Scorchers/Mumbai IndiansBrett Lee - Sydney Sixers/Kolkata Knight RidersAlbie Morkel - Titans/Chennai Super KingsMorne Morkel - Titans/Delhi DaredevilsKieron Pollard - Trinidad &amp; Tobago/Mumbai Indians.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar/cuttack", "code": "16391180", "title": "Naveen vows action on Sept 6 clash", "text": "BHUBANESWAR/CUTTACK: Without naming Congress leader Jagdish Tytler whose arrest has been demanded by the ruling BJD for the September 6 clash here, chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Thursday said action would be taken against those responsible.\"As far as the incidents of September 6 are concerned, action will be taken as per the provisions of law against those responsible,\" Naveen told reporters here.Tytler, the AICC in-charge, arrived in Bhubaneswar on Wednesday night and shared a dais with Union minister of state in the PMO V Narayanswamy at a press conference during the day.Tytler refused to comment on the issue. \"I am in politics for 40 years. Do not provoke me to say anything. I will hold a press meet soon.\"Tytler is among others against whom the police have registered cases under several sections of the IPC for the clash.The development came a day after the state Congress women's wing gheraoed the DGP's office, demanding stringent action against the police personnel who allegedly attacked women workers during the party's rally in Bhubaneswar on September 6. The women workers also submitted a memorandum to the DGP regarding the incident.\"Large number of women workers were beaten up brutally by the police during the rally. We want justice for them. The DGP should take stringent action against the police personnel who attacked the women workers during the rally,\" said Bijaylaxmi Sahoo, president of the Congress women's wing. She also threatened to intensify the agitation if their demands were not fulfilled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "16388716", "title": "Hubby eliminates pregnant wife with help of friends", "text": "YAVATMAL: The anti riot squad of Yavatmal police cracked the murder case in which the body of a young woman Dipika Nalamwar (27) was found under the culvert on the Nagpur-Tulzapur National Highway near Bothbodan village.Dipika's husband Abhijit (26) and his two accomplices Pravin Mamidwar (24) and Madhav Bolke (26) have been arrested in the case.The trio has confessed to having committed the murder of Dipika, a resident of Nanded district, by strangulating her after kidnapping from an Arni-based cyber cafe on September 4.Dipika was married to Abhijit, also a resident of Nanded, about 18 months ago. They were cousins and Dipika was one year Abhijit's senior.However, the two started having quarrels over petty issues and Dipika used to go to her parents in Arni. Even as differences continued to grow between the two, Dipika became pregnant.On August 25, a two-and-a-half month pregnant Dipika went to her parents in Arni alone. This is when Abhijit, who had apparently been toying with the idea of eliminating her, opened his mind before his two friends Pravin and Madhav, both residents of Nanded and sought their help. After initial reluctance, the two agreed to help Abhijeet.The trio made two unsuccessful attempts to kill Dipika on August 26 and 29. However, on September 4, Pravin and Madhav noticed Dipika going to a cyber cafe alone. They immediately contacted Abhijit and asked to him to tell Dipika to come out of the cafe as he is waiting for her in the car with a gift.When Dipika went to the car, she saw Pravin and Madhav but as Abhijeet had told her to expect them, she did not suspect anything. The duo drove the car towards Yavatmal and after a short distance, Pravin strangulated Dipika in the car itself.They disposed of the body at an isolated spot and escaped to Pusad. On the way, their car turned turtle in Dhundi jungle near Pusad and the duo spent their night in the forest. Next day, they picked up the car and towed it to Pusad with the help of a tractor where they repaired the car and escaped to Nanded.On September 6, somebody found the dead body and informed the Yavatmal rural police who rushed to the spot and conducted the panchnama. Meanwhile, Dipika's parents identified the body. The post mortem report confirmed that she had been strangulated.Initially, there was no breakthrough in the investigation, and SP Ranjankumar Sharma handed over the investigation to the Anti Riot Squad PSI Nilesh Brahmane. His team arrested Abhijeet and on the basis of his confession, they arrested Pravin and Madhav from Nanded on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "miller ganj", "code": "16391367", "title": "Ramgarhia girls win baseball championship", "text": "MILLER GANJ: The baseball team of Ramgarhia Girls College clinched the gold medal at Panjab University Inter-college Baseball Championship held recently at Chandigarh. The team comprised Akwinder, Amritpeet, Amandeep, Manisha, Renu, Ramandeep, Harjinder, Shanaz, Kulbeer, Pooja, Rajvinder, Poonamjeet, Sandeep, Kirandeep, Harpreet and Praveen. Excited about the win, captain Akwinder said, \"It was a team effort and we are looking forward to giving our best at the inter-university tournament to be held in Delhi.\" Akwinder, Amritpreet, Harjinder, Shanaz and Manisha have been selected from Ramgarhia Girls College to represent the university. Principal Narinder Sandhu congratulated the team and their coaches P M Passi and Nirmaljeet Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390341", "title": "Cong MLA gets SC reprieve", "text": "HYDERABAD: Congress MLA Janardhan Thatraj on Thursday earned a reprieve from the Supreme Court which stayed the Andhra Pradesh high court ruling which set aside his election from the Kurupam assembly constituency in Vizianagaram district.The apex court said the MLA could attend the house proceedings but barred him from taking part in any voting procedures in the assembly. Thatraj welcomed the verdict. The HC annulled his election in August this year on the grounds that he did not belong to the Scheduled Tribes community for which the assembly seat was reserved.A petition against Thatraj was filed by TDP leader N Jayaraj, contending that Thatraj's election was invalid as he does not belong to the tribal community. Thatraj, nephew of environment minister Vijayarama Raju, won the Kurupam seat in the 2009 elections defeating TDP candidate Jayaraj. With the local Adivasi Vikas Parishad protesting against his election, Jayaraj moved a petition in the HC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16381606", "title": "'I felt cheated that I missed watching Yuvi step onto the field to play again'", "text": "The whole nation watched with bated breath the other day as Yuvraj Singh took to the field to play his first cricket match after his recovery from cancer. But the one person, who'd eagerly been waiting for this moment, missed it. That's Yuvraj's mother Shabnam, who has been his strength through his traumatic phase.Shabnam's flight was endlessly delayed as a result of which she could not make it to the stadium on time and missed watching the first half when India was fielding. \"I felt cheated! I had been waiting for this moment and there I was helpless not able to reach the place,\" she says. Shabnam prefers watching Yuvraj bowl because she gets too anxious when he is batting. \"Of course, this time I saw him bat. He had told his friends to keep me tied to the seat and also take funny pictures of mine when I get anxious,\" she laughs.There was a lot of hype over Yuvraj's return to the game, something that can put a lot of pressure on anybody. Agrees his mother, \"It is very difficult to carry one billion expectations on your shoulders. But Yuvi remained calm. In fact, he was very disappointed when it rained at Vizag and the match was called off. This time he kept praying that it should not rain.\" Post-match when they met, he was upset that the team had lost. \"He kept saying 'I could have done it. Why did I get out at that point'?\"Now all eyes are on the World Cup. Shabnam may not join Yuvi there, but she is naturally concerned about his food, medications etc. However, since his manager is with him, she is at ease. \"Yes, but I'm constantly in touch with them,\" she says.All these years, Yuvraj was in the news often for his personal life, be it about women or talks of his marriage. Now, the focus has shifted totally to his cricket, something Shabnam is glad about. \"I'm happy people today are talking about his comeback and the game. Earlier, there were times when he was projected as somebody who was casual about things, but that was never the case. He has always been clear about his priorities. It's his passion for the game that has helped him return to it.\"And what about the same old topic of Yuvi's marriage? \"That will happen when it has to. The day he finds somebody who is compatible with him, I'm sure he will tie the knot. But till then, nobody needs to worry about that,\" signs off Shabnam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16390799", "title": "Revenue board gets 522 cases of dam encroachments", "text": "JAIPUR: The state government had sent 522 cases of dam encroachments for the consideration of revenue board, out of which only 34 cases have been disposed of so far. This was stated by the government in the high court on Thursday.Registrar, Board of Revenue, Hemant Shesh filed the details before Justice M N Bhandari on Thursday. The court then asked the registrar to file a report on October 1 about the nature of decisions taken in the 34 disposed of cases highlighting as to in how many cases the board had declared the constructions etc as encroachment and ordered their removal. Further, the court has enquired as to what action has been taken for execution of the order of the Board of Revenue.It was also brought to the notice of court that a special bench has also been constituted in the Board of Revenue to hear such cases. The court has also asked the court-appointed monitoring committee to judge the veracity of the statement made on affidavit filed by government officials regarding the compliance of court's earlier order and stating that the encroachments have been removed.\"We will go to the spot to ascertain whether encroachments in the Ramgarh dam catchment as given out have been removed or not. Further, the government has been asked to look into the large number of encroachments in the catchment of Kukas dam and Manoharpura area of Ramgarh belt,\" said Virendra Dangi, senior advocate and member of the committee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391146", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival: Mandals urged to take temporary power connection", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited has urged public Ganesh mandals to take official temporary connections for the Ganesh festival starting from September 19 and warned that no compensation will be given in case a mishap happens because of illegal tapping of electricity.A statement issued by the distribution company said that temporary electricity connections are given at concessional tariff as approved by the Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission. \"Electricity is supplied at Rs 3.27 paise per unit plus fuel charges for temporary connections given for religious festivals. The tariff is even lower than what domestic consumers are charged. So illegally tapping electricity from a domestic connection will not only prove costly but can also cause accidents,\" the statement said.The distribution company has said that public Ganesh mandals must approach only authorised electrical contractors for illuminations at the pandals. \"Care should be taken to ensure that the wires used for illumination are capable of sustaining the load as it will prevent short circuits. Mandals use tin sheets for the pandals and any loose contact or broken wires can cause interruptions and accidents,\" the statement added.The company further said that decorations and pandals should be away from low or high tension supply lines and transformers. Mandal workers and office bearers have been asked to keep ready contact numbers of local officials of the distribution company in case of emergencies.The statement also said that independent neutral must be taken for generators and temporary connections. \"In case of load-shedding, generators are used and if there is common neutral, power from the generator charges the electricity supply line which can be dangerous,\" the statement added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "16391563", "title": "Two get life term for murder", "text": "BIJAPUR: The fast track session court sentenced two persons for life and imposed a penalty of Rs 15,000 each for murdering a man.Dattatrey Sripatiray Biradar alias Dattu and Sanjeev Jadadhari Kakkalameli of Bommanahalli village in Sindagi taluk hacked Bheerappa Gangappa Pujari to death in a bus stand on December 25, 2008. They then threw the dead body in Malaghan canal to cover up their crime.The dead body was found in the canal on January 10, 2009. Based on missing complaint filed by the victim's father and the body found, Sindagi police conducted an investigation and filed a charge sheet against the two with 25 evidences. After verifying the evidences, judge V B Suryavamshi pronounced the verdict.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390020", "title": "65% of entomologists\u2019 posts lying vacant", "text": "NEW DELHI: India has less than one entomologist (those who study insects and vectors) sanctioned per state.But even then, almost 65% of sanctioned strength for entomologists is lying vacant. India has a sanctioned strength of only 30 entomologists for 35 states and UTs.States and UTs like Delhi, Chandigarh, Andaman and Nicobar Islands and Puducherry don't even have a single sanctioned post.But in a shocking disclosure at a meeting of all health secretaries of the country who had congregated here on Wednesday to review the National Rural Health Mission, the Union health ministry revealed that 25 states did not even have a single state entomologist. This included many major states \u2014 worst affected by vector-borne diseases \u2014 like Maharashtra, Karnataka, Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Uttar Pradesh, Rajasthan, Punjab, Bihar , Haryana, Himachal Pradesh , Uttaranchal, Andhra Pradesh and Chhattisgarh.The data provided by the health ministry also shows that Bengal, which is presently reeling under a dengue outbreak, does not have a single state entomologist.The ministry has asked all states to fill up the posts of entomologists immediately. The Centre also offered to pay for their appointments.Zonal appointments of entomologists have also been greatly neglected. Of the 79 positions sanctioned, 38 are still lying vacant. In 23 states, not a single entomologist is in place across stipulated zones.India has already recorded 1.4 lakh malaria cases, 1,611 dengue, 1,638 Chikungunya , 679 Japanese encephalitis and 6,245 kalazar cases till March, 2012.Dr A C Dhariwal, director of national vector-borne disease control programme, said \"The work of an entomologist is vital and its set up has to be strengthened. Entomologists are the ones who conduct the vector surveillance. Diseases like malaria and dengue manifest in vectors first. So identifying infected vectors can warn the programme of impending outbreaks and help control its spread among humans.\"He added that the issue has reached the Cabinet secretary, who recently asked all state governments to immediately fill up the vacant positions, lest the country will reel under a severe vector-borne disease outbreak.A health ministry official said, \"Entomologists have not been given enough importance in the public health cadre. Many states have disbanded the cadre and stopped recruiting. This is why many states have failed to identify mass breeding of vectors and are reeling under outbreaks of malaria and dengue. The Kolkata outbreak of dengue points to the importance of entomologists.\"Times ViewGiven the fact that lakhs of Indians are affected by vector-borne diseases each year, it is shocking that the ranks those equipped to study these disease carriers have been allowed to be so thinly populated. The government seems to have woken up rather belatedly to the idea that these posts must be filled up, but that is far from being enough. Clearly, many more are needed in view of the scale of the problem and the number of state and union territories India has. Both state and central governments must act urgently to plug this gap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "valsad", "code": "16389727", "title": "Modi challenges \u2018scared\u2019 Rahul to come and campaign in Gujarat", "text": "VALSAD: Amid growing speculation of a Narendra Modi versus Rahul Gandhi electoral battle in 2014, the Gujarat chief minister indirectly challenged Rahul to come and campaign in the state.\"Now Congress says Rahul is not coming to Gujarat. Why? People of the state and I want to know the reason. Does he think Gujarat is so bad that he won't tour the state?\" Modi said, addressing a rally in Mota Pondha village in Valsad district of south Gujarat.Modi's jibe comes at a time when the Congress does not want to take any chances to pit the 42-year-old party general secretary against the BJP strongman on his own turf, lest he suffer the ignominy similar to the Uttar Pradesh debacle and further dent is already waning.Modi addressed a series of rallies in south Gujarat as a part of his month-long Swami Vivekanand Yuva Vikas Yatra. In Pardi town near Vapi, BJP leader Smriti Irani also took potshots at Rahul saying, \"How can he come to Gujarat when he has completely lost face after Congress's drubbing in Uttar Pradesh elections?\"Addressing a rally in Valsad, Modi threw an open challenge to UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi , Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and Rahul Gandhi. \"I am ready for any contest,\" he said. Modi was also severe in his criticism of Congress's slogan 'Change the direction to change your condition' saying that the party's only direction was \"dynasty rule\".\"Only one family gets importance.... If they make someone Prime Minister, he has to go to the family before taking any decision,\" he said.\"Congress's 'direction' is of nepotism, spreading communalism, divisive politics and not fulfilling promises,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16393610", "title": "New scheme to empower minorities", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to provide employment opportunities to citizens belonging to minority communities, the state government has decided to launch a new scheme.Minorities development minister Naseem Khan said that a proposal for loans up to 25 lakh to enable literate people from these communities to pursue self employment options will be formulated. He said that the scheme will be applicable for all those who have studied up to the VII standard and fall in the 18-50 age group.The department will coordinate with the industries department to implement the scheme. Under the scheme, an eligible person will get up to 70 per cent loans from a nationalised or a state cooperative bank. The industries department will provide another 15 per cent loan at subsidised rates, whereas the minorities department will contribute 10 per cent by way of grants. The applicant will be responsible for the remaining 5 per cent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16393065", "title": "Rain delays start of India-New Zealand Davis Cup tie", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Heavy showers early in the morning delayed the start of the Davis Cup tie between India and New Zealand on Friday.Efforts are being made to dry the courts as the sun is shining bright now. The officials will have a final inspection at 11:30 am and are hoping that they will be able to start the proceedings at that time.The players will start practice from 10:45am.India's Yuki Bhambri, ranked 179, is slated to play the first singles against Daniel King-Turner, who is ranked 382.Vishnu Vardhan , ranked 262, then will take on Kiwi number one Jose Statham, ranked 317 in the world.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391616", "title": "Weekly train for festive rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: To clear extra rush of passengers during the festive season, Railways have decided to run special train no. 04113/04114 between Allahabad-Udhampur.Train no. 04113 Allahabad-Udhampur Weekly Express special will depart from Allahabad every Saturday from October 6 to November 24 (for eight trips) at 03.20 p.m. to reach Udhampur at 03.50 p.m. the next day.On its return, train no. 04114 Udhampur- Allahabad Weekly Express festival special train will depart from Udhampur every Sunday from October 7 to November 25 at 08.50 p.m. to reach Allahabad at 10.50 p.m. the next day.The train will have one AC III-tier, 11 sleeper coaches, three general coaches, one disabled-friendly second class cum luggage van and one second class cum luggage van. The train will stop at Fatehpur, Kanpur Central, Etawah, Tundla, Aligarh, Khurja, Bulandshahar, Hapur, Meerut, Saharanpur, Ambala Cantt., Ludhiana, Jalandhar Cantt, Chakki Bank and Jammu Tawi stations en route in both directions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "srinagar/jammu", "code": "16388977", "title": "Kandahar hijack plotter arrested after 13 years in J&K;", "text": "SRINAGAR/JAMMU: In a significant breakthrough, the Jammu &amp; Kashmir Police on Thursday arrested Mehrajuddin Wani alias Javed Dand \u2014 one of the terrorists who was involved in arranging logistics, including weapons and fake travel documents, for the hijackers of the Indian Airlines IC-814 to Kandahar in December, 1999 \u2014 from Kishtwar district.Mehrajuddin was part of one of the first groups of terrorists who launched militancy in the state in 1987 and later crossed over to PoK for arms training in 1989. Being an active member of Harkat-ul-Ansar, he was involved in a number of terror attacks in the Valley before shifting his base to Nepal, where he proved to be a key logistics person for the IC-814 hijackers.Intelligence sources called him a big catch, and Mehrajuddin appeared to conform to that billing when he, according to J&K; Police, disclosed that the diplomat of an unspecified embassy (in Nepal) was closely involved in the 1999 hijacking plot. \"We are investigating all this,\" said Dilbagh Singh, IGP of Jammu.Intelligence sources in Delhi said that he could shed new light on hijackers, who had killed one young Indian traveler, Rupen Katyal, and how they managed to pull off the audacious hijacking.The hijacking, in which the then Taliban regime had colluded, resulted in the release of three terrorists, including Maulana Masood Azhar, Mustaq Ahmed Zargar and Omar Saeed Sheikh, in exchange of hostages of the ill-fated aircraft. Azhar had set up one of deadliest terror outfits Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), while Sheikh ended up kidnapping and murdering the Wall Street Journal journalist Daniel Pearl in Pakistan in 2002.The hijacking, which dealt a heavy blow to BJP's \"tough-on-terror\" credentials, embittered the already strained ties with Pakistan that allowed Azhar and Sheikh to roam in full public view and carry on with their anti-India activities.The IGP said that police, acting on specific intelligence inputs, launched a search operation and arrested Mehrajuddin \u2014 a close associate of United Jihad Council chief Syed Salahuddin as well as underworld don Dawood Ibrahim - on Jammu-Srinagar highway while he was travelling from Nepal to Kashmir on Wednesday night.\"We suspect that his services have been used (in the hijacking). He was there (in Nepal) when the aircraft was hijacked in 1999,\" Singh said. Mehrajuddin, undergoing treatment for brain tumour in Nepal, was on his way to Sopore to meet his family members and relatives.Police suspect that Mehrajuddin - once an ordinary tailor at Nigeen Bagh in Sopore \u2014 has strong links with Pakistan's ISI, and is also believed to be engaged in raising funds for terror activities. He is also suspected to be involved in smuggling weapons, ammunition and fake currency into India with the help of the diplomat.Asked whether his name was mentioned in the 'challan' produced by the CBI in the Kandahar hijack case, Singh said, \"His name does not figure in the challan. He has acquired half a dozen fake names for various operations. So the investigations are on.\"The CBI, which probed the IC-814 hijacking case, is sending a team to Srinagar to verify all the claims made by J&K; Police. Mehrajuddin had been out of radar for long, and his name did not appear in any of the central wanted lists.Singh said Mehrajuddin was first arrested in 1993 and lodged in Kot Bhalwal Jail in Jammu. The officer said that he came in contact with Salahuddin after he was released from jail, and continued working with Muslim Mujahideen.\"He confessed that he knew Bilal Ahmad and Javid Guru, an accused in Lajpat Nagar blast,\" Singh said, adding that his direct involvement in this incident is yet to be established.Mehrajuddin married in Nepal, and has his family is settled there. \"He occasionally used to visit his parents in Nigeen bagh in Sopore. His elder brother works with Hindustan Petroleum ,\" family sources said.During interrogation, he has given details about his relations with Salahuddin, Anees Ibrahim and Dawood Ibrahim, who figure in the list of 20 most wanted people India has given to Pakistan, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394425", "title": "Damad Chahi is a family film: Vinay Anand", "text": "After creating rage among the audience with his performance in 'Paagal Premi', Vinay Anand will soon be seen in 'Damad Chahi Fokat Mein'. The first look of this movie has been revealed and looks quite interesting. The film is scheduled to release soon and going by the firstlook it definitely looks like a pure comedy movie.Vinay Anand said,\" This is a complete entertainer, all those who beleive Bhojpuri movies are getting vulgar should come and watch this movie with entire family.\" Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390083", "title": "102 life convicts to be released", "text": "PATNA: Presiding over a meeting principal secretary, home department , Amir Subhani declared on Wednesday that 102 prisoners sentenced to life imprisonment would be set free from the state prisons soon.The department earlier released 48 prisoners in April and 118 in January this year, while 99 prisoners were released in August, 2011.This time, 23 male prisoners and 17 female prisoners from Bhagalpur central jail, 19 prisoners from Muzaffarpur central jail and a number of prisoners convicted from other jails would be set free soon. TNN", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16399995", "title": "BJP takes stock of Ganpati preparation", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Leader of Opposition in the Legislative Council, Vinod Tawde has completed his two day tour of Konkan region. On September 13, Tawde begun his tour to take review of government preparation (potholes free road and traffic arrangements) ahead of Ganesh festival which is celebrated in a grand scale in Konkan. The ten day Ganpati festival commences from September 19.\"Every year thousands of people from Mumbai who primarily hail from Konkan go back to the region to celebrate Ganesh Chaturthi. This year too many people would flock to the coastal region a few days before September 19. Every year there is traffic chaos and accidents on roads leading to Konkan. The DF government assured us that it will take all efforts to get rid of the problems faced by the devotes while going to their native place. To inspect whether government has kept its promise or not, I made a visit to coastal region,\" Tawde said. Tawde, an senior BJP leader himself hails from Konkan region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388861", "title": "Elder\u2019s murder: Suspect a maid", "text": "NEW DELHI: Police claimed to have identified the prime suspect in the Rohini senior citizen murder case. She was a newly employed help and cops identified her and two of her aides in CCTV footage obtained from a store in the area where she had earlier worked. She has disappeared after the murder.The woman, Nandini, is a resident of Muradabad and her two associates belong to Rae Bareli. Police teams have been sent there to arrest them; but on Thursday, when police raided her temporary residence in Shakurpur they didn't find her there.Nandini had joined retired income tax commissioner Gurjeet Kaur's household 15 days before the murder. Nandini had worked in other homes in the area on assumed names. None of the owners had verified her. Police are also tracing three phone numbers of which one was used by Nandini to communicate with Kaur, the victim.Kaur's family members have confirmed around Rs 50,000 in cash and gold and diamond jewellery worth several lakhs are missing from the house.Addl DCP (Outer) M A Rizvi said on September 12, Nandini had a telephonic conversation with the victim about coming over to buy her old sofa. Kaur had told her daughter, Inderpal Grover, about it on phone.The security guard in the area told police that Nandini was seen coming out of the house along with two more people in the afternoon. \"Kaur was last seen talking to Nandini and the two men in the balcony. Nobody else came to the house after Nandini and the men left,\" said a cop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16389306", "title": "Indiabulls executive goes missing", "text": "GURGAON: A sales manager of Indiabulls Financial Services Pvt Ltd was allegedly kidnapped by unknown persons on Monday when he was going towards Delhi from his office in Udyog Vihar. Based on the complaint by the victim's brother, the Udyog Vihar police have lodged an FIR against unknown persons on the charge of kidnapping.According to police, 28-year-old Abhishek Verma, a native of Bihar living with his family in Dwarka, Delhi was working with India Bulls, Udyog Vihar office as sales manager in the company's housing loan department. He was going to Delhi for some work and has been missing from September 10.According to Abhishek's younger brother, Amit Verma, Abhishek has been missing from September 10.\"On Monday, my brother left the house to go to work around 10am. Around 11.40 he called me to say that he has gone to Karol Bagh in Delhi for some work. When I called his mobile phone around 12.02pm, it was switched off. According to his mobile location, he was in Delhi Cantonment when he spoke to me and his last mobile location was at Baba Kharak Singh Marg in Delhi. After that his whereabouts are not known,\" Amit told TOI.When contacted, Abhishek's wife, Nalini Verma, also told TOI that her husband had left the house in a happy mood. \"My husband said before leaving the house that he would come back in the evening. He said he would go from work to meet someone in Karol Bagh. We have a one-and-a-half-month-old daughter and am very disturbed. I hope and pray he comes back soon,\" said Nalini.Meanwhile, a senior police officer said that Abhishek was running his own business in partnership with his friend and was facing some financial problem. \"However, it is too early to say anything other than the investigation is on,\" said the police officer.\"Our preliminary investigation shows that the victim had left his office around 11.21am on Monday. He was going without his car and driver and told the driver that he was going to Delhi for some personal work,\" said Amarjeet Singh Kataria, SHO, Udyog Vihar police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391002", "title": "Karnataka under pressure to ban gutka", "text": "BANGALORE: Fearing protests from arecanut growers, the Karnataka government has been putting off a ban on gutka. Now, it's left with little choice as most states are heeding the Centre's diktat.The countdown for the ban on gutka and other carcinogenic substances has begun as the state's legal department has been asked to work on the proposal.A senior minister in the BJP government said the ban is just a matter of time. \"We have no choice as it's mandatory for states to implement the Food Safety and Standards of India Act (FSSIA) notified by the Centre last year,\" he said.If Karnataka does ban gutka, it'll join 13 states in India. Madhya Pradesh was the first to implement the ban after the notification followed by Kerala, Madhya Pradesh, Bihar , Haryana, Chhattisgarh , Himachal Pradesh , Jharkhand , Maharashtra, Rajasthan, Mizoram, Gujarat and Delhi. The Union Territory of Chandigarh also implemented it.A public interest litigation petition filed by the Cancer Patients Aid Association, Bangalore is pending in the Karnataka High Court which ordered issuance of notice to the government. The government sought time to decide on the matter.Though Karnataka had tried to ban these products, protests by arecanut growers put paid to the effort. This cash crop is predominantly grown in 15 major districts of the state. Konkodi Padmanabha, president, Central Arecanut and Cocoa Marketing and Processing Co-operative (Campco) said the ban would impact the livelihood of scores of arecanut and tobacco growers.Sirsi-based Totgars Sale Society managing director Ravish Hegde said: \"The gutka ban will be a blessing in disguise for arecanut growers since it'll revive the old habit of people chewing the healthy combination of betel leaf and arecanut. The sale of plain paan masala sachets may also increase.''Know your nut* Arecanut grown in 15 districts of state* 40% of crop grown in coastal region mainly in Uttara Kannada and Dakshina Kannada districts* Also widely cultivated in Malnad areas of Shimoga and Chikmagalur districts* Red variety is widely grown in Chitradurga district* Arecanut production in Karnataka estimated at around 500,000 metric tones* White variety constitutes 40% annuallyfiled by Manu/cleared by Naheed/ es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389110", "title": "'Brace for coal shock'", "text": "MUMBAI: If the coal blocks were to be auctioned in the future following the recent controversy over their allotment, it could have an impact on the electricity prices. The auctioning would lead to an increase in coal prices eventually resulting in teriff hike, said deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, who also hold power portfolio.Because of the lack of coal, the state government has been paying Rs 1000 more per ton on some coal that is being imported. So, when the stock of new coal comes to the market, the government will have no choice but to hike electricity prices, Pawar told TOI on Thursday. That will take longer and may not happen in the near future though, the NCP leader said.Meanwhile, Pawar took potshots at RR Patil , who had demanded a white paper on the MMRDA, Pawar said the latter speaks 'anyhow'. \"However, talking like that helps the party and this is what Patil has understood,\" said Pawar. About his comment that home ministry should be given to him, Pawar said he was joking. He also said the recent controversy over arrest of cartoonist Aseem Trivedi was needlessly blown out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16388537", "title": "Nokia Siemens will deliver more from India centre: Rajeev Suri", "text": "BANGALORE: Rajeev Suri, 45, grew up in India and Kuwait , did engineering from Mangalore University, and after brief stints with ICL and the RPG Group he joined the Nokia Group in 1995. He went on to successfully drive the services business of Nokia Siemens Networks , currently the world's fourth largest telecoms equipment maker, and was instrumental in the Finland-based company's decision to establish a services hub in India.In October 2009, he was appointed CEO of the 14-billion euro company. Last year, in the face of mounting losses thanks to aggressive players like Huawei, he undertook a massive restructuring, spanning 90 countries, to focus on mobile broadband and services. Suri, who was in Bangalore on Tuesday, talked about the company's turnaround plans and India's role in it.What's the objective of the restructuring?3G data consumption is gaining momentum. So we believe a specialized play in mobile broadband will help the company return to profitability (last year it suffered an operating loss of 300 million euro). 3G mobile data has grown 78% in the January to July period, outpacing 2G traffic, which grew at 47%. An average subscriber now consumes 400 MB of 3G data in a month compared to 100 MB of 2G data.Reports indicate that you are cutting 2,000 jobs in India as part of the restructuring. Can you give us an update?Overall, the India headcount is expected to go up. We don't want to share specific numbers. We are ramping up our headcount in our global delivery centre in Noida. The focus is to increasingly look at mobile broadband services business and product management at the local level. We are increasing the utilization at our global delivery centres. Today if we are delivering 12-13% via these delivery centres, we want to increase it to 40%.You are divesting some business lines. Which are these?We are divesting business lines that are not core to our strategy. We are talking to players to divest business support services (BSS), which helps phone operators to manage their billing systems. We also want to sell the telco applications division. We sold the fixed line broadband access business to Adtran in May followed by the microwave transport business to DragonWave in June.How is the restructuring programme progressing?We are six months ahead in our restructuring plan and we have taken out a significant headcount already. We had previously announced that we would reduce our global workforce by 17,000 by 2013-end. We also want to focus on Japan, Korea and the US markets and optimize business in Africa and the Middle East. The deal momentum has picked up in Korea, Japan and the US from February. We have 65 customers in LTE (long-term evolution) that translates to 35% of the contract market share and the highest number of contracts a vendor has in this space.Our long-term goal is to achieve 5-10% operating profitability. To achieve higher profitability, we need to be cash flow positive. For the third consecutive quarter, we achieved a positive cash flow position and we have contributed to our parent company Nokia.By the time the entire restructuring is through by next year, we will reduce our operating expenses and production overheads by 1 billion euros. We have also moved resources to low and ultra low cost destinations like Poland, Portugal and Manila . However, our R&D; budgets have remained intact at 2.2 billion euros, which is 15% of our sales.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16389278", "title": "32-acre fake lake to come up in Sukhroli", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) is planning to build an artificial lake, much like the Sukhna Lake in Chandigarh, in Sukhroli village in Gurgaon where it has identified 32-acre land site for the project.At present the land is vacant and only rainwater is collected during the monsoon. The exact planning of the artificial lake is being worked out by HUDA. Senior HUDA officials including the administrator have visited the sites and prepared the roadmap of the project.Confirming the project, the administrator, Pravenn Kumar, said: \"The HUDA team has seen the site which earlier used to be a water body (Jhorr) and it is suitable for developing a huge artificial lake in that area.\" The HUDA team had found that the land is about 32 acres and is 32 feet deep in many places making it apt for developing as a lake. The HUDA administrator said that the artificial lake would have tourist huts and restaurant for visitors.The HUDA team has found out that there is no water supply facility for the artificial lake. To solve the problem of water for the artificial lake, HUDA is now planning to use treated water from the sewage treatment plant (STPs).\"A system will be worked out to supply water from STPs and for the lake in due course of time before starting the project,\" said another HUDA official, involved in the project. The project's details have been prepared and sent to HUDA headquarters for budgetary approvals. Along with Sukhrali, HUDA is also planning to develop other artificial water bodies in the Aravali range. \"The replenishment of the groundwater table in the region is the most important task and developing water bodies and artificial lake will help immensely,\" said Kumar.HUDA has worked out the exact coordinates of the possible artificial water bodies. The places were chosen after the detailed analysis of the satellite mapping details relating to rainwater collection every monsoon in the past. |\"In these places the arrangements will be made to ensure the rainwater doesn't flow away. This would require a concrete boundary. All the work will be done in a phased manner,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389873", "title": "Get tongue cleaner for prisoners, jail superintendents told", "text": "BHOPAL: Realising the importance of oral hygiene for prisoners across the state, the jail department has decided to provide tongue cleaners to them. Until now, jail inmates were entitled to tooth powder to avoid a bad breath.The need of tongue cleaners for inmates was felt by officials during jail inspections on various occasions. Of late the prison authorities have realized that cleaning tongue regularly is important for the health of prisoners.Director general (prisons) Surendra Singh has issued orders to all jail superintendents of the state to complete the process of procuring tongue cleaners.The order reads, \"It has been noticed that there is no facility of tongue cleaner for a prisoner in any of the jail of state. The jail superintendents are hereby directed to complete the purchase process of tongue cleaners with immediate effect. The purchase would be made under the cleaning head of the jail expenses.''Prisoners would be provided a tongue cleaner made of plastic as an iron or copper one might be used for opening locks as well.The tongue cleaners would be replaced every two months. \"A tongue cleaner lasts around two months. Keeping in mind the same, jail superintendents have been directed to replace tongue cleaners of prisoners in every two months,\" said DIG (prisons) RS R S Vijayvargiya.On why need for tongue cleaners was felt so late, the officials said it never occurred to them in the past and inmates did not raise a demand for it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391086", "title": "20 held in raid at Pimpri restaurant", "text": "PUNE: The Pimpri police arrested 20 people in a late-night raid on Tuesday at Saloni Restaurant and Bar in Pimpri Camp and took action against the owner for keeping the place open past the 11.30 pm deadline. While the police said the restaurant was serving its customers till around 1 am, the restaurant manager said the police entered the place around 11.35 pm.The 20 arrested were produced in the court of judicial magistrate (first class) R D Wable on Wednesday and released on bail.Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (zone III), told TOI that during a drive conducted in the area about a month back, action was taken against 150 restaurants for staying open beyond the deadline. He said that some days back, the police received information that some restaurants were still flouting the deadline.Umap said medical tests of the 20 arrested showed that 12 of them had consumed liquor. \"Action was taken against them under section 84 of the Bombay Prohibition Act. Action was also initiated against the restaurant owner and its manager under section 33/131 of the Bombay Police Act for keeping the place open beyond the deadline. The manager and owner were fined Rs 4,000,\" he said.Umap said notices will also be issued to police officials if restaurants are found operating beyond the deadline in areas coming under their jurisdiction.When contacted, Rajesh Lalwani, manager of Saloni Restaurant, said they have a licence from the excise department which allows them to keep the place open till 1.30 am. He insisted that the restaurant had not flouted rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392293", "title": "Bollywood hooked on to Kaanchana", "text": "Raghava Lawrence's Kaanchana has been the talk of the town in Mumbai. The DVD of the film has been doing the rounds in Bollywood and actors like Sanjay Dutt and Tushar Kapoor are said to be interested in the flick. However, though some of them are keen on playing Sarath Kumar's role of a transgender, they're said to be worried about how it would it affect their career. When CT spoke to Lawrence, who's scripting the third installment of the movie, he confirmed that Sanjay Dutt was keen on reprising the role of the revenge-seeking transgender. He adds, \"Yes, Sanjay Dutt has expressed interest. A couple of top production companies in Bollywood have approached me for the remake rights. They have given me a list of popular artists whose dates they have. I'm meeting up with them shortly.\" Now, we'll just to wait and watch who finally plucks up the courage to play the feisty Kaanchana.Kaanchana (2011) is a Tamil horror comedy sequel to Raghava Lawrence's Muni (2007). It was made on a budget of around Rs 9 crore and went on to gross more than Rs30 crore. It has been written, produced and directed by Lawrence. He's now working on the third installment of the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391632", "title": "Guard opens fire on ATM user, arrested", "text": "LUCKNOW: A guard attached with the CMS bank money carrier service shot at a youth over a trivial dispute right outside a bank's automatic teller machine a stone's throw away from the district police chief's camp office on Shahnajaf Road in Hazratganj police station area on Thursday noon.The victim has been identified as Bhupendra Shahi (25), resident of Unity Lodge in New Hyderabad locality under Mahanagar police station.The guard, arrested by the police, was identified as Mahesh Tiwari, resident of Umri Begumganj in Gonda district.Around the time the CMS money carrier brought cash to the Kotak Mahindra Bank ATM on Shahnajaf Road, two brothers Bhupendra and Vivek Shahi arrived on a motorcycle to withdraw money. The guard stopped the two youths from entering the booth asking them to wait while cash was being put into the teller machine.A heated exchange of words ensued between the youths and the guard, said the police.The situation took an ugly turn when the guard and the youths got into a fisticuff, during which, the guard took out his double-barrel gun and shot at Bhupendra from close range.The bullet pellets hit the youth's neck and he fell on the ground bleeding profusely. On receiving information, police reached the spot.Bhupendra was rushed to the Civil Hospital from where he was referred to the Trauma Centre of the King George's Medical College. According to the police, Bhupendra, undergoing treatment at the hospital, is in a private job and has completed a course in Hotel Management.Police investigated the case and nabbed the guard. Several senior police officials rushed to the spot and directed necessary action in this regard.The police said on the complaint of Bhupendra's brother Vivek, an FIR was lodged against the guard. The guard had been booked in a case of attempt to murder, the police confirmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390106", "title": "Meet reviews Report Card preparations", "text": "PATNA: A meeting of the departmental heads held here on Thursday, which was chaired by chief secretary A K Sinha, monitored the preparation of the state government's Report Card 2012. The principal secretaries and senior officials were directed to submit the achievements and works of their departments done in the second year of the NDA government latest by September 20.The chief secretary said new appointments, new legislations or amendments, new policies, relaxation in taxes and other works done in the second year of programme of governance (2010-15) should be incorporated in the Report Card.The government will complete the second year of its second stint on November 26 and the Report Card will be released by chief minister Nitish Kumar on November 27. The Report Card will be in English, Hindi and Urdu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16388615", "title": "Ganesh Chaturhi festival: Eco-Pro ropes in school kids for Green Ganesh", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: The Chandrapur city is the most polluted place in the country and any addition to it will only bring hazards to the children here. This is the massage thousands of young 'Environment Ambassadors' will take to their homes and urge their parents to observe pollution-free Ganesh festival this year.Environmental NGO Eco-Pro has taken up a massive awareness campaign 'Green Ganesh' to sensitize people about pollution caused during the Ganesh festival. However, disappointed with the poor response of grown-ups to the call given year after year, the organization this year has targeted students this time around.\"Our organization has Eco-Pro clubs in 25 schools in the town. We have started sensitizing the students in each of these schools about pollution caused during Ganesh festival and its hazards. They will serve as ambassadors of our campaign, and sensitize their parents and neighbours about it,\" said Eco-Pro president Bandu Dhotre.He claimed that students are being educated about hazards of using idols made of plaster of paris (PoP) and painted with chemical colours. They are also being sensitized about the pollution cause by nirmalya (discarded garlands), use of thermocol and plastic for decoration. Students will be asked to urge their parents to buy clay idols, refrain from purchasing idols painted with chemical colours and deposit nirmalya in specific bins, so that it can be converted into compost.\"If the campaign goes as planned, at least 25,000 students will take the message of 'Green Ganesha' to their parents and neighbourhoods. These green campaigners will be given specially published leaflets to highlight the gravity of pollution and ideology behind the campaign,\" Dhotre said. Chandrapur Municipal Corporation (CMC), local regional office of Maharashtra State Pollution Control Board (MPCB) and Chandrapur Police have joined hands with Eco-Pro in the campaign.He claimed that they are going to request CMC to install special bins in each wards for collection of nirmalya. Eco-Pro will also install specific bins in every school so that students can bring nirmalya from their house and discard it there, instead of throwing it haphazardly in water bodies.Eco-Pro will also hold essay-writing and drawing competition based on topics of pollution free Ganesh festival for students in the school. The organization has also announced 'Green Ganesha' competitions with lucrative prizes for Ganesh Mandals and household Ganesh idols.Dhotre claimed that Ganesh mandals would also be dissuaded from resorting to power theft, dumping nirmalya in water bodies and creating noise pollution in silence zones during processions. Eco-Pro will also install banners and hoardings across the town sensitizing people about pollution caused during Ganesh festival.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391238", "title": "Minute-to-minute updates on Punjab and Haryana high court website", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Now, minute status of cases would be available on the web portal of the Punjab and Haryana high court and the lawyers sitting anywhere can access the case status on smart phones or laptops. The high court administration on Thursday launched the said facility through which the display board of the ongoing cases in the high court has been connected with the official website of the high court. As of now, the lawyers could see the status only on the display boards/LCD screens installed on various locations in HC premises. While launching the facility on Thursday, chairman of computer committee of the HC, Justice Hemant Gupta said with new facility lawyers sitting anywhere in the high court premises or even outside will remain get to know about the status of their case. This will also help in avoiding unnecessary adjournments of the cases, he added. Justice Gupta stated that now onwards copies of bail orders would be sent to the chief judicial magistrate, the SSP and jail authorities through e-mail. Earlier, the office of CJM used to call up the high court for confirmation of orders to avoid any fraud. The new process would expedite the entire process. Besides the above facilities, Justice Gupta has also stated that the high court through its agency NIC is going to start a Case Management Module (CMM) for lawyers, which will provide complete data of the cases to advocates. This module will be a substitute to the present system of maintaining diaries by lawyers. The new facility was launched on Thursday in the presence of large number of advocates in the bar room of high court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16388165", "title": "We will work hard to prove our critics wrong: Tushar Khandkar", "text": "CHENNAI: It is now just over a month since the London Olympics drew to a close. Yet, for Indian hockey the sense of disappointment from the dismal performance still lingers on. It is a difficult time for players, facing flak for their listless show and it's a long wait before they get a chance to set things right at the Champions Trophy in December.VR Raghunath who was part of the Indian team at the Olympics felt that not thinking too much about what happened and keeping a clear and positive frame of mind will help the team move on.\"We know we didn't play as well as we should have and will work to rectify our mistakes, but if we delve too deep into what happened it will only raise negative thoughts. Right now, I'm just trying to have a clear mind and keep things simple\" Raghunath told TOI on Thursday.His teammate at the London Games, Tushar Khandkar couldn't agree more. \"Our man-marking and trapping was poor at the Olympics, those are the basic things we could have probably done better. We need to learn from those mistakes and work on them during the next camp,\" he said.Not one to be done in by criticism, Khandkar added: \"We live in a democracy so everyone is entitled to their opinion. The expectations were high this time and it's only natural if people are upset with our performance. If anyone has gone overboard and written us off, we will work hard to prove them wrong.\"Raghunath believed winning and losing are part of the game and must be taken in the right spirit. \"We know we didn't do well and we felt bad about losing but we need to accept what happened and move on. We understand that the people are disappointed and so are we. Instead of getting affected by what people said, we must ensure we don't make the same mistakes again.\"Raghunath also felt that it is a challenge for the team to bounce back and signed off by saying that this sort of challenge can spur them to give their best. \"Losing obviously hurts a lot but the challenge now is to get back on track.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hosanagar (hassan district)", "code": "16391055", "title": "'I now feel I've achieved something'", "text": "Hosanagar (Hassan district): On a day when he was extended a rousing welcome from villagers enroute to his native town Hosanagar, from Hassan, HN Girisha said he can finally comprehend that his achievement, is indeed, great.\"I now feel that I've achieved something worth celebrating. Now I've to achieve more to make my village and country proud,\" he told TOI at the end of his five-hour, 45km journey from Hassan to Hosanagar. En route, he was greeted by hundreds of people. He was ecstatic as he reached his village on the Hassan-Kodagu border at 7.20pm.Girisha said he could now select a job that allows him to focus on his goal. \"There is an offer from the Union government to be Class 1 officer, and the state has offered the post of coach. I'll see which suits me better,\" he said.His parents, especially his mother Jayamma, was thrilled to see her son back home. The star athlete was taken to the village temple and puja was offered.When he left Hassan at 3 pm, he didn't expect people, especially schoolchildren, to line up and greet him. \"It was a pleasant surprise for me,\" the local hero said.At Ramanathapura, his vehicle was mobbed by a cheering crowd. At Baragur, students from Morarji Desai Residential School were happy to meet him. Girisha got down from the state car and greeted people. As he reached Gorur, 30km from Hassan, he stopped at his college, which gave him a new lease of life, and spent some time. There, he was greeted by former MLA AT Ramaswamy.GOWDA MEETS HEROIn Hassan, when Girisha was meeting deputy commissioner KP Mohan Raj and SP Amit Singh , a couple of differently abled persons waited outside the DC's office to meet him. Pradeep and Uday Shankar had come to the office for a license, but stayed back to meet the athlete.At the Inspection Bungalow located next to the DC's office, former PM and Hassan MP HD Deve Gowda had stopped by on his way to Chikmagalur. On learning that Girisha was next door, he walked up and patted him on the back. \"Hegidiyappa? (How are you, my boy)?\" he asked. From commoner to former premier , all were ecstatic about Girisha's achievement.Dressed in a navy-blue India blazer and sporting Nike shoes, Girisha waved the Indian flag as he was taken in a horse-drawn tonga to the DC's office. Shy and silent, he confessed he was tired and had had little sleep. \"I'm under so much stress that I find it difficult to cope with all this,\" he told TOI.HIS SECRET VISITGirisha left Bangalore late on Wednesday night and sneaked into his native Hosanagar early on Thursday and met his parents. Within an hour, he got back to Hassan. According to his family members, officials had advised him to stay away from his native town till police are posted there to control the crowd.As Girisha relaxed at the IB, Hassan tahsildar K Mathai came to greet him. \"Sorry I couldn't meet you properly before you left for London ,\" he told Girisha, offering a bouquet. Girisha smiled. Police constables posted for crowd control outside the IB came up to him and shook his hand. They looked curiously at the medal hanging from Girisha's neck and wanted to know its weight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16390972", "title": "Lesser evil: Wine is better for heart", "text": "Kounteya SinhaNEW DELHI: This could come as a revelation for Indians who love their whisky, vodka and rum, but are yet to develop a taste for wine.Scientists have found pinot noir - a light to medium-bodied red wine that boasts of considerable meal pairing versatility - to be the lesser evil. A Rhode Island hospital study announced on Tuesday says wine has more cardio-vascular benefits than vodka.A team from Rhode Island hospitals studied the effects of red wine and vodka on pigs with high cholesterol and found that the animals with a penchant for pinot noir fared better than their vodka-swigging counterparts. The paper is published in the September issue of the journal Circulation.It says that red wine may offer increased protection due to its anti-oxidant properties. Red wine dilates blood vessels, while vodka causes more collateral vessels to develop. Several substances unique to red wine have been investigated for their antioxidant, pro-angiogenic and anti-inflammatory properties.Frank Sellke, chief of cardiothoracic surgery at Rhode Island and Miriam Hospitals, said, \"There has been previous research touting the benefits of moderate consumption of wine, but we wanted to test the effects of both wine and vodka in conjunction with high cholesterol as those who would be in this at-risk patient population typically have other medical issues, such as high cholesterol.\"Sellke, the study's principal investigator, added, \"What we found is that moderate consumption of both alcohols may reduce cardiovascular risk, but that red wine may offer increased protection due to its anti-oxidant properties.\"In addition, it was determined that HDL, or good cholesterol, was significantly increased in the two alcohol-treated groups, while total cholesterol levels were unaffected.HDL (good) cholesterol transports LDL (bad) to the liver where it is metabolized, which may assist in preventing hardening of the arteries, and other cardiac issues. Researchers determined that while both red wine and vodka can benefit the heart , they do so differently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16391747", "title": "CBI court summons Dharmana, two babus", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI Special Court on Thursday took cognisance of the chargesheet the CBI filed in the Vanpic episode of the Jagan assets case and issued summons to all the accused including R&B; minister Dharmana Prasada Rao, IAS officers M Samuel and Manmohan Singh, out in the open, to appear before the court on September 25. To those already in jail like YS Jaganmohan Reddy and Mopidevi Venkata Ramana and industrialist Nimmagadda Prasad, the court issued prisoner transit warrants to appear before it on the same date.The CBI's charge in the Vanpic aspect of the Jagan assets case is that as many 28,000 acres of land was planned to be acquired for the stated government-to-government project for which an MoU was signed between the states of AP and Ras Al Khaimah. While Jagan is accused number one in the case, ministers Mopidevi Venkata Ramana and Dharmana Prasad Rao are accused number 4 and 5 respectively. IAS officers Manmohan Singh and M Samuel are accused number 7 and 8 respectively. Mopidevi has already been arrested in the case while the names of Dharmana and the two IAS officers figure in the chargesheet, but the investigative agency has not made any moves against them till now.With the CBI court taking cognisance of the Vanpic aspect of the chargesheet filed by the CBI in the Jagan assets case, Dharmana, Manmohan Singh and Samuel have to appear before the court on September 25. Interestingly, only the charges under IPC against the ministers and the IAS has been taken of. Dharmana submitted his resignation to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy on August 14, the day the CBI filed the chargesheet. Samuel is currently chief commissioner of land administration while Manmohan Singh is principal secretary in the animal husbandry department.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390760", "title": "Tiger-prawn cargo stuck in Japan, CM moves Centre", "text": "KOLKATA: With Japan refusing to receive tiger prawn consignments from the state citing quality issues, chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday took up the cause of exporters and urged Union commerce minister Anand Sharma to intervene.The move comes in the wake of the Seafood Exporters' Association of India seeking help from the chief minister to bail exporters out of the crisis.\"We do not want the expensive consignment to go waste. The Centre must negotiate with the Japanese government. If they still refuse to accept it, the containers must be quickly returned,\" Mamata said on Thursday.It may be noted that the Centre did send representatives to Japan to impress upon officials there that it cannot stop imports by framing tougher laws unilaterally. But the team conceded that even if Japan decided to change the law, it would take a long time.The stalemate began after Japan, which ships in Rs 650 crore worth tiger prawns from the state annually, barred unloading of prawn consignments at its docks after it detected presence of anti-oxidents beyond the permissible limit. Ethoxyquine, an anti-oxident, is mixed in prawn feed to increase the perishable commodity's shelf life.Some 35 containers of frozen tiger prawns were held up at different ports across Japan. Another 150 containers were stranded at sea while 150 more are waiting in Kolkata and Haldia for despatch.While the large 40-feet containers hold around Rs 70 lakh worth tiger prawns, the smaller ones are worth half of that.The imbroglio has left exporters from the state counting heavy losses. Though the prawns have not begun decaying yet, unless the imbroglio is resolved soon, several hundred crores worth consignment will turn junk. According to Seafood Exporters Association of India representative Rajarshi Bandyopadhyay, the problem had surfaced due to Japan's norms that were 100-times more stringent than that of the US. While the US sets the anti-oxident sensitive index at 0.2ppm, in Japan it is 0.01ppm.\"Till recently, we used to conduct tests for antibiotics, salmonela, e-coli and vibrio cholera according to the guidelines of Japanese importers. But last month, Japan suddenly notified the ethoxyquine detection test and earmarked extremely stringent norms,\" said Bandyopadhyay.According to exporter Amit Chakraborty, Japanese companies had already paid for the shipment that is in the ports and the letters of credit had been honoured. \"Now, the Japan government is seeking a refund which is technically not possible. That is what is holding up the other shipments at sea,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16390011", "title": "Assam gets its sip of organic tea", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Hathikhuli Tea Estate in Golaghat here has shown that going organic is not only eco-friendly but also makes good business sense. Since last year, this tea estate owned by the Amalgamated Plantations Private Limited (APPL), a Tata enterprise, has gone completely organic, shunning the use of chemical pesticides and fertilizers in every stage of production.The process of conversion started in 2007, said APPL agri-business chief operating officer, Prabir Banerjea. \"Last year, we completed the process. Now Hathikhuli is a fully organic tea producing estate. No chemicals are used in the production of tea in this estate and our organic certification is akin to those of the US and Europe in terms of production and processing,\" added Banerjea.Though the conversion incurred loss in production, the price realization showed a significant increase. \"Switching over to chemical and pesticide-free certified organic plantation resulted in loss of crop production by about 60 per cent. The yield declined by 40 per cent and the operational losses amounted to US$ 1.5 million. But in spite of the decline in production and yield, the average price realization increased by about 140 per cent over the pre-conversion rate. This is because of the high acceptance of certified organic products in the export market,\" Banerjea informed.Spread over 479.57 hectare between the Kaziranga National Park and the hills of Karbi Anglong, Hathikhuli has become one of the few tea gardens in the state to go fully green. Organic conversion is also picking up in other tea estates because of the growing global demand.In the post-organic conversion phase instances of pest attacks and diseases came down significantly at Hathikhuli. Banerjea pointed out that the conversion ensured the resurgence of indigenous plants, flower species and predators like ladybirds, beetle species, spider species, dragonfly, syrphid fly, butterfly and frogs. These predators are essential for controlling pest attacks. \"Moreover, non-release of chemicals in the surroundings led to a significant improvement in the quality of water and air,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389078", "title": "Greens want recast of draft mining policy", "text": "PANAJI: The draft Goa Mining Policy 2012 needs to be recast, as it has failed to consider the gram sabhas' rights, evolve visionary plans to repair damage to nature and communities, and regulate the pampered industry, NGOs and activists suggested. Most of the 25 submissions by stakeholders form a comprehensive critique of the policy with its legal weaknesses, procedural lapses and lack of analytical content.\"The policy fails to provide any road map for the future of the 65-year-old mining industry,\" members of Goenchea Xetkareancho Ekvott (GXE), an NGO, stated. The policy should have analyzed past and current exploitation of resources, and considered available stocks of ore to draw up a plan for gradual exhaustion of the thinning resources. But it ignored the Regional Plan 2021 policy document, TERI reports, NIO studies and even recent government documents like the Madhav Gadgil panel report.GXE members alleged that the policy is more designed for the quick extraction of ore. \"This is to allow the present generation to maximize benefits for themselves, and to maximize the transfer of liabilities to the future generations,\" a source said.The policy is non-sustainable and fails to consider no go zones in eco-sensitive areas, Judith Almeida of the Colva civic and consumer forum said. \"We have objected to mining in Selaulim's catchment area as the water has heavy mineral content damaging to health,\" she said.GXE members stated that a road map for the gradual mines closure phase to ensure restoration of mining-devastated areas, forests and water bodies, regeneration of employment for persons displaced earlier or by its conclusion was inevitable.\"The arbitrariness of the policy threatens the state economy and the very capacity of the land to support human population in the future.\"The villagers of Pilgao and Shirgao have bemoaned the lack of acknowledgement to gram sabhas in the policy. \"The gram sabhas are empowered under 73rd and civic bodies under 74th amendments to take their own decisions,\" a villager stated.The villagers comunidade land should not be used for non-public interest purposes. \"These community-owned land can only be used for construction of community halls, schools or hospitals,\" the villager added.GXE members said the draft has illogical policies for removal of dumps, which are mandatorily needed for filling up pits.\"The policy shows little respect for land, forests, minerals, water, man, rains and countless other players in the cycle of life, and shows even lesser understanding of our relationships,\" Cavrem villagers stated.A proposal to allow sale of 25 million tonnes per year of rejection is a sheer violation of the mandate for restoration. \"The idea of using empty pits for water conservation and tourism is also illegal,\" a GXE source said.Goa Foundation and other activists have also rejected it as a 'dump mining policy', calling for nationalization of the industry to secure the best value for the people-owned resources.A plethora of violations has marred the extractive industry. \"But it fails to lay down any concrete steps against defaulting mining companies and operators and recognize unlawful aspects regarding environmental clearances,\" the source said. No effort is made to plan sustainable mining, conservation of minerals for future generations and miners may walk away into the sunset without any responsibilities.The policy has overlooked crucial issues of meting out punishment to persons responsible for illegalities, recovery of ore illegally extracted and fair compensation to affected communities. The villagers alleged that the people's voice in mining areas, who are largely tribals is stifled by circulating the policy only in English. \"We also want copies to be available at panchayat offices,\" a North Goa villager stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394765", "title": "My father had predicted a Booker nomination: Jeet Thayil", "text": "Jeet Thayil and I go back a long way. We're almost the same age\u2014he is a month younger.We started off in journalism together, and then went separate ways. I chose entertainment. He chose literature. We lost track. Now to find my old friend being nominated for the Booker prize , called for a reunion. I frantically sought Jeet's number and we caught up with his journey from a cub reportert to a poet to a certifiable loner and now a novelist whose first novel Narcopolis is short-listed for the Booker .A tete-a-tete with India's new literary star Jeet Thayil with Subhash K JhaCongratulations, My God, it's been forever since we last spoke?Yeah...what 15 years? I was not in a very happy state of mind in those times.The booker nomination alongside Tan Twang Eng, Deborah Levy, Hilary Mantel , Alison Moore and Will Self is a breathtaking honour?Thank you.It means a lot to me. The years of isolation and austerity have paid off.When the book appeared in India I had to face a lot of uncomprehending reviews.I expected that, really. Somehow all of what I have gone through is easier to accept because of this Booker short-list.I think pain is a very important impetus for creativity .I think you're right.How many of the 5 co-nominees have you read?I am very familiar with Will Self.I've read him over the years.I've to say I'm not familiar with the others nominees. But I must catch up with the competition.What were your thoughts when heard of the Booker nomination?I've to say I got a bit emotional. My parents, my partner were with me to share the moment. In fact when I was writing the novel my father had predicted a Booker nomination.I thought he was being a bit crazy.Why?Narcopolis is not an easy book to read. It requires some work from the reader. I thought it was the kind of book that would find its readers in ten years. And after the bad reviews it got in India I was sure I was right.What do you have to say about those naysayers now?It's unfortunate. Because outside India I only got good reviews. I don't think it's anything personal.It happens to a lot of Indian writers. It happened to Vikram Seth.Maybe soon our critics would have more confidence in our own writers and artistes.I can see changes happening in that area.Now the book's sales will multiply?In fact that happened when it went on the Booker's long-list.Considering you were always of a literary bent what took you so long to write your first novel?I made two attempts to write novels earlier. I ended up deleting both the attempts\u2014thank God for the 'delete' button which we never had in typewriters.How were you able to judge yourself well enough to know the two novels deserved deletion?I've been a reader my whole life. I can tell when something is not working. In fact one of those deleted novels had been written quite extensively. It was very difficult for me to throw it away.I had written about 10,000 words of that. It was on the verge of being on the point of no return.What was that novel about?It was also set in Mumbai. But the problem with it was,it didn't really have a centre to the plot.Why this fascination with Bombay, sorry Mumbai?If you don't mind I won't use that 'M' word...I am in Delhi right now so what can anyone do to me? Jokes aside, Bombay is as much home for me as Bangalore where I've my family home, and Delhi where my partner stays. But Bombay is my real home. Hence the setting for my novels.Narcopolis is about heroin addiction. Since I am addicted to heroines and not heroin, do clue me in.(laughs) It's interesting you say that. The opening line of my novel is 'Bombay is the hero and the heroin of my story.'There's also a new film called Heroine coming up so it's very confusing.'Narcopolis' is your own coinage?Yes , an amalgamation of 'narcotics' and 'metropolis'. Bombay is the city of intoxication.I am a very frequent visitor to Bombay. I find it very seductive. The minute I land in Bombay I feel a sense of exhilaration that I don't feel anywhere else.What made you inhabit the world of heroin addicts in your first novel?When I first came to Bombay I attended school in St Xaviers. Then I went away to Hong Kong and returned at age 18 to do a BA at the Wilson College, Bombay University. I was staying at a hostel which was a 20-minute walk from Shuklaji Street which was the heart of the opium and drug world of Bombay. A friend from Hong Kong took me to an opium den near Crawford Market.I walked into the den and saw these people smoking from these 19th century pipes.I was more fascinated by the place than the drugs.Did you try the opium?Of course I did. I continued to smoke opium for a few years. Then the opium dens were shut down and heroin came in. I switched to the cheap brown horrible heroin.It's a blessing you're alive?Absolutely. I kicked the habit completely.So now we can expect at least 20 novels in your lifetime?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16390144", "title": "Lack of abattoirs posing health hazards", "text": "GUWAHATI: Meatsellers are selling contaminated meat in the city, which is posing a threat to the health of denizens here, due to the shortage of modern abattoirs.Though three abattoirs are functioning under Assam Livestock and Poultry Development Corporation (ALPCO) in the Khanapara area of the city at present, lack of similar facilities for all the markets in the city has forced traders to resort to unhygienic practices.\"A gazette notification on slaughter houses in Guwahati was out on July 19. But it is yet to be approved by law. Soon after the approval of the bylaw, it will be mandatory for all meat sellers of Guwahati to get the animals and birds get slaughtered in slaughter houses,\" said Guwahati Municipal Corporation (GMC) commissioner Kavitha Padmanabhan.She added that the GMC is planning to introduce small slaughter houses (abattoirs) across Guwahati. \"Existing abattoirs at Khanapara can't cater to the needs of the entire city. So, we are putting thrust on constructing small slaughter houses in different parts of the city, which will be cost affective for meat traders,\" said the GMC commissioner.At present, there are over 300 meat shops in the city out of which only 126 have procured GMC license. Padmanabhan emphasized on conducting awareness programmes as meat processed in abattoirs will cause in slight hike in prices.Chief medical officer (in-charge) of GMC Arun Sharma said small slaughter houses catering to the demand of meat have become quite essential in Guwahati. \"Contaminated meat can spread bacterial, viral and other parasitic diseases which can cause serious health hazards. Many meat shops are functioning in extremely unhygienic conditions,\" added Sarma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391620", "title": "CBI probe into lawyer's death quashed", "text": "MANGALORE: In a major relief to four policemen, including city crime branch police inspector HN Venkatesh Prasanna, a single bench of the Karnataka high court dismissed a demand for CBI probe against them for their alleged role in the death of advocate Naushad Khasimji on Thursday. Naushad was gunned down allegedly by associates of fugitive Ravi Poojary on April 9, 2009 on Sturrock Road here as he was representing Rashid Malbari, hit man of D-Company.Nusrath Jahan, wife of the slain advocate had moved the HC demanding that CBI probe the role of DySP Jayanth Shetty, police inspectors Prasanna, Valentine D'Souza and then PSI Shivaprakash in the death of her husband. A single division bench headed by AS Bopanna in his order found that there was no merit in an earlier order of Justice Mohan Shantanagoudar directing that the CBI probe the role of the police officials.Following Justice Shantanagoudar's order, the state government filed an appeal before the division bench of the high court, which dismissed a suo motu petition filed against the four police officials which accused them of killing a lawyer in an encounter.The PIL was filed after SICHREM members wrote to then chief justice seeking his intervention after Purushottam Poojari, senior of Khasimji, gave a complaint that he suspected foul play behind his junior's murder.The chief justice directed the court to look into the matter. At first the case was treated as habeas corpus, and later taken as PIL. Following this, there was a demand for CBI probe alleging it was an encounter by police as Khasimji was active in filing PILs against them. The Majlis-e-Islah-o-Tanzeem, a NGO representing Bhatkal Muslims, held a rally and submitted a memorandum to state human rights commission demanding a CBI probe.A division bench headed by chief justice Vikramjit Sen and BV Nagarathna observed that the order of Justice Shantanagoudar was not in detail and also not a case in rarest of rare category to be referred to CBI. The case was then referred to single division bench headed by Justice Bopanna. The state informed the court that accused in the Khasimji murder case had been nabbed, weapons seized and even a charge sheet filed before the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mhow", "code": "16388961", "title": "Cycling gaining pace at Infantry School", "text": "MHOW: To keep the environment clean, an increasing number of army officials in Mhow cantonment are preferring bicycles over automobiles.The officers use bicycles to commute to their physical training (PT) venues. They switch is not following any directive from seniors but to prevent air pollution caused by vehicles.Some of the officials who use bicycles on Mall Road while on their way to PT venues include Infantry School commandant Lt Gen J S Bajwa, the deputy commandant Maj Gen A K Pradhan, Brig Mukesh Kumar, Brig S G Balutgi, Brig A K Gupta and Brig R S Rathod.Young officers (YO) at Infantry school too move on bicycles from one block to other for their classes. They include officers from foreign countries.A retired engineer of Military Engineers Services, S P Agrawal, said that he was motivated to see the officers use bicycles and he too has adopted the eco-friendly mode of travel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389172", "title": "JNU Students\u2019 Union polls: Stormy start to presidential debate", "text": "NEW DELHI: Unlike Jawaharlal Nehru University's culture, the presidential debate for the JNU Students' Union polls 2012 was not a smooth one. Right at the start of the debate, it was interrupted and apologies exchanged over provocative statements made on the issue of the proposed 'beef-pork festival' on Wednesday.A statement by one of the presidential candidates nearly resulted in a free-for-all situation before the security intervened. The debate resumed after a break of around 20 minutes and continued till Thursday morning.Unprecedented security arrangement was made for the presidential debate, as the university witnessed a demonstration earlier in the day by a right wing organization protesting against the proposed 'beef-pork festival' planned for late September by the New Materialist Group. While the administration stated that no such festival will be allowed in the campus, it did raise a storm in the presidential debate, the final leg of campaigning for the JNUSU elections.The traditional debate started around 10pm on the Jhelum Lawns as the campus wore a festive look. A lot of alumni and faculty members also turned up to witness the debate.During the debate, the second speaker, an independent candidate, Sandeep Kumar, started his speech stating that such festivals will not be tolerated in the campus. This provoked a lot of students and a group tried to break the barricade dividing the stage and audience. A group of supporters of the speaker joined the melee and a minor scuffle took place. But the security immediately brought the situation under control. As the speaker was not allowed to continue and things refused to calm down, the chair of the debate asked Kumar to take back his word, and after Kumar apologized, he was allowed to complete his speech.The student bodies took up local issues of the university, while ABVP harped on anti-corruption theme, blaming the Congress-led central government and the left to be hand-in-glove. The left-backed organizations, too, joined in criticizing the UPA government, and AISA's candidate Omprakash spoke about the ongoing protest against the Kudankulam nuclear power plant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391045", "title": "Management is anti-worker, says union", "text": "BANGALORE: For a man who's been driving a public bus for 11 years, the state transport corporation management still gives him Rs 4,671, and dismisses his pleas to change his designation from trainee driver to driver. In the case of a BMTC driver who injured his eyes on the job, officials took him to hospital after six hours; by which time he had lost his eyesight. After this, the driver was denied four months' salary.\"Over 33,000 men are working as trainee drivers and conductors but are made to work as regular drivers and conductors. This means one-third of the employees' jobs are not confirmed. Their salary is Rs 4,000 and the hike is of little use,\" said Anantha Subba Rao, president of the KSTC Staff and Workers' Federation.Salaries are revised every four years, which means the salary fixed in 2008 was paid for the next three years, till December 31, 2011. The hike which was to be implemented from January 1 will be paid from September, with arrears.\"Now, transport minister R Ashoka has threatened to invoke Essential Services Maintenance Act (ESMA) which means they are in no mood to solve our problems, and would rather take to draconian measures to make the lives of workers miserable,\" said Rao.'WE PAY HIGHEST WAGES'The wages paid by KSRTC are the highest in the region. Despite drought conditions in the state, BMTC employees have been given a 23% hike, but want 30%. The hike will mean a Rs 2,200 crore financial burden on the corporation over the next four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389838", "title": "Court snubs Teesta Setalvad for interfering in proceedings", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The magisterial court hearing the case of SIT's closure report against chief minister Narendra Modi for his alleged role in the 2002 riots has criticized social activist Teesta Setalvad for her interference in court proceedings.On complaint made by the SIT against Setalvad for filing applications on behalf of complainant Zakia Jafri, metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra on Thursday warned the social activist and asked her to refrain from misusing court proceedings.The court's stern warning came after Setalvad's efforts to represent Zakia by citing a power of attorney (POA) in the criminal proceedings. She continued to do it even after the court decided that since Zakia was represented by her lawyers, Setalvad could not do so through POA. \"It is directed to record the affidavit filed by Teesta Setalvad as a power-of-attorney holder and she has been given ultimatum that from now onwards she should refrain from misusing court proceedings by filing applications which arenot in her power,\" court said.Meanwhile, the court has kept September 26 for initial hearing for filing of protest petition against the SIT's closure report. The issue of missing documents lasted long so that the SIT had requested the court during the last hearing that the complainant should be asked to file a protest petition soon.The court has concluded that once inspection of 25,000-page report is over, illegible copies of documents and those CDs that do not function may not be taken on record.Zakia's counsel S M Vora, however, felt that it is too short a time to file protest petition. \"It has more then 25,000 pages including two bulky reports. If SIT can take more then five months, even after long investigation, to file it's report (after Supreme Court'sorder), we should be given more time to file protest petition,\" the lawyer argued.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16389780", "title": "Traffic curbs in place around HC", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the coming festival season, police commissioner Anurag Sharma on Thursday announced restrictions on the movement of people in the vicinity of the AP High Court. The restrictions will remain until Novermber 12.The step has been taken to prevent public meetings, demonstrations and processions in the area as it would affect the smooth functioning of the court.The commissioner announced restrictions on the northern side of the high court building from City College junction to Nayapul road, Madina Circle to City College road and lanes leading to Ghansi Bazaar and Patel Market, Nayapul-Madina Circle-High Court road, Pathargatti-Madina Circle-High Court road, Muslim Jung Bridge circle to High Court road, Puranapul-PTO-City College crossroads-High Court road and Moosabowli-Mehendi-City College crossroads- High Court road.Accordingly, assembly of five or more persons, carrying of firearms, banners, placards, lathis, spears, swords, sticks and other weapons, shouting of slogans, speeches, processions and demonstrations, picketing or dharnas in public place have been prohibited.People found violating the order would be liable for punishment under Section 188 of the Indian Penal Code and as per the provisions of Hyderabad City Police Act, a release from the commissioner's office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390360", "title": "Cheating case against Jeevitha, Rajasekhar", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the directions of the Nampally court, the Banjara Hills police on Thursday registered a cheating case against actor couple Jeevitha and Rajasekhar. The case was registered after a dispute broke out over the rights of upcoming film 'Mahankali'.Banjara Hills inspector Chandrashekar Goud said Surender Reddy, the producer of the movie, approached court claiming that the film rights given to him by the couple were also sold to Multimedia Dimension Entertainment. The couple is partners of the film in which Rajasekhar himself is the hero.\"Surender Reddy got a legal notice from Multimedia Dimension Entertainment saying that it is they who have the distribution rights over the movie Mahankali. Surender Reddy approached the court, which in turn directed us to register a case,'' Chandrashekar said.Meanwhile, Vallabanenni Ashok, a film financier, who gave money to Surender Reddy, has been allegedly threatened by an assistant commissioner of police rank officer and an inspector, both attached to Task Force wing of Hyderabad police, at the behest of star couple. I have been getting calls from these two officials asking me to take what every little money given by Jeevitha and Rajashekar, otherwise, I was threatened to dire consequences. Despite I and my family members brought the issue to the notice of Hyderabad police commissioner, I still continue to get telephone calls from them,'' Ashok said.Police said a case was registered under section 406 (Punishment for criminal breach of trust) and 420 (Cheating) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391021", "title": "11 suspects will remain in police custody till Sept. 27", "text": "BANGALORE: Eleven suspects arrested in connection with the two alleged terror modules busted by city police were on Thursday remanded to further police custody till Sept. 27.They were produced before the II Additional Chief Metropolitan Magistrate G Nanjunadaiah, who extended the police custody by two weeks. Elaborate security measures were in place at the court on Nrupatunga Road.Senior public prosecutor KS Revanasiddappa argued that the accused were wanted in a case of national importance and security. \"Their custody is needed to find their connections in terror modules in which they were allegedly involved. Police want their custody to investigate whether others too were involved,\" he said.Police had stated that the accused were needed to trace phone calls and emails received from Saudi Arabia. Three of the accused have admitted visiting Pakistan and police are yet to ascertain the purpose of their visit.Three more suspects, arrested subsequently, will be produced before the court on Saturday. Police sources said they intend to seek extension of custody.Leading a battery of advocates for the accused, Anees Ali Khan said police are unnecessarily harassing his clients though they were not required to be in custody as all investigation into their suspected links are over. \"They may be remanded to judicial custody instead,\" he argued.MCA student Shoaib Ahmed Mirza, journalist Muthi-ur-Rahman Siddiqui, DRDO software engineer Aijaz Ahmed Mirza, Dr Jaffer Iqbal Sholapur, private company employee Abdul Hakeem Jamadar, Riaz Ahmed Byahatti, Mohd Yusuf Nalband, Obedulla Bahadur alias Imran, Wahid Hussein alias Sohail, Mohammed Sadiq alias Raju and Babu alias Mehaboob were those produced in court.A senior police officer accompanying the accused said the investigating team didn't have any objection to their parents and family members meeting them. \"We have given them ample freedom to meet the accused at a time of their choice,\" he said.The story so far* Two youths arrested in Basaveshwaranagar police limits on August 29; bike-borne duo allegedly on a mission to kill a prominent person in the area* Interrogation of duo led police to a one-bedroom house in Munireddy Palya where four of their associates were arrested* Five associates arrested in Hubli the same day* Three more suspects arrested later* Initially, police claimed the suspects were linked to Lashkar-e-Toiba and Harkat-ul-Jehad-al-Islami and were being directed by handlers in Saudi Arabia* Bangalore and Hubli modules had allegedly been asked to eliminate prominent personalities, including an MP", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394883", "title": "Reducing appetite to combat obesity ups stress", "text": "Ghrelin is a hormone released by the lining of the stomach that promotes feeding behaviour.Decreasing ghrelin levels could potentially help combat obesity -- in fact, a vaccine that lowers ghrelin levels in order to reduce appetite is being studied as a treatment for obesity.However, many people eat as a way to relieve stress. If low ghrelin levels increase stress, its effectiveness as a treatment for obesity may be reduced.In a new study, researchers led by Dr. Zane Andrews of Monash University in Australia showed that mice with no ghrelin are more anxious after stress, but that administration of endogenous ghrelin prevents the over-anxious response.Previous studies have indicated that ghrelin can be either anxiety-causing or anxiety-relieving. This new set of studies now reveals that this dual role in anxiety behavior is context-dependent.Under non-stressed conditions, normal mice show mild anxiety relative to mice without ghrelin. Under acute stress, normal mice mount an appropriate ghrelin response to stress and are less anxious than no-ghrelin mice. In other words, stress-induced ghrelin release targets the body's stress system to stimulate a hormonal response that will combat the stress.Ghrelin promotes the drive for food intake and maintains blood glucose during negative energy balance as well as subserving the rewarding nature of food.\"We postulate that, under conditions of acute stress, ghrelin limits excessive anxious behavior by promoting the feeling of reward to ensure appropriate food-seeking behavior and maintain energy homeostasis. Consistent with this idea, studies from Jeff Zigman and colleagues showed that elevated ghrelin during calorie restriction produced anxiolytic responses in a test of anxious behavior,\" said Andrews.\"We hypothesize that ghrelin suppresses anxiety under acutely stressful conditions to encourage food seeking and maintain appropriate energy homeostasis. Indeed, the importance of ghrelin in controlling stress-induced anxiety might manifest only during conditions of elevated plasma ghrelin, such as negative energy balance and calorie restriction,\" he continued.\"This phenomenon represents an important evolutionary adaptation that maintains food-seeking behavior in the face of acutely stressful environments.\"The study has been published in the current issue of Biological Psychiatry .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16396060", "title": "I wish Saif-Kareena happy married life: Brad Pitt", "text": "Brad Pitt whose next film 'Killing Them Softy' releases on October 5 talks about his film, character and also Bollywood's most popular jodi Saif and Kareena.Tell us about your character in Killing Them Softly? I play Jackie Cogan, a professional enforcer who investigates a heist that went down during a mob-protected poker game. I am the smooth operator who is 'hired to kill' in this brutal crime drama full of bad men. The film is an adaptation of George V Higgins' novel Cogan's Trade, with the action from the 70s brought down to depict the 2008 financial crisis. So in that sense, Cogan belongs to the modern social setting.How was it working with Andrew Dominik once again after The Assassination of Jesse James by the Coward Robert Ford? Andrew has become a great friend of mine and Jesse James remains one of my personal favorites. I thought it was one of the best movies Andrew has made till date. I am fortunate that he chose me to play the principal character of the infamous gang leader. It will always be a special film as I won the Best Actor Award at the Venice Film Festival for playing the legendary outlaw. We developed a strong bond since that film. For Killing Them Softly, he just had to lay out the story and we were done. I was hooked. This is our second gangster outing but this one is set against a political backdrop.\"Cogan's Trade,\" the book the movie is based on, was written in the 1970s. How does that mix with the modern setting? We are always looking for stories that say something about our time and who we are. If Cogan's Trade is about the heists and hits of a criminal underworld written in the '70s; its story only reflects the criminality underpinning the US's financial crisis and the \"great divide\" in today's America. The film's final scene takes place on the night of Barack Obama's election victory, wherein my character Jackie bleakly assesses the state of the nation. America is not a country, it's a business.I read the script at the height of the mortgage crisis, when people were losing their homes right and left. It was criminal. It was the political weight of the film that attracted me to the project. I certainly felt on reading the script that this was making a commentary. I felt I was reading a gangster film and then ... it coalesced that this microcosm was saying something about the macro-world.It is an honest reflection of real life. We live in a violent world. I certainly grew up hunting, which is a very violent act. I saw it as absolutely important to film.How was it working with your co-star James Gandolfini &amp; Richard Jenkins in the movie? It was a wonderful experience working with the two. Watching Jenkins, I felt like I was watching Peter Sellers, really, and I mean that. And then watching Gandolfini I felt like I was watching (Marlon) Brando. For an actor, you have respect for other actors when they do something that is under the skin and unexpected and something I would have never expected. You really enjoy it, and this was one of those experiences.Is it true that you do not feel \"safe without the gun\"? Are you motivated to keep the gun after working on Killing Them Softly ? America is a country founded on guns. It's in our DNA. It's very strange, but I feel better having a gun. I really do. I am very protective about my family and that is what motivated me to keep the gun. I have learnt to use the gun in a better way after working on Killing Them Softly.What do you think about the Bollywood Saifeena pair as many see them and relate it to Brangelina? (Laughs) Well, they are a good looking couple! No two individuals in a relationship can be the same as another so I don't know if it is correct to compare them to us. But I am glad they will soon be getting married and I wish them all the luck and a beautiful life ahead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389749", "title": "Gujarat assembly election: Amit Shah jumps into fray", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi's trusted political aide, Amit Shah , is very much in the fray for the Gujarat assembly election, even if the Central Bureau of Investigation were to re-arrest him shortly in the Tulsiram Prajapati encounter case.It is another matter whether Shah, who is externed from Gujarat in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh encounter case, will be at Modi's side or not in this crucial election. Apparently, Modi has assured Shah that he would get to contest one of the three seats which have been carved out of his Sarkhej constituency after delimitation.In 2007, Shah had won from the huge Sarkhej seat by a margin of 2,35,823 votes, one of the highest in Gujarat.Shah has insisted he would prefer Ghatlodia, a seat which his rival Anandiben Patel was also eyeing. Shah's men have already become active in the middle-class neighbourhood which is quite a safe seat for Shah even if he is not able to visit the constituency. His loyalists were worried over the prospect of Shah not being given a ticket to contest the coming elections and were certain that this would have impaired his political future.When the monsoon session of the Parliament was on, Shah had been regularly using the office in Parliament of the BJP leader in Rajya Sabha Arun Jaitley to plan the strategy for Gujarat elections.Om Mathur, a Rajasthan leader who has been brought back to beef up the BJP think-tank, was the third person constantly present at these meetings. If Shah manages to stay out of jail, even if barred from entering Gujarat, party sources said he would be remote-controlling a lot of activities from New Delhi.The law does not prevent Shah from contesting even if he is a murder accused. He may not like the comparison but the last a person won an election from jail in Ahmedabad was in 1987 when underworld don Abdul Latif won from five seats in civic polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389686", "title": "Aseem goes back to Delhi", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after being released from prison, cartoonist Aseem Trivedi returned to New Delhi on Thursday.The Mumbai police's special branch advised IAC's city chief Mayank Gandhi to take police protection, which he declined.Assistant commissioner of police (Vakola division) GT Padwal said they have not formed any team to probe Trivedi's case. \"Senior officers have been asked to check whether the sections applied were proper and whether advertisers and the arrested persons have followed procedures to put hoardings. I am taking help of three cosp to prepare the report, which will be submitted to the court,\" said Padwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391056", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi goes green with papier mache idol", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With only five days to go for Ganesh Chaturthi, the stage is set for grand celebrations. The 2.5 foot idol to be kept in the Maharashtra Bhawan \"pandal\" in Sector 19-D has already arrived from Pune along with artificial decorations made of thermocol. Besides, hundreds of idols, in different sizes and colours, which devotees will carry home are getting a final touch-up from Bengali artists at the Kalibari temple. There are idols with Lord Ganesha seated on a lotus , reclining on a couch or resting on a leaf.Keeping their promise of making it a green festival, city-based Maharashtrians have brought an idol made up of papier mache instead of plaster of Paris. \"This year it will be a five-day celebration at the Maharashtra Bhawan, wherein the main highlight would be the \"anand mela,\" which will be the food festival. A variety of Maharashtrian food items will be on offer at the fest,\" informed Madhav Bhaskar Sane, president of Sarvajanik Ganeshotsava Samiti Maharashtra Mandal.Some of the traditional Marathi dishes including \"shrikhand,\" \"puran poli,\" \"modak\" and \"ukdi che modak\" will be on offer. Punjabi food too will be available at the food stalls. The festival will also see competitions for women and children like on-the-spot vegetable jewellery competition, cooking sweet and salty dishes eaten on the day of fasting, gift-wrapping, and thumb-printing. The contributory dinner will be served after various programmes everyday. The \"puja\" on the occasion would be held at the Kalibari temple and the Maharashtra Bhawan, at 9am and 7am respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393925", "title": "Yaami Gautam injured", "text": "While shooting a song sequence of a Tamil movie, Vicky Donor fame Yaami Gautam met with an accident on the bike where she badly injured her leg.She was shooting for this sequence in the district of Rajamundri which is seven hours away from Hyderabad. Everyone on the sets was panicked and they called the doctors since the injury was bad.Since, the shoot had to be completed, Yaami told the doctor to give high dose medicines so that she could resume the shoot in 2 hours.\"Yes I met with a small accident during a bike sequence for the film and ended up injuring my leg. Luckily we had a doctor on stand-by so it was tended to immediately also the cast and crew were very supportive,\" said Yami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391686", "title": "From unemployment dole to Janta Darshan, CM gets thumbs down", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six months since the Samajwadi Party government took over the administrative reins of Uttar Pradesh, there is a popular perception that Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav is yet to take any bold decision. An overwhelming 75% people who responded to the survey gave thumbs down to the Akhilesh government stating that they have not seen the government playing a proactive role in taking up developmental issues pertaining to the state. In comparison, only 19% of the respondents answered in favour of Akhilesh.For starters, the government's decision to give out unemployment allowance to people appears to have only found favour with a small section of people. If 19% of the respondents have referred to this decision as a bold one, SP's flagship scheme-the free distribution of tablet PCs to students passing class X-has largely been dismissed as wasteful expenditure, with only 4% respondents welcoming the move. Another populist measure by the SP government, the Kanya Vidya Dhan to promote higher education among girls, has also, surprisingly, not been applauded by the people of state, with only 5% people finding the scheme useful.Akhilesh's government also appears to have fallen out of favour with the people of UP for being unable to strengthen basic healthcare services in the state. Making specific reference to the ambulance service that was flagged off by the chief minister early last month, only 2% people said that the service has proved to be useful. Crucially, the government has, till date, not set up a toll-free number that people can call, in order to avail these services. The Emergency Medical Transport System scheme, which was to be made operational under the National Rural Health Mission has still not been implemented across the state. Though ambulances have been acquired for a full-scale roll out and the private partner roped in to implement the services, the government has, so far, only made preparations to start the ambulances in some VIP districts of the state, including Lucknow, Kannauj, Etawah, Mainpuri and Rampur, among others.If the Samajwadi Party government was hoping to cash in on the reservation in promotion issue by openly trashing the reservation bill pending in Parliament, the people of UP do not appear convinced. Only 2% respondents to the survey have called this a bold step. In sharp contrast, 98% people of the state have said Akhilesh has been unable to rein in party workers from doing \"wrong things\". People have also felt that the chief minister and his government have been unable to get all his people to work properly. Similarly, he has failed to take action against corrupt politicians even after promising to take action against them and failed to ensure communal harmony and prevent riots in the state.If reintroducing Janta Darshan, where the chief minister meets the masses, was being regarded as a way to drive home the chief minister's easy accessibility, only 1% people have found the exercise useful. With over 98% people acknowledging that Akhilesh has been able to do little to increase jobs, improve the power condition, ensure quality education for the poor, take concrete measures against corruption and, in general, give good governance to all, much remains to be done by the young CM.With dismal statistics and an unimpressive track record, Uttar Pradesh has been at the centre of global health challenges. That health has not found its place on the political agenda continues to be a popular perception among most people in UP. No wonder, 69% respondents say that Samajwadi Party government has done little to improve healthcare in the state.While 30% have welcomed the move to start the government-run ambulance service, only 4% were aware that the chief minister had already flagged off one such service. Though many initiatives taken by the chief minister and his team have struck a cord with the people of the state - Akhilesh's decision to set up the All India Institute of Medical Sciences in Rae Bareli has been applauded - a wide perception persists that the government had not done enough to make the healthcare system robust.For instance, at least 13% people in the state have welcomed the SP government's decision to distribute free medicine to the poor and also free treatment in hospitals. Conversely, though, with a weak implementation system, doubts prevail over the ability of the government to ensure that the services were delivered to beneficiaries. A small percentage of people have also welcomed Akhilesh's decision to provide free medical treatment to people living below the poverty line and to abolish entry and admission fee for the poor in government hospitals. However, with the government having taken few proactive measures to fill the vacancies in the medical department, recruit doctors to hospitals and ASHAs at health centres, a large number of UP's population remains doubtful about the efforts being made to improve the current setup.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16389017", "title": "Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital inspection raises hopes", "text": "INDORE: District collector's unexpected inspection at Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) recently, has raised hopes of getting the derailed administration in track. But, at the same time it has evoked several questions whether such visits are to create panic in medical community or more than that.Experts suggest that if administration is seriously looking for the benefit of patients, then a community medicine department should be established in the new Out Patient Department (OPD) building.The department plays a key role even in major hospitals like KEM, Mumbai and AIIMS, New Delhi where all the patients are primarily registered and referred to community medicine OPDs.Dr Sanjay Dixit, HOD, community medicine at Mahatma Gandhi Medical College said, \"Institutions like AIIMS give degree in family medicine/ community medicine. Similarly MYH should also get community medicine department for proper dealing with patients.\"Interestingly, Dixit had written to the dean nearly six months back to give space to the department to run its activities in newly-built OPD but the matter was put on the back burner.At present, the existing community medicine department has approximately 18 member staff including two professors, three associate professors, four assistant professors, five demonstrators and five PG students.At least 12 out of 18 members can attend OPD at MYH on alternate basis, which could benefit patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "london", "code": "16391053", "title": "'Gene disorder tied to large breasts killed Tutankhamun'", "text": "LONDON: Egyptian Pharoah Tutankhamun and many of his immediate predecessors may have died early due a rare genetic disorder, which led to their unusually large breasts, a new theory suggests.Hutan Ashrafian, a British surgeon believes it could explain the reason behind King Tut's death in his teens. He points out that Tutankhamun and his immediate predecessors all died young and all had distinctly feminine physiques, the Daily Mail said.Ashrafian believes the pharaohs suffered from a heritable form of temporal lobe epilepsy, which as well as accounting for their abnormally large breasts would also explain why two reportedly experienced religious visions.The condition is known to cause hallucinations particularly after exposure to sunlight. And the temporal lobe is also connected to parts of the brain which release hormones involved in sexual development, explaining the development of large breasts.Examination of Tutankhamun's mummified body showed he had a fractured leg which could have been the result of an epileptic seizure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390393", "title": "Focus back on opium case", "text": "VARANASI: IG GL Meena on Thursday directed SSP BD Paulson to begin process for cancellation of bail of one of the accused involved in siphoning of opium from Government Opium and Alkaloid Works (GOAW), Ghazipur. It now seems that the police focus has again shifted on the issue. With the reshuffle in police department after the formation of the new government, investigation in the sensational opium case lost pace. No effort was made to arrest the absconders, including the assistant commandant of CISF, who was initially transferred and attached with the headquarters.On February 29, the Varanasi police had recovered 558 kg of raw opium stored at a house in Jaitpura and arrested CISF constable Gopal Ghare, Sheetal Jaiswal alias Kallu of Teliana Hanuman Phatak and Om Prakash Yadav while one accomplice identified as Tushar alias Babu managed to escape. On the information provided by the three, Munna Keshari and Kamlesh Keshari of Golaghat in Ghazipur were also arrested. When the stock verification process started at GOAW it came to light that apart from 25 containers recovered in Jaitpur, 27 others containing over 600 kg of raw opium were missing.The then IG had constituted a committee for monitoring the case. As the investigation progressed, the number of accused rose to 22, of which 13 were arrested while two surrendered before the court. Seven other accused have not been arrested so far while the police have filed chargesheet against 15 before the court. During investigation, involvement of assistant commandant of CISF Khajan Singh and sub-inspector (fire service) Santosh Kumar also come to light. The police have got non-bailable warrant against these two from the court and the process for attachment of their property had also been started.On Wednesday, the IG received a letter from district government counsel AK Singh which stated that accused Munna alias Santosh Kesari has succeeded in getting bail from Allahabad High Court on July 30 last. The IG forwarded a letter to the SSP, instructing him to begin the process for the cancellation of his bail. Meena said that the process for the arrest of absconding accused had been intensified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16391422", "title": "\u2018Authorities need to check gutka sale\u2019", "text": "LUDHIANA: Members of Akal Welfare Society on Thursday burned \"gutka\" packets that were being sold at a kiosk outside Krishna Temple in Model Town Extension. Not willing to let anybody tarnish the holy space outside the temple, 24-year-old Sachin Dhingra, a businessman of Model Gram, said, \"Krishna Mandir is a very sacred place and we cannot allow any such activity here.\" Stressing that the public's role in implementing such bans was of prime importance, 25-year-old Kamaljot Singh and 52-year-old Harjit Singh agreed: \"If people stop buying, they will stop selling. It is as simple as that.\" Hopeful that Thursday's action would bear result, Satpal Singh of Model House said, \"As citizens, our powers are restricted, but the authorities can take action against such vendors.\" Asking Ludhianvis to bring the sale of \"gutka\" to police's notice, ADCP Harmohan Singh said, \"If any complaint is made, we will act stringently against the defaulter.\" Talking about the role of health department, civil surgeon Dr Subhash Batta said, \"The police works in collaboration with health officials. Right from the manufacturer to the seller or retailer, a challan can be issued to whoever is found guilty under the Food Safety Act.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391764", "title": "Inter-collegiate festival at Pilar", "text": "PANAJI: Fr Agnel College of arts and commerce, Pilar, will organize its national inter-collegiate festival, 'Merchants Fest 2012', on September 14 and 15. The highlights of the festival include the 'Business baron' title, where participants will be put through three gruelling rounds - 'Biz Infra Recce'-' a small scale industry-building challenge; 'Venture Adventure', which deals with the financial feasibility of a business plan and 'Ad Guru' where students shoot and present a visual advertisement.Jazz Junction at Baga: Singer Ruth Walsh will perform with jazz ensemble Jazz Junction on September 14 at the Royal Goan Beach Club, Baga. Jazz Junction is led by bassist Colin D'Cruz and also features Australian saxophonist Simon Hewitt, pianist Jason Quadros and drummer Lester Godinho. There will be no entry fee. For details call on 6716307.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389827", "title": "Youth held for theft from trains", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Local crime branch (LCB) officials of Government Railway Police, Ahmedabad, nabbed a youth for stealing goods from trains.Police said that more than five thefts were detected with his arrest.Police identified the accused as Jeetendra Thakor, 21, a resident of Viramgam. Thakor was arrested following a tip-off about his involvement in thefts and his scheduled arrival at Kalupur railway station. \"Thakor used to board crowded trains from and to Ahmedabad to commit thefts. He used to take sleeper class ticket for a nearby destination and then would go to air-conditioned coaches for stealing,\" said LCB sub-inspector K S Brahmbhatt.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hosanagara (hassan dist)", "code": "16391726", "title": "'I now feel I have achieved something'", "text": "HOSANAGARA (HASSAN DIST): On a day when he was extended a rousing welcome from villagers enroute to his native Hosanagara from Hassan, HN Girisha said he is now getting to understand that he has done something great. \"I now feel that I've achieved something that is worth celebrating,\" he told TOI at the end of his five-hour journey from Hassan to his native place en route which he was greeted by people.Reaching his village at the border of Hassan and Kodagu districts at 7.20 pm, he was ecstatic. The feeling of achieving something is sinking in. Now I've to achieve more to make my village and country proud, he said, adding he will select a job that allows him to focus on his set goal. \"There is an offer from the Union government to be Class 1 officer and from the state I've been offered a post of coach. I'll see which suits me better,\" he stated.The star athlete was taken to the village temple ( Devamma temple) and offered pooja. He travelled in an open jeep to his native village where hundreds descended from the area to see and greet the local hero who has made a name at the international sporting arena. When he left Hassan at 3 pm, he didn't expect people, especially schoolchildren, to line up and greet him.\"It was a pleasant surprise for me,\" he explained. He took five hours to cover 45 km as people mobbed him to wish him along the way. At Ramanathapura, his vehicle was mobbed by the swelling crowd and the cops had a tough time. At Baragur, students from Moorarji Desai residential school were happy to meet him. Travelling in a state car, Girisha got down at many places and greeted people. As he reached Gorur, 30 km from Hassan, he made a stop at his college, which had given him a new lease of life, and spent some time. He was greeted by former MLA A T Ramaswamy there before he was taken in a procession", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389902", "title": "Mansi Tower vegetable market shifted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you have been wondering where the Mansi Tower vegetable market has disappeared to in the last few weeks, here is the answer. The market has been shifted to a nearby public garden a little away from the Mansi petrol pump.The bustling market, which thrived between Satellite Tower and Satyagraha Chhavni, was shifted by Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) a few days ago to the new location. \"The shifting was done because the stretch between Mansi Crossroads and S G Road is being designed as a model road and vending activity is strictly prohibited,\" says a senior estate department official of AMC .Shweta Parmar, who is among the 70-odd hawkers to be relocated, claims she and others have been able to do just 20 per cent of their daily business in the new location. \"Earlier, passersby would stop and buy vegetables, today, no one in the area is aware where we have been relocated. If we start registering more losses, we may be forced to start doing business by the road again,\" Parmar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16390111", "title": "Police fire in air to disperse mob", "text": "Biharsharif: Hilsa police resorted to several rounds of fire in the air to disperse rampaging students of ACU College, Hilsa in Nalanda district when irate students burnt a truck and pelted the police with stones after the vehicle crushed to death one of their colleagues and critically injured the other.Two Intermediate students of ACU College, Pancham Kumar, son of an LJP leader Rampravesh Paswan, and Guddu Kumar, son of one, Kailu Prasad, both residents of Khaddi Lodipur village under Hilsa PS area were on way to college on a bicycle when a speeding sand-laden tuck hit the cycle from behind killing Pancham Kumar on the spot. Guddu Kumar was referred to Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) in a critical condition.On hearing this, a large number of students from the college and local residents set the truck on fire and also prevented the fire engines from extinguishing the fire. When police intervened and tried to pacify the rampaging people, they started throwing stones at the police. Finding the situation going out of control, the police fired several rounds in the air to disperse the mob. Sources said that police fired at least a dozen shots in the air to disperse the rampaging crowd. After the firing, the people started running helter skelter in which several persons got injured.Hilsa SHO Rahul Kumar said that the police used little force in dispersing the rampaging crowd but denied that the police fired shots in the air to control the situation. He said that six persons were arrested for indulging in arson. Sources said that the entire Hilsa Bazaar had turned into a police camp as hundreds of police personnel were deployed there to keep vigil on the situation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388779", "title": "Millennium depot to stay if govt alters master plan", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Thursday granted six months' time to the Delhi government to amend the Delhi Master Plan, 2021, to convert the temporary bus depot at Yamuna Bank opposite the Millennium Park into a permanent one.While disposing of petitions that claimed that constructing a permanent bus depot on the river bank is in violation of the Master Plan and DDA's zonal plan, and raises environmental concerns, a bench of acting chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw, said if the government fails to amend the Plan in the given time, the bus depot will have to be relocated.The court also asked the petitioners to present ecological objections when the government begins the amendment process. \"There is a specific procedure for effecting the change in the Master Plan which includes issuing a notice to the public and inviting objections. Once the procedure is complete, it is up to the petitioners to file their objections and raise environmental issues which will have to be considered,\" the court said.The court order said, \"Six months have been granted to the (Delhi government) to make changes in the Master Plan; to change the land use if possible, and bring it in conformity with the present use. In case the Master Plan is amended in this manner, the bus depot would continue to operate from the given site.\"If the amendment fails then DTC will have to ask DDA \"to allot an alternative site. Feasibility of the site at Mayur Vihar can also be considered at that stage\".The court accepted Delhi government's standing counsel Najmi Waziri's submission that the government was planning to modify the Master Plan. \"As per MPD 2021, the land use of the site is river/ water body. Admittedly, any construction has to be in conformity with the Master Plan. May be for this reason, when the land was allotted to DTC before the Commonwealth Games, it was for the purpose of 'temporary' parking, that too, in view of the security threat perceptions prevailing in the region,\" the court said.The court order came on two two petitions that alleged that building such a depot near the Nizamuddin Bridge would also pose an environmental threat as it is located on an active flood plain and water recharging area. One of the petitioners, Anand Arya, claimed he had obtained the information through an RTI application and alleged that the depot was constructed in contradiction with the opinion of Delhi Urban Arts Commission (DUAC). He said the Commission had suggested that a permanent structure cannot be constructed on the river bank. DTC, however, has built Asia's largest bus terminal on the 60 acres of land.In the second PIL, environmentalist Vinod Jain contended that the depot was constructed temporarily for the Commonwealth Games after which it should have been dismantled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391082", "title": "State board tweaks std XI, XII syllabi for JEE", "text": "PUNE: Topics such as international system units, symbols, nomenclature of physical quantities and formulations that figure in entrance examinations have been included in the state board syllabi for standards XI and XII.These and some more changes have been made by the state board to help students for the joint entrance exam (JEE) for engineering admissions, to be conducted by the union ministry of human resource and development.The state cabinet on Wednesday approved the ministry of higher and technical education's proposal to become part of JEE from the academic year 2014-15.Sarjerao Jadhav, chairman of the Maharashtra state board of secondary and higher secondary education, said, \"There is need to provide sufficient conceptual background of chemistry which will help the students while appearing for different common entrance tests at the state and national level. The new syllabus will equip them to meet the challenges of academic and professional courses like medicine, engineering, technology, etc, after the +2 stage.\"The state board has particularly changed various topics in subjects such as mathematics, physics, chemistry and biology which are key subjects for any entrance test.In mathematics, the focus is on acquiring knowledge and critical understanding, through problem solving. \"One of the objectives is to develop positive attitude enabling the students to think and analyze problems in a logical way,\" Jadhav said.According to the board, the new syllabi aim at enhancing creative thinking among students. Chemistry syllabus will help students meet the challenges for courses like medicine, engineering and technology after standard XII. The new topics in chemistry are related to health, nutrition, environment, population, weather, industries and agriculture.Environmental chemistry will include chemical reactions in atmosphere , smog, major atmospheric pollutants, acid rain, ozone and its reactions, effects of depletion of ozone layer, green house effect and global warming. Pollution due to industrial wastes, green chemistry as an alternative tool for reducing pollution, strategy for control of environmental pollution are also some of the newly included topics.Medha Keni, principal of Maharashtra Madhyamik Junior College, said, \"The syllabi upgradation has incorporated topics that will enhance the problem-solving abilities of students. The syllabi will definitely help them to develop processing skills and experimental, observational, manipulative and decision making abilities which are extremely important for attempting national level entrance tests.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390505", "title": "Diesel price hike causes much heartburn in city kitchens", "text": "CHENNAI: The government's decision to cap the supply of subsidised LPG cylinders to six per annum and the hike in diesel prices will increase an average middleclass household budget by a few thousand rupees a year.As a family of four uses about nine cylinders a year, the rest of the three cylinders have to be bought at about 730 each, which means an additional expenditure of about 1,000. Adding to that burden would be the expected increase in prices of vegetables and other commodities that come to the city by trucks. Chithranath Vadakkeppat, a resident of Chetpet, said LPG companies have implemented the rule in a different way even before the official announcement came on Thursday. \"We are allowed to book a new cylinder only after one month since the delivery of the first cylinder. And the delivery takes another 15 to 30 days. An average middleclass family will be in trouble if this rule has to be followed,\" he said.R Varalakshmi, who runs a small creche in the southern outskirts of the city said she would have to increase the monthly fees of children as she spends a lot of LPG heating milk and making snacks for them every hour.\"My family budget will go for a toss. I know increasing the kids' fees will be an additional burden to parents, but I can't help it,\" she said.CPM state secretariat member A Arumuga Nainar said the diesel price hike will make a serious impact on prices of food products since their transportation is completely dependent on diesel-run vehicles,\" he said. R Soundarajan, market advisor to the Koyambedu Wholesaler's Association said there may not be an immediate increase in prices of commodities, but eventually there will be a chain reaction as truckers increase their charges and wholesalers and retailers pass it on to the customer.\"We will convene a meeting of transport operators, traders and other stake holders before we take a final call on increasing the prices of vegetables and fruits,\" he said. K M Narasimhan, former president of the Chennai Good Transporters Association, said the government could have increased the fuel price in smaller installments. \"The 5 increase will pinch everyone,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391731", "title": "SIC Padwal quits post SC blow", "text": "PANAJI: State information commissioner (SIC) Pradeep Padwal resigned from the post on Thursday shortly after a Supreme Court ruling that information commissioners should have judicial backgrounds.The ruling comes as a setback to chief minister Manohar Parrikar's choice of SIC for the second time around. He has repeatedly maintained that an SIC need not have legal knowledge.Speaking to TOI, Padwal said, \"Yes, I have resigned from the state information commissioner post with immediate effect in view of the Supreme Court ruling. It could have been argued that my appointment was before the apex court ruling, but I am clear with my decision. I am not there (as SIC) from tomorrow.\"Parrikar's previous SIC candidate, former chairman of Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education Pandurang Nadkarni, informed the government on June 22 that he was not interested in the post after social activist Aires Rodrigues challenged his appointment.Rodrigues, who also challenged Padwal's appointment, this time in the high court of Bombay at Goa, has maintained that an SIC should have wide knowledge and experience of law as required by Section 15(5) of the Right to Information (RTI) Act.While challenging Nadkarni's appointment, he had alleged that the Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch leader was close to BJP leaders. Padwal took charge as SIC on August 9 after his appointment in July.Earlier this week, the high court adjourned Rodrigues' SIC hearing in view of a similar petition being heard in the apex court.Padwal told TOI, \"There's a case in the high court and I don't want the government to be in an embarrassing situation because of me.\" He said he had applied for the post after the government had advertised for it and was selected. \"There is no fault of mine in the case,\" he stressed.Goa People's Forum convener Satish Sonak has written to the chief minister seeking an amendment to the RTI Act in view of the apex court order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390344", "title": "DGP orders probe into SP detention episode", "text": "HYDERABAD: After dilly-dallying all through the day, freed Police Transport Organisation (PTO) superintendent of police E Lakshminarayana late on Thursday gave a written complaint against his captor, suspended constable Giri Prasad Sharma. On the other hand, Sharma was busy throughout the day. First he met director general of police (DGP) V Dinesh Reddy and then addressed the media.Meanwhile, the DGP ordered an inquiry into Wednesday's episode. \"DGP Dinesh Reddy ordered inquiry into the episode of suspended head constable Giri Prasad Sharma of PTO, who held his superior officer Lakshminarayana, SP, as hostage. The AIG (Admn), Police Head Quarters, has been entrusted with the inquiry into the hostage incident and submit a report at the earliest,'' director-general (Law and Order) SA Huda said in an official release issued here.Ironically, SP Lakshminarayana went 'absconding' for most of Thursday as the Saifabad police tried to contact him. He did not even answer their phone calls. Then, a SI went to the SP's house in Rajendranagar, but the officer was not available there and his family members did not know his whereabouts. Finally, the officer turned up at his house in the evening, but he refused to lodge any complaint against the head constable.Irked by the SP's behaviour, a senior police officer gave a stern warning to him that if he did not lodge a complaint, the matter would be reported to the DGP. After the warning, Lakshminarayana gave a written complaint to the Saifabad SI and cases were booked against Sharma under sections 189 (Threatening a public servant with injury to him), 365 (Kidnapping or abducting with intent secretly and wrongfully to confine a person) and 506 (Criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). However, he was not arrested. Earlier in the day, Sharma met Dinesh Reddy and apologized for Wednesday's incident. Later, talking to the media, he said: \"Dinesh Reddy was kind enough in telling me that he has forgiven me. I had to kidnap the SP to bring the issue to the notice of the higher-ups so that PTO will be reformed.''The infamous incident has not only shocked police top brass, but they fear that other disgruntled elements in the force could do similar deeds. Sharma claimed that though he threatened Lakshiminarayana to set him ablaze using petrol, the liquid was plain water mixed with vermillion. The suspended head constable said Lakshminarayana came to meet him at his shop to discuss about dropping the officer's name in an ongoing case of corruption at the Lokayukta.During the discussions, Lakshminarayana's statements hurt me and I was confident that my plan to kidnap him will give results in bring the issue of corruption and other issues in PTO to light. So, I brought biryani for the officer and downed the shutters before announcing about his kidnap,'' Sharma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390274", "title": "Mystery fever claims two more lives", "text": "KANPUR: Two more children died of mystery fever in the city on Thursday, taking the unofficial death toll in the viral epidemic to 30.Asha, 3, daughter of Panki resident Rakesh, and Pooja, 12, daughter of Sarsaul's Dinesh succumbed to the viral fever of 'mixed culture' while undergoing treatment at Children's department of Lala Lajpat Rai hospital.Doctors from the city said children and the elderly are worst-affected by the epidemic spreading in the district and adjoining areas. Both government and private hospitals in the city are witnessing a deluge of patients suffering from viral fever. \"This is the first time that patients suffering from viral fever are testing positive for viral, malaria and typhoid simultaneously. Patients who haven't tested positive for dengue are showing all symptoms of the ailment,\" said Dr RP Singh from LLR's pediatric department.Even doctors from private hospitals have reported several patients showing dengue symptoms but testing negative for the same. In medical terms, this condition is known as fever with thrombocytopenia, or fever with mixed culture. The virus responsible for the illness is yet to be identified.According to the doctors, the weather conditions prevalent over the past few weeks are ideal for the spread of viral and vector borne infections.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390679", "title": "Mamata model in Maoist fight", "text": "KOLKATA: The Centre is keen on taking a leaf out of chief minister Mamata Banerjee's book to curb the Maoist threat. The ministry of home affairs is exploring the possibility of recruiting tribal youths from Maoist-dominated areas for paramilitary forces, just as Bengal has done.Soon after taking over as CM in May last year, Mamata had announced a one-time special measure to recruit 10,000 tribal youths from Jangalmahal as constables, special constables and NVF. However, the Centre has to get around a Constitutional roadblock if it has to follow suit.MoS (home) Jitendra Singh informed Mamata of the Centre's intent on Thursday, . Later he told reporters: \"We intend to recruit more people from the backward and border areas for central forces. There are already some provisions. But we want to include more backward classes.\"According to recruitment norms of central forces like BSF, CRPF, CISF and ITBP there is a 20% cap that all recruitment has to be made from backward and border areas. This essentially covers Sikkim , Nagaland , Arunachal Pradesh , Manipur, Tripura, Mizoram, Meghalaya, Assam , Himachal Pradesh , Kashmir and Leh and Ladakh regions of Jammu and Kashmir. Special provisions have also been made for Garhwalis, Kumaonis, Gorkhas, Dogras and Marathas.\"This proposal is being considered actively and we've sought legal opinion. The Bengal government had taken the route of an executive order to implement a special one-time measure. So they didn't face legal impediments. But if we intend to do it as a matter of policy, it is against the Constitution,\" said an MHA official.'Article 14 says the state can't deny any citizen equality before law on the grounds of place of birth among other things. And Article 16 says there should be an equality of opportunity in matters of public employment. \"So the government can't deny opportunities to all by making any recruitment specific to certain demography, like the Naxalite-affected districts,\" the official said, acknowledging that the Bengal model had succeeded in blunting the Maoists menace. That the Naxalite menace in the state has ebbed was also echoed by the MoS (Home) after his meet with the chief minister. \"The state has done well. But this is a big problem,\" Singh said.Trinamool Congress MP Subhendu Adhikari said: \"For the 10,000 vacancies announced by the state police, there were close to 5.5 lakh applicants. Such was the turnout that the CM has instructed that a database be maintained for all applicants who failed to make the cut.\"Later the state government even scaled up the number of recruitments by nearly 600. And all these from only the Jangalmahal areas of Bengal.\" But more than this, Adhikari feels it is the chief minister's three-pronged strategyof specific intelligence- based police operation, massive development work and bringing people to the political mainsteamthat has to be adopted by all statesfacing the Maoist problem, to earn the dividends like Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391768", "title": "Will the mining industry be caught in the crossfire between the Centre and the state?", "text": "No, it will not be caught in the crossfire between the state and Centre. On the contrary, I feel that this exercise will provide an opportunity for a proper review of each clearance process on a case to case basis and will restore the faith in the administrative system at the state and central level. The Shah commission report has cast serious aspersions on each and every level of the clearance process. I will be cooperating in submitting all documents to concerned authorities since I have nothing to hide.Haresh Melwani, mine owner, PanajiThe answer is very much a yes , considering the press statement given by the Union environment and forests minister Jayanthi Natarajan in Goa. Both the Centre and the state are responsible for the loot and plunder of Goa's mineral resources. The Portuguese were driven away but their mining concessions were endeared. According to the Shah Commission report, 114.40 sq km of Goa's forests have been decimated by illegal mining in contravention of the Forests (Conservation Act), 1987. The booty of 35,000 crore must be recovered from the pepetrators and those Goans dependent on mining should be rehabilitated with mining totally shelved.Floriano Lobo, Gen Secy, Goa Su-Raj party, MoiraThe mine owners have landed themselves into this problem as the Centre and the state have not asked them to resort to any illegal mining. Now, the state and the centre are compelled by the Shah commission report to act. The ones who are caught in the crossfire are the truck owners who transport the ore. As the truck owners cannot work elsewhere, the mine owners should give them money so that they can pay their loan instalments to banks.Rajendra Kakodkar, corporate management consultant, CurchoremYes, looks like a tug of war is raging between the Congress at the Centre and the BJP in Goa. But our state leadership must exercise caution for a simple reason that the people of Goa have invested their trust in the elected government. If the government does not deliver, there will be an uproar. Enough is enough. We the people will not accept any more of this.Tallulah D'Silva, co-founder, Mission Green, Panaji", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392350", "title": "Sirish turns Arjun", "text": "The actor is currently busy working in his Radhomohan flick, Gowravam, with Yami Gautam.The latest news about the flick is that Sirish plays the role of a city boy who heads to a village on a mission. And interestingly, he's called Arjun (like his real life brother Arjun) in the film.Apparently, the filmmakers wanted a name for Sirish that was urban and hip and they immediately thought of Bunny's name. It seems they wanted to create a cute coincidence by using the actor's brother's name. And since he's wearing army fatigues in the picture, we wonder if he plays an army boy!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16392664", "title": "US Senator moves bill to strip aid to Pakistan, Egypt and Libya", "text": "WASHINGTON: An influential American Senator has moved a Congressional amendment to strip all US aid to Pakistan, Egypt and Libya - totaling about $4 billion per annum - and divided the fund equally for veterans jobs bill and deficit reduction programme.Senator Rand Paul from Kentucky, who has been trying to strip Pakistan of all US aid till Dr Shakil Afridi is released from jail, made another attempt by introducing a new amendment to the veterans jobs bill.\"I'm not saying don't have relations with Pakistan. Many in Pakistan have been sympathetic to our country. Many in Pakistan have helped our country. But many in Pakistan with a wink and a nod look at us, take our money and laugh at us. They cash our check and they laugh at us,\" Senator Paul said moving his amendment to the Veterans Jobs Bill.\"If we're really talking about veterans benefits here, if we're really serious about providing money for the veterans, let's take it from an area which is insulting to veterans. Let's take it from a country that insults every veteran in this country. Let's take it from Pakistan,\" he said.\"In Pakistan, Shakil Afridi helped us to get Osma bin Laden. He's been tortured, kept in prison and now been given a life sentence. I've asked one simple thing. I would like to have 15 minutes, have a discussion and have a vote on whether or not we should continue to send money to Pakistan. I've said we should send not one penny to Pakistan until this doctor is released,\" Paul said on the Senate floor yesterday.\"We offered at one time a $50 million reward for helping getting bin Laden. Young men and women sacrificed their limbs to go to Afghanistan. Many sacrificed their lives to go to Pakistan to get bin Laden. And this man who helped get bin Laden, we're now letting him rot in a prison,\" he said.\"Is this how we treat a friend of America? I've asked for 15 minutes to have a vote. Why don't they want to have a vote? Because they know the American people are with me. If you ask questions, should we send money to countries that don't like us and disrespect us? Eighty per cent to 90% of the American people are with me on this. They're afraid to vote on this issue personally. I've been giving them a chance to debate this for six weeks,\" he said.\"We spent the whole week not having a debate because they don't want to have a vote because they know if they vote their position, which is to send your money to Pakistan and to Egypt and to Libya, that the American people won't like it. So they're not willing to stand up in the broad daylight and vote to continue this aid,\" Paul alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388409", "title": "Bombay High Court moves 7 similar cases to one court for convenience", "text": "NAGPUR: In an interesting verdict, Bombay High Court's Aurangabad bench has provided a respite to a Latur businessman by moving seven pending cases on same subject in different courts to a single court. All these cases are filed by the same appellant on same subject but under different laws. \"It will be convenient for better appreciation of evidence if all the cases are clubbed together and tried before one court, in the interest of justice,\" Justice Shrihari Davare ruled.\"Since all cases are pending between the same parties and arise out of same transaction, it is necessary to transfer all of them to one court, but to be tried separately in accordance with law,\" the judge added, while directing the lower court to conduct hearing of all cases expeditiously.Petitioner Radhesham Dhoot and respondent Vishnukumar Kalantari were both dealing in the business of share broking, purchase and sale of shares/stocks. After some dispute over issuance of cheques, Kalantari filed seven criminal cases one after another against Dhoot under Section 138 of Negotiable Instruments Act last year.Of them, three were pending before Fourth JMFC and one before Sixth JMFC in Latur. Dhoot then filed a criminal application praying for clubbing all cases together and principal sessions judge in Latur brought together all cases before Fourth JMFC. Later, Kalantari filed two more cases on the same transaction, but under different laws, before Eighth, Ninth and Tenth JMFCs respectively. The petitioner again filed new criminal application demanding to club these two cases as well with earlier ones contending that all cases arose out of same transactions and between same parties. However, his application was rejected by the sessions judge on June 12.Dhoot then moved the high court with the same request. The respondent opposed it arguing that out of the four cases before Fourth JMFC, two were part heard cases and therefore there is no propriety in transferring them. \"It would be convenient for parties and witnesses and expedient for ends of justice to withdraw the cases before all JMFCs and to transfer them before Fourth JMFC,\" the court observed before disposing of the plea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16391257", "title": "Three engineering students killed in road accident", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Three students of Sree Chitra Thirunal Engineering College, Pappanamcode died here when the car in which they were travelling collided with a KSRTC super express bus on Thursday. The accident took place on the national highway near Korani around 1.45am.The deceased have been identified as Sharon (21), son of Shiny George of Melarannoor, Unnikrishnan Junior (21), son of Unnikrishnan of Kalpathoor in Kozhikode, Praveen (21), son of P P Pavithran of Chirakkal in Kannur.All of them were seventh semester mechanical automobile engineering students of the college. Two other students, Jishnu (21), and George (21), who were in the car suffered injuries in the accident and have been admitted to the Medical College Hospital here.According to the police, the five classmates were returning from a trip to Papanasam Beach in Varkala.when they met with the accidentThe bus was going to Munnar from Thiruvananthapuram. The car was driven by Sharon.The accident occurred when the car tried to overtake a vehicle. Sharon and Unnikrishnan died on the spot. Praveen succumbed to his injuries in the surgical intensive care unit of the Medical College Hospital.The bodies of the deceased were handed over to the families after autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "torino", "code": "16394669", "title": "Shiv Kapur tenth after a strong start in Italian Open", "text": "TORINO: Indian golfer Shiv Kapur struck four birdies in a row to register a five-under 67 and grab the joint tenth spot after the opening round of the Italian Open.The other Indian challenger in the field, SSP Chowrasia did not have a good day as he carded a one-under 71 to be tied 80th.The field was led by Swede Joel Sjoholm who put two missed cuts behind him to lead after the first round.The 27-year-old Swede, who missed the weekend by a single shot in both Switzerland and The Netherlands the last two weeks, will take a one-shot lead into the second round after a fine eight-under 64.Kapur, starting on the 10th, birdied four in a row from 11th to 14th and then added a fifth birdie on 17th to go five-under for the first nine.He had his only bogey on seventh and a final birdie on ninth for a 67.Chowrasia had three birdies on front nine on the fifth, eighth and ninth holes and two bogeys on 12th and 15th on the back stretch.Defending champion Robert Rock opened with a two-under 70, while Francesco Molinari's 68 was the best score of those heading to The Ryder Cup in a fortnight's time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16390871", "title": "Kerala to set up ayurveda village, Malaysia-based firms keen to invest", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has decided to set up a Rs 200-crore Global Ayurveda Village with a well-equipped treatment centre at Ponmudi through public-private partnership. Many companies, including those from Malaysia, have expressed interest in the project featured at the Emerging Kerala summit.The state government has allotted Rs 5 crore to kickstart the project, to be implemented over three years in three phases. KINFRA, the nodal agency, plans to acquire 200 acres for the same. \"About 148 acres will be acquired soon near Ponmudi and this being a project to promote indigenous knowledge, it will not be tough to acquire land,\" KINFRA officials said.\"This is based on the agenda for global acceptance of ayurveda and to transform Kerala into the world capital of ayurveda as stated in the development agenda of the state chalked out by mentor to state government Sam Pitroda,\" said Dr J Muraleedharan, special officer of the Global Ayurveda Village. The ayurveda treatment centre will be a centre of excellence with a wellness centre specialising in diabetes and immunity clinic, health tourism benefits for visitors from across the world, tele-health support through video conferencing of doctors and patients, medicinal plant cultivation on tie-ups with agriculture universities, research coordination, quality, safety and efficacy studies, he said.Around 12 companies have been shortlisted from among the 20 globally reputed firms that responded to the tender to prepare a detailed project report and these include companies from Ireland , the US, China and Malaysia.Malaysian Special Envoy to India Dato Seri S Samy Vellu said, \"Kerala should set up a state-of-the-art Ayurveda city to tap the potential in the sector.\" Advising the state to opt for the PPP model in health and tourism sectors, he said Malaysia would be keen to invest in ayurveda and allied sectors in Kerala. Stating that Malaysia will work closely with Kerala in developing more projects, he said, \"15 years ago, we took 15 hours to cover 800 miles but now it is possible to travel that distance in just eight hours because of PPP success.\"Recalling the success of PPP in his country, he called upon Kerala to formulate special schemes and ensure priority lending with zero per cent interest to key PPP projects in infrastructure and healthcare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "harra(gumla)", "code": "16391345", "title": "Govt schemes fail to take off in Gumla dist", "text": "HARRA(GUMLA): Things are not moving too well, as far as governance at grass root level, which aims to take various development and welfare schemes to each household and last person in the villages- is concerned.The community-based committees which were to be formed as per the guidelines of various Central and state schemes are either not properly constituted or are defunct.This came to light during a meeting of the district planning and monitoring unit( DPMU) officials led by district planning officer JJ B Tirkey with Panchayat representatives and the residents of Harra - Patratoli under Naxalite-hit Chainpur block of the district, located some 59 km off the district town of Gumla on Wednesday.The objective of the meet was to see whether the various village committees constituted to support in the execution the Union flagship and state schemes are functioning well or not, following a directive from the state planning and development department, in at least one panchayat of every district.he state government wants to ensure the efficacy of these committees. It is not opposed to the idea of revamping these village committees and seek possibility of either restructuring them or assimilating them to improve their performance.Integrated Child Development Scheme (ICDS) related anganwadi's mother committee at the village is only a two person body, comprising its president and sewika. The officials and even villagers were in for a shock when mother committee president Jasinta Ekka said, \"I was the one who was asked to sign cheques and I don't know what my duties are.\" There is no supervisory body either to look at the ambitious welfare scheme while village water and sanitation committee are yet to be formed. Village education committee (VEC) is defunct as no regular meeting is called and villagers don't know who are its members. The village health committee is not functioning as per the guidelines as informed by sahiya Noyela Toppo. DPMU official Subir Das extracted information about these committees and briefed them about their constitution, duties and responsibilities at the meet. irkey said, \"None of the committees were formed at gram sabha meeting and adequate actions were not taken by different departments. Add to this, the absence of the monitoring and review mechanism that led to the present state.\"The visiting officials and block pramukh Usha Leema Tigga, mukhiya Binod Kerketta decided to call revenue village wise gram sabha to make village committees functional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391437", "title": "Commuter activists fume as auto fare hike becomes imminent", "text": "MUMBAI: In light of an auto-taxi fare raise being imminent, consumer body Mumbai Grahak Panchayat (MGP) has appealed to commuters to write letters to the chief minister, protesting against any raise.MGP's Varsha Raut said autorickshaws are used by everyone from labourers to office-goers. \"Autos are a convenient mode of transport for lakhs of people in suburban Mumbai, Thane and Navi Mumbai. Any increase in auto fares will strain the pockets of the majority of auto passengers. Mumbaikars should write strongly worded letters to the CM and the transport commissioner, urging them not to raise fares.\"MGP's Shirish Deshpande has already written such a letter to the CM. His letter reads: We earnestly urge you not to buckle under pressure from auto unions, who want the Hakeem Committee's recommendations to be accepted. Consumers (commuters) are thoroughly disgusted and annoyed with auto/taximen for blatant refusals, rude behaviour and rampant overcharging. Under such circumstances, not a single paisa in fares should be increased.The letter also says that the government should not consider fare increases till all mechanical meters were replaced with e- meters. \"We also want the base fare to be for 1km and not 1.5km. Subsequently, fare increments should be based on every 100 metres,\" the letter read.Commuter rights activist Sunil Mone said auto and taxi drivers should first give \"good service\u2014no refusals, no meter tampering and no hooliganism\u2014and only then demand fare raises\".Times View: Hike fares after improving serviceFare hikes should be effected only after commuters' issues are resolved. Any hike in fares would be unacceptable to commuters when refusals and tampered meters are the order of the day. The government should balance out the fare hike with a sustained crackdown on cheats. It should not expect commuters to pay a premium for sub-standard service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16388872", "title": "Chargesheet filed against ex-judge's kin graft case, CBI tells HC", "text": "MUMBAI: Bombay High Court on Thursday was informed by Central Bureau of Investigation that it has filed a chargesheet in the bribe case filed against the lawyer-daughter of a retired high court judge .The chargesheet does not include the name of Manisha Mhase-Thube, daughter of S B Mhase, who is president of Maharashtra State Consumer Disputes Redressal Commission. It has been filed against advocate Sunil Shirole and three others, CBI's advocate Sandeep Shinde told TOI.A division bench of Justice Sharad Bobde and Justice Rajesh Ketkar heard a public interest litigation urging the court to monitor the probe. CBI arrested Manisha and two others for allegedly demanding Rs 30 lakh to get a favourable order in the national commission through her father.Shinde told the court that the chargesheet was filed on Wednesday in the Sessions Court. He said the samples of voices sent for re-testing to the Central Forensic Science Laboratory, Chandigarh, have been called back.Shinde submitted an affidavit by G S Bagul, Inspector of Police, CBI-ACB, stating that the investigation is in progress and the disclosure of any evidence is likely to prejudice it. Bagul stated that CSFL, Delhi opined that the voice appears to be of Hemalata Mane. Also, that as the case is very sensitive and prima facie, there appears to be involvement of some senior persons from the judiciary,'' CBI wanted to be extra-cautious before coming to any conclusion and thus sought a second expert opinion.Bagul added that even after sending samples to CFSL, Chandigarh on January 1, 2012, it has delayed sending its opinion. Hence CBI has written to CSFL, Chandigarh to return the samples. The hearing is posted after two weeks. -Rosy Sequeira", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16388245", "title": "Mampi Das, Anjali Bhagwat hog the limelight in air rifle event in Pune", "text": "PUNE: It was a 'battle of ages' as 16-year-old Mampi Das and veteran Anjali Bhagwat hogged the limelight in the women's air rifle event on the opening day of the Seed Gun For Glory shooting championships on Thursday.Das, who shot 400/400 in the selection trials last week at the Shiv Chhatrapati sports complex, made the range her happy hunting ground once again by firing 398 to top the seniors' chat while bagging the junior (U-21) gold as well.Anjali lagged a point behind the Kolkata girl at second place with another Maharashtrian, Pooja Ghatkar, shooting an identical 397.Tejaswini Muley took the junior silver with 396 and Mumbaikar Ayonika Paul pipped Shriyanka Sadangi for the bronze after recording 395. Shriyanka (394), however, had the consolation of bagging the youth (U-18) gold ahead of Shweta Devadi (388) and Prachi Gadkari (385).Chadradev Singh Rathore of BSF won the junior men's air rifle with a score of 590 while local lads Pratik Vedpathak (588) and Tejas Karle (586) came second and third.Karnataka's Rakesh Manpat and Navy's PT Raghunath topped the men's qualifying with identical scores of 593, the former having one more inner-10s, 46, than the latter.Other final results: 10M air rifle youth men: 1. Akhil Sheoran (UP) 591; 2. Prashan Patil (Mah) 576; 3. Subhankar Pramanick (WB) 575.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16388984", "title": "Anna may take up cause of Indira Sagar affected", "text": "INDORE: Anti-corruption crusader, Anna Hazare, is likely to visit the Indira Sagar Dam-hit villagers in Khardana village in Harda district to take stock of the situation. This was disclosed by one of the Team Anna member Sanjay Singh, who was on a visit to the village a day after the government crackdown that saw the forcible eviction of about 250 jal satyagrahis on Wednesday.The villagers who were protesting in a pond for the past fortnight were demanding land for land in rehabilitation and reducing the water level in the Indira Sagar Dam.\"As narrated by the villagers, it looks like the BJP-government had committed atrocities on the innocent and villagers, who were fighting for their rights,\" said Singh adding that complaints like ill-treatment of women, locking of community kitchen and dragging the women by men constables out of the pond was unjustified. \"The state government will have to explain as to why it misbehaved with the innocent protesters,\" he said.Singh, who was accompanied by former Bharatiya Kisan Sangh president Shiv Kumar Sharma, said that he would go to Delhi and brief about the situation to Anna Hazare and if need be, Hazare would make a trip to the Khardana village.Taking a dig at AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh , the Team Anna member thundered, \"Where is Digvijay Singh. Rest of the time he would keep speaking against the Team Anna, and now when he is required in such situations, the Congress leader has disappeared.\" He criticized both the BJP and the Congress Party for turning a blind eye to the woes of the people affected due to the dam.Meanwhile, NBA leader Chittaroopa Palit along with CPM leader Brinda Karat met the President Pranab Mukherjee in New Delhi. Briefing about the meeting the NBA leader Alok Agrawal said that the President said that he would ask the Prime Minister and the MP government to look into the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16390436", "title": "A Deccan platter for the taste buds of Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Delicacies from Hyderabad received an overwhelming response from the people of Madurai at a Hyderabadi Food Festival being held in the city since September 7. From the starters to the desserts, the food festival makes every attempt to appease food lovers with authentic Hyderabadi dishes of many varieties.The main course is always the Hyderabadi dum biryani for both vegetarians and non-vegetarians and 'haleem' is another dish that is served regularly on the menu. \"Hyderabadi cuisine descends from Arabian cuisine and pista, badam and various nuts and saffron are important ingredients in every dish,\" explains P Balasubramanian, executive chef of the Fortune Pandiyan Hotel where the festival is being held.Kebabs specially prepared in charcoal fire are another specialty of the Hyderabadi cuisine. \"Most of the dishes have their names derived from Nawabi or Nijami to reinforce the Hyderabadi background,\" quips Balasubramanian. The vegetarian dishes have names like Paneer Akbari, Arabi Mumtaz, Noorjahan Sesame Babycorn etc. \"The vegetarian dishes are also unique in taste, with a lot of nuts and nut paste,\" the chefs explained.Khobani ka Meetha, made of dried apricots, is a special dessert of Hyderabad as is the Firni. \"With the intention of providing an authentic Hyderabadi taste to food lovers, we brought an expert from Hyderabad who tutored our chefs in the food preparation,\" said U P Dhanesh, assistant food and beverages manager of the hotel.The Hyderabadi Food Festival is on till September 12. The chef shared his recipe for Hyderabadi haleem and Khobani ka Meetha with us.Hyderabadi HaleemIngredients: 1 kg of Mutton (boneless cubed), 1 kg of cracked wheat- soaked for one hour and drained, 1 \u00bd cup yogurt, 1 tbsp ginger - garlic paste, 1 \u00bc cup of finely chopped onions, 1 tsp green chilli paste, 2 tsp green coriander paste, \u00bc cup lemon juice, 3 to 4 black cardamoms, \u00bd tsp cinnamon (broken and powdered), 1 tsp chilli powder, \u00bd cup oil, 2 tsp of salt and green chillies and mint leaves for garnishMethod: Mix together the yogurt, lemon juice, chilli and coriander paste, cardamom and cinnamon powder, chilli powder, ginger garlic paste and salt. Marinate the meat in this mixture and leave it for three to four hours. Add enough water to the wheat and cook till tender. When cool enough to handle, blend to a paste in blender. Heat the oil and add the meat mixture, turn to high heat till opaque. Add water to cover and cook in low heat till tender. Add the wheat paste and continue cooking for another 15 to 20 minutes.Khobani ka MeethaIngredients: 1 kg dried apricots, 500 gm sugar, juice of 1 lemon, fresh cream for servingMethod: Soak the apricots in water overnight with just enough water to cover. Then boil the apricots in the same water. Add sugar while boiling and the amount of sugar can be adjusted according to one's taste. Add lemon juice which increases its shelf life. It also makes the sugar impurities float which can then be removed. Boil till the dry fruit becomes tender and can be squashed if wanted. Keep the nut seeds aside, crack open the shells to get the kernels which can be added to the dessert before serving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389868", "title": "3-day research convention begins in city", "text": "COIMBATORE: Scientists should be answerable to society, said T S Suryanarayanan, the director of the Vivekananda Institute of Tropical Mycology while speaking on 'Research Ethics' at the Research Convention organised at the Avinashilingam University on Thursday. Charles Dawson, an amateur archaeologist combined the skull of a modern man with the jaw bone of an orang-utan, claiming that he had discovered an early human being in 1912 which was discovered to be a hoax only after 40 years. Similar frauds in the areas of research activities have caused confusion in the academia which should be prevented at any cost, he said.Apart from deliberate frauds, cases of plagiarism are also unethical practices among many researchers. Presenting the words, ideas or works of other people as if they are your own is a major area which needs to be addressed, he said. Moreover, patents, copyrights and intellectual rights should be respected. Although there are stringent measures in place against defaulters, such unethical practices still occur.\"Many researches undertake projects just to advance their career and not out of any interest in research and scholarship. Many wasteful and duplicative projects are undertaken due to this,\" he said. Research papers should be published in qualitative journals which are reviewed by peers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390573", "title": "CAG Rai to brief PAC next week", "text": "NEW DELHI: Public Accounts Committee chairperson M M Joshi has put the latest clutch of CAG reports, including the one on coal block allocations, on the fast track with the federal auditor scheduled to brief the parliamentary panel on his findings next week.CAG Vinod Rai will make a presentation on reports dealing with Coalgate, the GMR-run Delhi airport, coal allocation for Reliance Power and the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board on September 20. Later on the same day, coal ministry officials have been called to field the PAC's questions.On the next day, power ministry officials will present evidence to the committee on the CAG report on diversion of surplus coal from Sasan by Reliance Power. CAG has said Reliance Power unduly gained by Rs 29,000 crore.The decision to call the CAG to make a presentation and begin PAC proceedings on the reports indicates that Coalgate may remain in the news. PAC is already dealing with other CAG reports like the ones on Commonwealth Games and KG Basin gas and the new additions are sure to heat up politics over Coalgate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394621", "title": "Deepika has changed as a person: Ranbir Kapoor", "text": "Following the success of Cocktail, Deepika Padukone has been receiving ravishing reviews about her performance in the film.But guess who is going gaga about Deepika's caliber? It is Ranbir Kapoor !On the sets of Ye Jawaani Hai Deewani , Ranbir doesn't miss even one single opportunity to praise Deepika as an actor.Sources on the sets of the film have confirmed that Ranbir took special effort to tell Deepika how he just loves her performance and is amazed how she has grown as an actor in such a short span of time.It is wonderful to see this new found chemistry between the two which rises about all the rumours that have always been circulating between the two. This chemistry is a pure actor-actress professional relationship which rises above everything else for the betterment of the film.\"I am amazed, shocked and wonderfully surprised seeing the growth of Deepika as an actor. Apart from working with her, I've also been in a relationship with her and her growth as a human being has been amazing. When we meet, I can see the confidence, I can see the understanding of Indian cinema, of life, etc. She has changed as a person. I've always maintained that she is a beautiful person\" said Ranbir.\"Apart from being physically attractive, she is beautiful from within. She has a good heart. So when somebody comes closer to their art / work and somebody who can surrender to that, that person becomes more beautiful. Deepika has surrendered to her work brilliantly. I was really amazed by her performance in Cocktail ,\" concluded the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "16391341", "title": "Three extremists arrested in Hazaribag", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Three dreaded extremists, who escaped from the Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC), were arrested on Wednesday evening in Ganjhar under Giddi police station of Hazaribag, said SP Manoj Kaushik on Thursday. They are Md Saddique of Padma ps in Hazaribag district, Sudarshan Ganjhu of Lawalong ps in Chatra district and Badal Manjhi of Barkakana ps in Ramgarh district.Kaushik also said police was on the lookout for the arrested who have been involved in several cases in Hazaribag, Ramgarh and Chatra districts. They were planning to launch a new organization called Maowadi Communist Party (MWP) for gaining supremacy over Ramgarh-Hazaribag-Chatra coal belt primarily to extort money for buying uniforms, arms and ammunition so that they can terrorize people.\"They were allegedly involved in extracting money by collecting tax in Charhi and Urimari coal belts of Hazaribag belonging to CCL,\" Kaushik said, adding, \"With the arrests we have foiled their attempts. We have also arrested five other members of this gang for similar offence and currently they are in jail. Only three more members are to be arrested before the entire gang is put behind bars.\"Seasoned criminals Saddique and Ganjhu were good friends who went to jail twice in 1990 and 1992 for bank robbery in Chouparan ps of Hazaribag.The third member of the gang Manjhi, who joined this organization about a year ago, was also involved in some other cases details of which are being collected, Kaushik said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389757", "title": "Residents irked as trench caves in on Mill Road", "text": "COIMBATORE: All hell broke loose on Mill Road, one of the busiest streets in the city after a trench dug for maintenance work on the Under Ground Drainage line caved in on Thursday evening. Fortunately nobody was injured and some shopkeepers and residents in the vicinity stood at the end of the barricaded trench dissuading people from walking alongside it. Traffic police also got into action and posted their men to divert traffic on Mill Road and on portions of Oppanakara Street. Heated arguments erupted between the traffic police and motorists, especially at the barricades erected on Oppanakara Street.\"It has almost become an annual ritual ahead of Vinayaka Chathurthi and Diwali. The underground drainage pipelines in the locality always seem to burst a few weeks before the festival season,\" said S Ganesh, an employee with a trader on Mill Road.According to residents, the underground sewage lines laid in the locality a few decades ago are not able to withstand the load expelled from residences and commercial establishments. The pipelines develop fissures at various spots and then maintenance work has to be done with immediate effect. The gurgling sound of sewage water leaking from the broken pipe could be heard near the spot where the ground caved in.\"The initial work to relay the broken pipelines began two days ago when they had started digging the road. While movement of heavy vehicles were completely restricted, two wheelers were allowed. It seems today the trench caved in due to the pressure exerted by the load on the surface,\" said Prakash Singh, a shop owner on Mill Road.MA Kuthbutheen, municipal councillor of ward no 81 where the trench is located claimed that traffic movement will be restricted on the entire stretch until the drainage line from Mill Road to the sewage chamber under Oppanakara street is re-laid in the coming days.\"We will try to finish the work at the earliest without causing much inconvenience to the public. The broken UGD line comes from Gandhipark and gets connected on Oppanakara street,\" Kuthbutheen added.The UGD trench also played spoilsport for the motorists using Mill Road, Sukrawarpet Street, Oppanakara Street since Thursday evening. Traffic diversions have been set up on Oppanakara street leading towards Mill Road and also on Mill Road on either sides of the trench.\"We are trying our best to pacify motorists but most people are in no mood to listen to us,\" said A Venkatraman, a policeman deployed on Oppanakara Street.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389129", "title": "East Delhi park charms snakes, terrifies locals", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swatta Vishwas recently found a snake coiled in her Press Apartment bedroom. The snake, which was at least four feet long, was taken out by the guard and maintenance staff. They said it was venomous. Vishwas, who has a special child at home, was terrified on seeing the slimy creature and the danger it posed.\"She (her daughter) wouldn't have been able to tell us had it bit her,\" said the 43-year-old. However, she is not the only one. Residents of other housing societies at Patparganj, east Delhi, have often seen snakes slithering out of an unkempt park adjacent to many residential blocks. Many of these make their way to the neighbouring houses.But the real threat looms over the children who come to play in the park. Ironically, the park, which is infested with snakes, is known as the children's park. \"So many children play there. If something happens to the kids, who will take responsibility for it? The authorities are not bothered,\" said Dharmendra Kumar, another resident.Residents say they have been spotting snakes almost regularly since monsoon. The park shares its boundary wall with apartments on two sides.\"Last week we saw a snake near the entry gate slinking into the premises. By the time we could get something to shoo it away, it crawled into an open pipe. We don't know where it went from there,\" said Ramu Sharma, a resident.Residents claim the park behind Saraswati Kunj Apartments, which is next to Press Apartments, also harbours snakes and a board has also been put up outside to warn visitors. \"We've often spotted snakes crawling inside the thick bushes. We've stopped going to the park and have asked the gardener to call the forest department, to no avail,\" said Seema Kochar (34), a resident.Though the caretaker of the park has been asked to prune the bushes and maintain the park properly, the authorities are yet to wake up to the problem. \"Snakes are seen during monsoon, but they are harmless. There have been no cases of snake bite to date,\" said Adesh Kumar, the caretaker.The civil department of DDA is constructing the boundary wall of the park. Officials say they will maintain the park once the work is over. \"We will clean the park and trim the unruly bushes. We will also ask the forest department officials to rescue these snakes,\" said a DDA official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391353", "title": "Court tells former cricketer to settle case with mother", "text": "MUMBAI: A metropolitan court has asked former cricketer Nayan Mongia to settle a domestic violence case with his mother. The Borivli metropolitan magistrate reminded Mongia that it was a question that involved his family and asked him to appear before the Lok Adalat to be held on Sept 16, 2012, so that the case filed by his mom could be settled.\"We are ready to settle as we do not want this matter to drag on,\" said a source close to Mongia's mother Gyandevi (69). Mongia's lawyer Kshitij Mehta alleged that the case had been lodged at the instigation of the former cricketer's siblings.\"The court suggested we settle the issue,\" Mehta said. Gyandevi had claimed that after her husband's death in Dec 2010, she was ill-treated by her son and his wife. She was forced to shift to Mumbai where her daughter lived in March 2011. Gyandevi, who has underwent a bypass surgery, claimed to have spent around Rs 7 lakh for her treatment in the past one-and-a-half years.Alleging that she was subjected to physical and mental violence, Gyandevi has sought court's directions to Mongia to pay her the money she spent on her medical treatment as well as a monthly maintenance. She also alleged that Mongia had refused to give her the portion of property that her husband had allotted to her in his will. Mongia has filed a case challenging the will.Mongia's lawyers challenged the jurisdiction of a Mumbai court to hear the case as Mongia and his mother were residents of Baroda. The magistrate however observed that the Mumbai court could hear the case and also asked Gyandevi to submit details of the alleged incidents of domestic violence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389284", "title": "Plan panel, health ministry in turf war", "text": "NEW DELHI: Fireworks are expected at the all-important Planning Commission meeting, chaired by PM Manmohan Singh, on Saturday over the panel's latest move to take over complete control of the country's flagship National Health Mission (NHM).In what is being seen as the biggest push to privatize healthcare in India, the commission on Wednesday sent the health ministry a finalized draft, which informed that NHM is being made into an additional central assisted scheme instead of a centrally sponsored programme.Indications are that the scheme would be completely controlled by the Planning Commission, making it the sole decision-maker on how much funds will be given to states and under what conditions. The proposal, which has already been opposed by the health ministry and has divided the commission from within, also gives unbridled power to states to decide how to spend the money. Saturday's will finalize allocations for the 12th Five-Year Plan.Experts told TOI, \"The National Rural Health Mission (NRHM) has been hailed by experts across the world for its smooth transfer of funds. Around 70% of the money goes to the grassroot organizations. The money passes through 6.5 lakh points. Under the new proposal, if states have poor governance; there will be no way to follow the money trail and no control on where states spend it.\"They added, \"The idea of the NRHM is to provide money and services to the most backward areas. But if made an additional central assisted scheme, money will flow to areas with muscle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389778", "title": "Potholes dot arterial Ganpati routes as well", "text": "MUMBAI: Street-corner Ganesh pandals mushrooming on internal roads are not the only ones fretting over potholes. The city's arterial stretches are hardly smoother. Be it Lalbaug-Parel, the portion beneath the Byculla flyover, S V Road from Bandra to Dahisar, or J P Road in Andheri, these are replete with uneven patches, craters and loose paver blocks.Babasaheb Ambedkar Road is used by all big mandals to bring home their idols from the workshops of Vijay Khatu and other moortikars. It has its fair share of trouble spots, beginning with the stretch outside the Lalbaugcha Raja mandal. The road is raised in the centre and slopes downward at the edges. \"Vehicles carrying huge idols tend to tilt on one side, making the journey dangerous. The incline also causes puddles of rainwater to accumulate on either side. A vast stretch laid with paver blocks is broken in several places,\" says a shopowner outside Chivda Gully. On Thursday afternoon, a random spray of tar worked like a fig leaf cover on this pockmarked patch.The Second Sutar Galli mandal of CP Tank, whose idol heads southward from Lalbaug, is anxious about negotiating the stretch near the Byculla flyover opposite Rani Baug. \"Our idol is 8.5ft tall and that spot proves a hitch. There was a time when we would alight from our vehicles to fill mud and pebbles into potholes,\" recalls spokesperson Jayant Kolekar.The eastern suburbs have to contend with the poor condition of LBS Marg. \"The road near Gopal Bhavan is particularly affected because the water from Golibar accumulates here. We are worried as our 7ft idol will traverse this route a day before the festival. I have urged local the corporator Pratiksha Ghuge to help,\" says Krishna Palav of the Shiv Samrat mandal in Nityanand Nagar.Malad's Liberty Garden mandal also approached the BMC. \"We tour the area with our clay idol before installing it and portions of the road have big craters. In fact, the road outside the ward office is equally bad,\" says trustee A G Mhaskar. Hundreds of Ganpatis head to Marve beach for immersion, and here the condition of the roads is so shocking that Mhaskar believes the authorities will have no choice but to repair them lest 'visarjan' come to a halt.The situation is no better in Dahisar. Raju Shinde of the Vitthal Mandir mandal says, \"We fetch our idol from Vasai. The road leading from Vasai gaon to the highway causes heartburn. We had a meeting with local police and ward officials recently and they have assured us that major spots will be repaired soon. I hope they make good their promise.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16391707", "title": "Third front after Lok Sabha polls, says Mulayam", "text": "KOLKATA: Indicating that he is keeping all his options open for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday announced that his party would go to polls alone and would play a key role in formation of the next government at the Centre. He said the two national parties -- Congress and BJP -- were fast losing ground and that a non-BJP, non-Congress third front would take shape after the elections.\"The third front has always taken shape after elections,\" Mulayam said while citing past examples. When asked if he was eyeing the prime minister's post, the SP chief said he had no ambition for the top job. \"Such questions usually come from those who don't want to see a third front coming up,\" he said with a laugh. \"As of now, we have decided to go to polls alone. We have had no talks with any political party for a pre-poll alliance,\" he added.Addressing the media after the party's two-day national executive meet in Kolkota, Mulayam blamed the Congress-led UPA government's \"misrule\" for price hike and corruption but at the same time said the SP would not field any candidate against Congress president Sonia Gandhi in Rae Bareli in the Lok Sabha elections as a \"thanksgiving gesture\" in return for the Congress not putting up any candidate against his daughter-in-law Dimple in the Kannauj by-polls.Unlike other leaders of the party, Mulayam refrained from commenting on whether Rahul Gandhi was prime minister material. \"I offer my best wishes to Rahul Gandhi on whatever he does in politics,\" he said. However, he skirted queries on whether the SP would give a walkover to Rahul in the Lok Sabha polls. When asked about Congress's allegation that he was unreliable, a visibly agitated Mulayam said, \"I am known for keeping my word no matter what.\"On possibilities of early Lok Sabha polls, Mulayam said the UPA's stability depended on its allies. However, he took on the Congress for price rise. \"Agriculture production has been increasing over the past several years but the problem is that the government at the Centre has not made any effort to curb hoarding,\" he said. Mulayam also clarified that despite the misrule, SP was supporting the UPA only to prevent communal forces from coming to power.The SP chief also appeared eager to mend ties with West Bengal chief minister and Trinamool boss Mamata Banerjee. Thanking her for the \"affection\" with which she met his son and UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Wednesday, he denied reports of any bitterness with the TMC. Instead, Mulayam called Mamata \"my younger sister\" and said the July presidential polls that saw a rift between the two was a \"dead issue\".Refusing to predict the numbers of seats that the SP expected to win in the general elections, Mulayam said all he could assure was that the results would be overwhelmingly in favour of his party. He also pointed out that the most important political resolution passed in the party's meet was that the SP would now focus on states other than UP. \"We will strengthen the party where it has been contesting elections and also those where it has not ventured so far,\" he added.On 24-hour power supply to VIP districts while depriving the rest of the state, Mulayam candidly said, \"Despite our government in UP, if we are unable to give regular power supply to Kannauj from where the chief minister and his wife won, do you think people will vote for us in future. It's a compulsion that cannot be overlooked.\" He, however, added, \"We are doing our best to improve power supply in the entire state and the difference will be visible soon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "16390807", "title": "First close-pit mining to generate 1cr monthly", "text": "AJMER: The first tunnel close-pit mining in Rajasthan started here in Kayar area to produce zinc and allied minerals, including silver and lead, will bring pump in Rs 1 crore every month initially as royalty to government's coffers.The first production of mineral from the Kayar mine was sent to a refinery in Rampura Agucha of Bhilwara district. Kayar has the third largest zinc deposit in Asia with an expected 35,000 metric tonnes of the mineral.The company that took lease of 400-hectare land in Kayar, about 10 km from the city, for 20 years is already producing zinc.\"The tunnel production has been started and is giving Rs 40 lakh royalty to the mining department and that will increase to Rs 1 crore soon,\" said B S Sodha, the district mining engineer. He said the mining is done underground unlike open-pit mining as done in other parts of the state.The company is investing about Rs 400 crores and plans to extract 2,000 tonnes of zinc every day. The move will not only provide revenue to the state but employment to hundreds of people in the arid land.For the first time in the Kayar mining, a zinc company is introducing close-pit mining, which is practiced in Australia. The mineral deposits in Kayar contain lead in good percentage along with silver and gold, and probably tungsten.The company officials have planned to build tunnels in the area in the next two years and after which they would mine the mineral under ground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389928", "title": "Speciall train for pilgrims to Ajmer Sharif flagged off", "text": "BHOPAL: Chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan flagged off a special train to Ajmer Sharif under Mukhyamantri Teerth-Darshan Yojana on Thursday .Speaking on the occasion, Chouhan said major pilgrimage centres in the state including Lord Mahakeshwar in Ujjain and Hussain Tekri in Jaora will be developed through Pilgrimage and Fairs Authority.As many as 17 pilgrimage centres, including Badrinath, Kedarnath, Rameshwaram, Dwarka, Amritsar, Shravan Belagola, Velangani Church among others have included in the scheme. The state government has chalked out welfare schemes for all sections of society.Now, schemes are being chalked out to provide mid-day meal and making food grains available at Rs 2 per kg.Before flagging off the train, the CM went to every coach of the train and greeted pilgrims. At the programme, Chadar brought from Raisen was presented to the chief minister for sending the same to Ajmer Sharif.Some of his cabinet colleagues and Pilgrimage and Fairs Development Authority Meghraj Jain and deputy chairman Om Mehta were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389459", "title": "'Violence in Prophet's name is un-Islamic'", "text": "MUMBAI: While opposing the film that ridicules Prophet Mohammad, a section of Muslim scholars and human rights activists has said violence in the name of protecting the Prophet's honour is un-Islamic and unacceptable. Protesters killed US ambassador to Libya Chris Stevens and three consulate staff in Benghazi on Tuesday.\"Parts of the film, Innocence of Muslims, are highly objectionable. But Muslims should approach the US courts to seek a ban on it and punishment for its maker. It is un-Islamic to kill people who had nothing to do with the film,\" said Islamic scholar Maulana Wahiduddin Khan.Activists denounced the attack but also slammed the US for failing to refrain the filmmaker from making such a \"provocative\" movie. \"The US will never win the war against terrorism without engaging moderate Muslims. And giving filmmaker Sam Bacile to lampoon the Prophet and Pastor Terry Jones to burn copies of the Quran will only alienate moderate Muslims everywhere,\" said Abraham Mathai, president of Harmony Foundation.Zeenat Shaukat Ali, an Islamic Studies teacher at St Xavier's College, said the attack, against the film which is a result of right-wing politics in the West, will only be counter-productive. \"The Prophet himself would not have justified this incident, where three people lost lives. Muslims should follow peaceful means to register protest,\" said Ali. Allowing this film to be made was insensitive and a deliberate provocative act, she said.Counselling patience and maintaining peace, Maulana Burhanuddin Qasmi of Markazul Maarif, a socio-religious body, said India n authorities should take the film off Youtube before it angers Muslims here. \"The US should immediately ban the movie. At the same time, Muslims too must show maturity while they protest the film which mocks the Prophet,\" said Qasmi.\"Protesters There are many avenues through which justice can be sought. They can petition courts or ask the UNO to intervene. Violence to protect the Prophet's honour is unjustified,\" Qasmi added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391023", "title": "Auto drivers have their day", "text": "For Joylin Vinu, a techie living in Bhoopsandra, reaching MG road, her work place, was not easy as her regular Volvos were off the roads. \"I got into an auto which had a digital meter. The meter has to change its digits for run on every 100 metres, but my auto used to change for every 50 metres. It was tampered for sure. I had no choice and had to pay Rs 180 which was double the normal fare,'' said Vinu.For Latika M, a housekeeping staff at an MNC, getting to office on Thursday meant spending an entire day's salary. I earn Rs 150 per day but I spent Rs 200 today on auto so that I don't lose my job. Is there a strike on Friday too?'' is her immediate concern.Auto drivers went in for the kill in the city. But at the pre-paid autorickshaw counter in front of Majestic bus stand, the scene was different. From 5 am to 12 noon, the counter had 500 trips for dropping passengers. But from afternoon, over 40 autorickshaws had no customers. \"We see many passengers waiting for buses at the Majestic station but hardly any one has come to the pre-paid autorickshaw counter,''said a policeman at the counter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhandara", "code": "16388599", "title": "'No spread of dengue in Bhandara'", "text": "BHANDARA: District collector Shachindra Pratap Singh on Wednesday termed as rumours the reports of spread of dengue in the district and urged the people to visit the District Government Hospital if they had fever.Singh said best of the treatment and medicines are available at the public health centres, rural hospitals and the general hospital. People should not get panicked and avoid believing in rumour. Instead, they should consult the doctor for diagnosis, he said.District health officer Milind Ganvir, civil surgeon Dr Jadhav and district malaria officer Katakwar were also present at the press conference.Ganvir said there was a fear psychosis among the common people that there was an epidemic of dengue. Patients are mainly suffering from viral infection. Nearly 60 blood samples were sent to a laboratory of which only 4 were found to be positive. Water-borne diseases are common in the rainy season and the PHCs are well-equipped with medicines and doctors for 24 hours to treat patients.Dr Jadhav said the general hospital is also well prepared to treat patients.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388797", "title": "Delhi Transport Corporation man pulled out of car, killed", "text": "NEW DELHI: A DTC employee, also a part time property dealer, was found murdered near from his parked car in outer Delhi. The incident was reported from the Majra Dabbas area of Kanjhawala on Thursday.The deceased, Surender Dabbas (52), was a resident of Bahadurgarh in Haryanaand was employed at the Kanjhawala DTC depot. A case of murder has been registered at the Kanjhawala police station, and police can come to a conclusion only available after the postmortem report comes out, said police.According to sources, Dabbas used to stay with his maternal uncle's family. Dabbas owned some land in Ladpur, outer Delhi but he stayed in Bahadurgarh along with his wife and two sons. \"After completing his morning shift, Dabbas had left the depot at 3.30pm on Wednesday. However, unlike other days, he did not go home to Haryana that day. His family tried to contact him but he remained unavailable. According to a conductor working at the same depot, Dabbas was last seen in the Karala area \u2014 near the murder spot \u2014 at around 9pm,'' said an investigating officer.According to a police officer, there were signs of struggle in Dabbas' car but there were no blood stains. There were blood stains near the car and the spot where the body was found. \"We are not yet clear about the murder weapon. However, Dabbas was neither shot nor strangulated,'' said an officer.Investigators are also not sure why Dabbas did not take the usual route and drive via the main highway on the day of his murder. \"The route he took to return home that day is potholed and very narrow. Moreover, forensic experts have picked up evidence that suggest that someone else was driving the car on Thursday,'' the cop added.Police suggests that the murder was committed by someone known to the deceased. \"The murder was not committed for car snatching or for robbery. No valuable is missing and the car has not been ransacked. We suspect personal enmity to be behind the murder,'' added the investigating officer.Police officers will now visit Bahadurgarh and question the family members and DTC colleagues of Dabbas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389698", "title": "AI puts Dreamliner on domestic duty", "text": "MUMBAI: It is a brand new aircraft. There are only 30-odd of its kind in the world as of now. It is all about passenger comfort as it has been made to fly on long-haul international routes. But in India, one can fly the Boeing 787 Dreamliner aircraft with a domestic air ticket from next week onwards.Air India's first Boeing 787 Dreamliner landed in Mumbai on Thursday. However, AI has not yet woken up to the idea of marketing the Dreamliner's first commercial flight.From September 19, AI will operate its Delhi-Chennai-Delhi and Delhi-Bangalore-Delhi flights with its spanking new Dreamliner. \"For passengers in India, it is a wonderful chance to experience the aircraft. No airlines would put a long-haul aircraft and that too a recently-launched one, like the Dreamliner, on domestic routes to operate on a two-hour or forty-minute flight,\" said an aviation analyst, requesting not to be quoted. \"For frequent flyers and aviation enthusiasts, it's a great opportunity to earn some bragging rights,\" he added. Other airlines in the world that fly the Dreamliners, like All Nippon Airways and Japan Airlines, have put their B-787s on long-haul routes that connect Japan to the US.However, Air India has not bothered to market this aircraft yet. On Thursday, the cheapest, tax inclusive, one-way fare for AI flights on the Delhi-Chennai route on September 19 and on dates after that was in the range of Rs 9,000. However, it is not possible to book a flight that will be operated by the Dreamliner. All the Delhi-Chennai and Delhi-Bangalore AI flights listed on the airlines' website and that of other travel portals were shown to be operated either by A320 or A321 aircraft. Though there is less than a week to go before Dreamliner operates its first commercial flight on these routes, the airlines has not yet put out information about which particular flights will be operated by the B-787.\"They should have put out the word by now and uploaded the relevant information online so that passengers interested can book a seat on this aircraft,\" said a travel agent, requesting anonymity. \"They can easily drive up the airfare if they market these flights well,\" he added.Air India is scheduled to take deliveries of five more B-787s by the end of this year, seven in 2013, five in 2014, six in 2015 and three in 2016. All Nippon Airways was the first airline to operate the Dreamliner. The B-787 flew its first commercial long-haul flight on January 21 this year from Haneda to Frankfurt . Japan Airlines operates its Dreamliners on the Tokyo-Frankfurt route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16390764", "title": "Moment of healing yet to arrive in Gopalgarh", "text": "JAIPUR: Time could be the best healer but for the victims of the Gopalgarh police firing as well as the Congress party in the state, the moment of healing is yet to arrive. The scars of the killing of 10 Muslims in police firing in a Congress-ruled state are far from over and the party is yet to overcome its aftershocks.It was on September 14 last year when police had to resort to firing to quell a violent mob fighting for a piece of land at Gopalgarh village in Bharatpur district. Members of Gujjar community and Meo Muslims were daggers drawn over the land. However, questions were raised about killing of 10 people all belonging to Meo community. Community representatives had alleged that the police had targeted a section of the crowd. Even after one year, those questions are still unanswered. In the meanwhile, the officials involved in the firing have gone scot-free that has been virtually rubbing salt to the wounds of the victim families.The incident was a major embarrassment for the Congress high command as the party has been on an overdrive to appease the Muslim vote bank. Rahul Gandhi visited the village without informing the state government, hinting at the level of alarm that had gripped the leadership. And the worst fears of the party are coming true.The non-BJP parties are now seriously exploring the possibility to capitalize on the simmering resentment among the Muslim voters against the Congress. The Bahujan Samaj Party and the Samajwadi Party have already dealt serious blows to the Congress in the neighboring Uttar Pradesh by grabbing the Muslim vote-bank and the two parties are eyeing a similar feat in Rajasthan too. In 2008 assembly polls in Rajasthan, the BSP had won six seats and the SP had won one seat. The two parties have already made their presence felt and they are into consolidation mode now.The six BSP MLAs had merged with the Congress in 2008 that helped the Congress to get majority in the assembly. However, the BSP leadership is expecting a better performance in 2013 assembly polls anticipating inroads in the Muslim vote bank. The SP, on the other hand, is also optimistic mainly in eastern Rajasthan districts bordering UP.Rajasthan has maintained a bipolar polity for decades as the two national parties--BJP and the Congress-- have shared power. However, there have been talks about formation of third front in the state, which, however, could not see light of the day. But a few Congress and disgruntled leaders of BJP are reportedly holding secret parleys about formation of a third front. Muslim voters constitute 14% of the state voters and they matter in at least 62 assembly constituencies.Congress, on the other hand, is leaving no stone unturned to preempt any such damage to the party as the state government has been on an overdrive to appease the community. Muslim community has been given adequate representation in the government mainly after the Gopalgarh incident. However, the community remains apprehensive about the government and also the lame duck investigations in the case. The CBI was handed over the case soon after the incident but the agency has not shown the same promptness as in other cases like Bhanwari Devi and Dara Singh encounter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389091", "title": "Woman falls off 5th floor trying to save kitten, dies", "text": "MUMBAI: A 24-year-old woman fell off the fifth floor terrace of her building while trying to save her kitten in Nehru Nagar on Thursday. The deceased, Tehasin Khan, a resident of Jai Hind Budh Vikas Housing Society, was a school dropout.According to police, Khan was playing with her cats after having dinner around 12.15am. \"One of the kittens ran into the balcony and jumped onto the terrace, which is attached to the deceased's house. Khan tried to lure the kitten with food so that it would return home, but she failed. Fearing that the kitten may jump off the terrace, Khan ran to the terrace. However, she lost balance while trying to save the kitten and fell off,\" said Nehru Nagar assistant inspector Vilas Shelar.Neighbours, who saw Khan fall off the building, immediately called her parents and took the victim to Rajawadi hospital. She was declared dead before admission.\"It was an accident. She fell off accidentally while saving her kitten. There is no foul play. A neighbour who was in the balcony on the fifth floor witnessed the fall,\" said Nehru Nagar police senior inspector Dhananjay Bagayatkar.The deceased's family was in a state of shock. Of their six children, the Khan family had lost a son a decade ago and their daughter on Thursday.Khan's father Ayub said, \"We had dinner together. My daughter loved cats, she was playing with them. She died trying to saving the pet's life.\"\"Khan loved cats,\" said Iqbal Hussain, a friend of the deceased. \"She had five cats and some kittens in her house,\" said Hussain. Khan was buried at Mumbai Central on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394999", "title": "Debika Mukherjee in Cholechi Eka", "text": "Debika Mukherjee who shot to fame nearly 25 years back with 'Choto Bou' where she played the fiery choto bou who taught her mother-in-law a lesson but also disappeared a few years later and has hardly been seen since.But she is coming back with a unique project called 'Cholechi Eka' which is a sort of a music video where 8 songs have been sung by a Kishore 'Konthi', Kumar Vaskar. 8 evergreen numbers of Kishore Kumar , all Bengali songs(divided into 8 sequences) sung by him have enacted by astrologer turned actor Sree Bhigu, Srabanti Malakar, Rai and Tanima. Some of the songs are 'Ki Aashai Badhi Khelaghar', 'Cholechi Eka',' Chirodini Tumi Je Aamar' and others.This music video was launched in the form of a DVD at Laha Paints in the presence of the cast, crew, Debika Mukherjee and Kumar Vaskar on Thursday.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "16395089", "title": "Bhullar still second at Yeangder as rain stops play early", "text": "TAIPEI: Indian golfers Gaganjeet Bhullar and Anirban Lahiri, who were lying inside top-five after the first round, were unable to start play in the second round due to the inclement weather that halted the proceedings at the Yeangder Tournament Players Championship on Friday.Bhullar, at six-under 66, is lying second behind leader Philippines' Angelo Que who shot 65 in the first round but could not tee off in second as thunderstorms initially forced play to be suspended at 9:33 a.m. Lahiri was lying fifth with a 68 in first round.Himmat Rai, tied 20th after first round, was even-par through six holes and still at same position. Ajeetesh Sandhu (73) and Chiragh Kumar (74) were yet to tee off in the second round, while Digvijay Singh (75) fell further back being three-over through six holes in the second.As heavy rains continued to belt down at the Linkou International Golf and Country Club, tournaments officials were left with no choice but to call off play for the second round at 3 p.m., local time.Only players from the morning session managed to tee off while the rest from the afternoon session will have to return tomorrow morning to resume their round which is scheduled to start at 8 a.m.Among the leaders, American Jason Knutzon, tied second with Bhullar, was even-par through nine holes and still held a share of second place with the Indian.Chinese Taipei's veteran Lu Wen-teh, a five-time Asian Tour winner provided the local cheers before the storms hit when he recorded the event's second hole-in-one on the par-three 11th.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16391346", "title": "Drive to check \u2018Romeos\u2019 outside colleges fizzles out", "text": "LUDHIANA: Another initiative of the city police has fizzled out less than a month after its launch. Ludhiana deputy commissioner of police Gurpreet Singh Toor had on August 24 started a drive to check \"Romeos\" outside girls' colleges.The campaign had kicked off with a bang, with check-posts set up outside colleges in mornings and evenings. But today, it's not policemen but rowdies who can be spotted outside the campuses. The lackadaisical attitude of the cops has upset the students. Ranjeet Kaur, a student of Khalsa College for Women, Civil Lines, said, \"We were very happy when the checks were initiated, with cops keeping trouble-makers at bay. But it is back to square one.\" Harpreet Kaur of Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Girls, Model Town, said, \"Till last week, there were many policemen outside our college. But now they seem least bothered to ensure our security.\" Nirdosh Sood, a student of Guru Nanak Khalsa College for Women, Gujarkhan campus, said, \"The step not only gave relief from trouble-makers, but also ensured smooth flow of traffic outside colleges. The roads were rid of rowdies.\" Shaveta, a student of Government College for Women, Ferozepur Road, said, \"With nakas, we felt secure. The police should not ignore such an important initiative.\" About it, DCP Toor said, \"We have not stopped the drive. I will check why cops were not deputed outside colleges.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16391210", "title": "CRPF constable climbs down on suicide threat", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A CRPF constable, who on Wednesday climbed atop a water tank allegedly threatening to commit suicide, voluntarily came down on Thursday morning, drawing curtains on the 17-hour drama on the CRPF Group Centre campus in the city.The constable, Surender Kumar (33) from Jammu and Kashmir, is now undergoing treatment in CRPF hospital. CRPF officers on Wednesday attributed Kumar's behaviour to his mental illness.Sources said Kumar climbed down after feeling hungry. \"His stomach was empty as he did not have any food after climbing up the tank around 2.15pm. He had a good breakfast this morning and was admitted to the hospital,\" said a CRPF officer.Kumar has been kept under surveillance at the hospital to prevent him from repeating the incident. \"Since he is mentally unstable, we are now providing treatment to him. We have kept an eye on him for his safety,\" said DIG (CRPF) Subrat Mishra.Alleging that he was denied leave, Kumar climbed the 100-ft high tank. He threatened to leap if his leave was not granted. While the Sholay-like scene attracted many passers-by, a jittery CRPF adopted precautions to meet any eventuality. Jumping cushions and nets were spread on the ground and fire brigade personnel were on the alert. Despite several appeals, Kumar refused to climb down. Though the CRPF officials finally took Kumar into confidence late in the night and climbed atop the tank with food for him, he did not eat.The tank area which usually remains dark was illuminated to keep an eye on Kumar. Around 40 officers of CRPF, fire brigade and Nayapally police had to stay awake to keep an eye on Kumar. \"None of us slept. Kumar too was awake. He was sitting atop, but never slept,\" said Siba Charan Mohanty, station officer of Secretariat Fire Station. \"Luckily he showed some signals of coming down around 7.30 am. All of us heaved a sigh of relief,\" Mohanty said.Asked whether Kumar would face any disciplinary action for his \"crazy\" act, CRPF DIG Mishra said: \"We cannot think of punishing him now because he is mentally ill. Had he done it deliberately, he would have been thrown out of CRPF.\" \"He is actually a psychiatric patient and has been undergoing treatment since February,\" Mishra said. \"He can take leave anytime, subject to the CRPF guidelines. We have informed his family,\" Mishra added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16391463", "title": "State cops to go on hunger strike tomorrow", "text": "RANCHI: Over 70,000 policemen in the state will go on long mass leave from September 19. The decision was taken by the Jharkhand Police Association (JPA) and Jharkhand Police Men's Association (JPMA) after various rounds meetings between them and police headquarters failed to arrive at any solution pertaining to their charter of demands. It has been three days since policemen in the state below the rank of DSP have been wearing black badges.The JPA and JPMA have also decided to go ahead with their day-long hunger strike on September 15, while on duty. JPA president Sunil Kumar said the decision to continue with the protest has been taken after the state government failed to take cognizance of their demands. \"All policemen are serious about it. There has been no downswing in their enthusiasm,\" Kumar said.\"As JPA and JPMA have already declared that the policemen will go on mass leave from September 19 if our demands are not fulfilled in next five days,\" said JPA general secretary Kamal Kishore. The state police have not made any plan to deal with the situation so far. The strike will include bodyguards of CM Arjun Munda , governor Syed Ahmad, and all VIPs in the state along with police officers at all the police stations in the state.The agitators are demanding 30% hike in basic salary for policemen deployed in difficult terrains.Among other things, they want amendments to the Jharkhand Police Rules 2012. The rules say no policemen will be given promotion after 55 years of age. Better-grade pay for constables and general constables, dress, armour, driving and bike allowances are also in the list of their demands.They are also demanding upgrading of police stations in the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16391214", "title": "Human Rights Commission directs fresh probe into infant kidney theft", "text": "CUTTACK: The Odisha Human Rights Commission on Thursday directed Crime Branch to probe the alleged theft of kidneys of an infant during an operation at a private clinic in Cuttack last year. The commission's observation came in response to a petition filed by a social organization, Indian Media Centre, seeking justice and compensation for the deceased's family.A three-and-a-half-year-old Srijeet Das from Nehrupalli area, was admitted to Jagannath nursing home at Chhatra Bazaar on December 24, 2011, for plastic surgery of his fingers. Doctors had assured to correct his deformed fingers by grafting skin taken from his thighs. But the child died soon after surgery.The family alleged the child's kidneys were stolen that led to his death. There were incision marks on his lower abdomen. A case was also lodged at Manglabagh police station. But police after investigation had stated that the allegations of kidney theft does not hold good, following which the social organization had moved the OHRC seeking justice for the deceased.\"The investigation carried out by the police was not proper as any medical negligence case should be investigated by the chief district medical officer or a doctor and supervised by a DSP-rank official. But in this case the procedure was not followed, so we had moved the OHRC. The commission took cognizance of the matter and directed the Crime Branch to probe it thoroughly,\" said Nishikant Mishra, the petitioner's counsel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "islamabad", "code": "16394838", "title": "Ex-Pak PM Gilani's son arrested; gets bail", "text": "ISLAMABAD: Pakistan's former premier Yousuf Raza Gilani's son Ali Musa was on Friday arrested and briefly detained by the army-run Anti-Narcotics Force in connection with alleged irregularities in the import of the controlled drug Ephedrine before he was granted bail by the apex court.Ali Musa was arrested at the gates of the Supreme Court when he arrived this morning to seek pre-arrest bail. He was taken to an ANF office in Rawalpindi and detained in a room.Following his arrest, a three-judge bench headed by Justice Nasir-ul-Mulk directed the ANF to produce Ali Musa within half an hour.ANF officials brought Ali Musa back to the apex court shortly before 11 am and the bench granted him bail against a surety of Rs 500,000.The apex court then adjourned the case till September 25.Ali Musa has been accused of influencing officials of the health ministry to allocate Ephedrine quotas of 9,000 kg to two pharmaceutical companies while his father was the premier.After his father was convicted of contempt and disqualified by the apex court in June for not reopening graft cases against the President, Ali Musa was elected to the Parliament from his father's seat.Gilani has said his son was framed in a baseless case.He also accused army officials who lead the ANF of exceeding their powers in investigating the matter.Footage on television showed unformed personnel of the ANF grabbing Ali Musa's coat and dragging him out his car when he arrived at the Supreme Court this morning.His lawyers complained about the behaviour of the ANF personnel to the apex court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390414", "title": "Big bell stolen from temple in Theosophical Society", "text": "CHENNAI: The giant bell at the Lord Buddha temple on the Theosophical Society campus in Adyar has been stolen. Police said the 50kg copper bell was found missing on Wednesday evening, suggesting that thieves took it away sometime the previous night.The Buddha temple was consecrated sometime in the 1950s when Jinarajadasa was the president of the Theosophical Society. The bell, worth more than 1 lakh was donated by a Buddha devotee two years ago. \"A priest who went to the temple on Wednesday morning reported to the security staff that the bell was missing,\" a society member said. Based on the complaint of security officer J Suresh, 47, the Sastri Nagar police registered a case and launched a hunt for the thieves.\"We have some clues,\" said a police officer. \"We are confident of nabbing the thieves in a day or two.\" Police suspect that two or more people were involved in the theft as the bell is too heavy to be removed and taken away by one person.The 250-acre Theosophical Society campus on the banks of the Adyar has been the target of thieves in the past. Several sandalwood trees on the campus have been chopped and carted away by thieves who approached the place through the river. Police said the compound has remained porous on the river side. \"On interrogation, some sandalwood smugglers had told us that they found it easy to enter the society premises from the river as there was no proper fencing. They reached the place using rafts and moved the sandalwood in installments to the sand dunes in the middle of the nearby estuary. They would later dig them out and take them away,\" said a police officer.A security officer of the society said the bell theft was daring, as the thieves would have had to carry it almost 2km to the river side or half a kilometer to the main road, which was more risky. The campus has 10 security guards. The society has been planning to appoint five more guards to patrol the grounds at night as the existing security staff could not cover the entire campus, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391173", "title": "International-level football stadium hits another site hurdle", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Sportspersons of the city will have to wait longer for Chandigarh's first international-level athletics-cum-football stadium, as the UT administration has still not finalized a site for sports complex which will house it. The complex was planned to come up in Sector 39. But the site has been rejected, as it lacks a proper approach road. J P S Sidhu, Chandigarh joint director (sports), said, \"The approach road to an international stadium should be a main road. In Sector 39, the proposed site does not have a main road approaching the stadium, so the plan has been put on hold till a new site is finalized.\" The delay has disappointed the game lovers. Ravi Kumar, a budding footballer, said, \"The wait has only got longer. Chandigarh must have an international-level football stadium.\" \"I hope the proposal sees the light of the day. I am excited about the stadium, as it will bring international matches to the city,\" said Gurpreet Singh, a resident of Sector 37. Manoj Pal of Sector 19 said, \"We need an international-level track in Chandigarh to compete on international level. It is the need of the hour. The authorities should finalize a site at the earliest.\" The proposal for the complex has been in the pipeline for long and has already seen failures at two sites. Initially, it was proposed to be built in Sector 56, but due to lack of space there the focus shifted to Sector 39. Now, another site has been proposed in Palsora. The sports department is awaiting the approval of the Master Planning Committee. The proposed athletics-cum-football stadium will have a capacity for 40,000 spectators. It will have nine-lane synthetic track for athletics. It will also have an indoor hall for basketball, volleyball, judo, boxing and wrestling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16389358", "title": "Cops clash inside Jewar police station, one suspended", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Jewar police station turned into a battlefield with personnel stationed there clashing with each other late on Thursday night. The matter took a serious turn when the enraged personnel took out rifles that nearly resulted in a gun battle. When senior police officers came to know about the incident, they rushed to the spot to calm the warring parties. SSP Gautam Budh Nagar has suspended a head constable and initiated a probe into the matter.According to police sources, a scuffle occurred between a head constable, who was in an inebriated state, and a diwan. \"The head constable, identified as Ajay, had consumed liquor and entered into a heated argument with constable Michle, which turned into scuffle. Other police personnel calmed them down and sent them for medical examination,\" said a police source. However, the matter did not end there and a more intensified scuffle occurred when they returned to the police station.\"The entire police force then got distributed in two groups with one supporting the head constable and the other the diwan. They then started arguing and took out their rifles. The drama continued for hours in the absence of the station in-charge,\" sources added. Cops from other police stations were then called in to calm the situation.Speaking to TOI, SSP Praveen Kumar said that prima facie it seems to be a mistake made by head constable Ajay who had come to the police station in an inebriated state. \"Ajay was on leave for four days and was supposed to join duty on Thursday night. As a riot had occurred in Dadri, the station house officer was deployed there. Ajay felt that as he was the senior-most after the station house officer, nobody should raise a question of him being in an inebriated state. But constable Michle reported it to the station house officer about his condition. Rued over the complaint made by his junior, Ajay started abusing Michle leading to the scuffle,\" Kumar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389746", "title": "'Monologue' gag at BMC theatre", "text": "MUMBAI: The BMC has again donned the role of the moral police, this time, prohibiting the staging of the Marathi adaptation of Eve Ensler's The Vagina Monologues at one of its theatres, apparently for its \"adult content\".Aggrieved, producer Vandana Khare has launched a campaign on a popular social networking site to garner support against the civic body for restricting her from staging Yonichya Manichya Guja Goshti at Prabodhankar K C Thackeray Hall in Borivli. Her online protest has drawn huge respons from theatre lovers who have not only backed her but also censured the BMC's moral policing.Even earlier, the BMC had put restrictions on the staging of another play, Ek Chavat Samdhyakaal, at its theatres.Yonichya Manichya Gujagoshti, which deals with issues related to female sexuality and the recurring theme being vagina as a tool of female empowerment, opened for the Marathi audience three years ago and since then 92 shows have been staged in Mumbai and neighbouring cities without any notable opposition. But in July, Khare received a letter from the BMC (a copy is with TOI) saying the play's adult content had not gone down well with some parents, forcing the theatre administration to come up with a restriction order. \"I was stunned when I got the latter,\" restricting the staging my play at Thackeray auditorium,\"Khare said. \"How can they randomly come up with such restrictions and without citing a valid reason? I have staged around five shows earlier at the same theatre and no one objected then.\" So why the fuss now?\"She added as she was new in the field, she did not wait for support from the industry. \"Rather, I thought of galvanizing support on my own through Facebook,\" said Khare.Reacting to her protest, while some netizens expressed their outrage over the BMC's move, many questioned the need for such a restriction after the censor board approved the play. Overwhelmed by the online response, Khare plans to write to the authority, opposing its step.Deputy municipal commissioner Suhas Kanvinde, who is in charge of theatres, justified the step saying a library operated out of the theatre's premises used mostly by kids. Their parents objected to the play's adult content, he said.The Thane civic body, which runs Gadkari Rangayatan, received a letter from Janajagruti Manch complaining about the staging of the play there on Thursday night. \"We have allowed the producer to stage the play today (Thursday, September 13, 2012) but will ask them to ensure police protection next time as we don't want any trouble on our premises,\" said theatre in-charge Mahesh Rajdarkar, ahead of the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392856", "title": "Paris Hilton 'dating 10 years younger male model'", "text": "Paris Hilton is reportedly dating a 21-year-old Spanish male model named River Viiperi, whom she met at the Marlon Gobel show at the Lincoln Centre during the New York Fashion Week.Since then they have been spotted hanging out backstage at some of the other fashion shows and according to PerezHilton.com are constantly \"snuggling\" and \"seeing each other as much as they can\", Contactmusic reported.The 31-year-old, who split from boyfriend Cy Waits - in July, has insisted that she was enjoying being single.\"Every woman dreams of getting married and having a family one day, but right now I'm so busy travelling and working I wouldn't have time for that,\" she had said.\"When that time happens, it will be fantastic, but right now I'm just happy being single, and being an independent woman. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16389040", "title": "Clerk, stenographer in Lokayukta net", "text": "INDORE: Special Establishment of Police (Lokayukta), Indore, arrested two persons including a clerk and a stenographer for taking bribe here on Thursday.Lokayukta SP Virendra Singh told TOI that a clerk of Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) Jagdish Barode and a stenographer in Khandwa Manoj Bordia were arrested red-handed while taking bribe.In the first incident, a complainant Latif Khan, resident of Juna Risala complained about Jagish Barode that he was demanding money to transfer a house in his name. The house falls in Rajmohalla.The accused was demanding Rs 5,000 for transferring the house and they settled the deal for Rs 3,000. After receiving complaint, Lokayukta laid a trap and arrested the clerk while he was taking bribe.In the second incident, the Lokayukta police arrested a stenographer Manoj Bordia in Khandwa who was taking bribe of Rs 3,500 from a handicapped man, who sustained injuries while working under MNREGA.The applicant Sheikh Fakharu was seeking compensation under the provision of the scheme and the stenographer was demanding Rs 5,000. He approached Lokayukta with the complaint few days ago.The Lokayukta team trapped Manoj while he was taking bribe of Rs 3,500 at which the deal was sealed. Police have booked both of them under relevant section of Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16391195", "title": "Leaky roof dampens literary spirit", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Thousands of priceless books run the risk of being damaged at the state's second largest Parija library in Utkal University due to a leaky roof, in urgent need of repairs.Library insiders said they have to relocate the books every now and then to save them from exposure to seepage while rainwater on the floors has to be cleared manually. The top-floor of the six-storied building, dedicated to English language and literature, is the worst hit as moisture has already ruined several collections of books. Head of post graduate department of English Dr Kalyani Samantray, however, declined to speak on the matter.Sources said the leakage is largely due to lack of repair work for the past 15 years. Besides the top floor of the main building, the inner walls and roof of the reading room, which is an annexe to the main structure, are almost always damp during the rainy season. In the absence of repairs and maintenance, several saplings can be seen prospering on the rooftop, threatening to damage the building further.The rainwater collected on the roof seeps right down to the front of the library gate and down the staircase to various floors even when the weather is dry. It may also be mentioned here, the elevator in the building is lying defunct for years. The upper layer of the concrete structure of the study room was taken out two years ago for refurbishing, the debris of which is still lying close to the library, adding to the mess.\"The pitiable condition is discouraging students to go to the library. The roof should be repaired urgently,\" said Ajay Kumar Pani, a student.University authorities, however, said the varsity is taking steps to protect the library. \"Somehow the repair work was not done for many years. But the central public works department will start it now very soon. A CPWD team visited the library last week. They will soon submit an estimate of the repair cost,\" said U N Sahoo, professor in-charge of the library.Sahoo said the elevator will also be repaired soon by the agency concerned. The University Grants Commission (UGC) has sanctioned Rs 30 lakh for the renovation of the library, he said.The varsity has also taken out a tender for automation of the library, the last date of which is September 30. The automation will make it more reader-friendly and will help in better upkeep of the library, Sahoo said.Inaugurated in 1976, the Parija library, named after former Utkal University vice-chancellor Pranakrushna Parija, is the second largest library in the state after the state library in Bhubaneswar. It has a collection of around 3.5 lakh books, text books and reference books, and study material useful for post graduate and post doctoral study. A 'pothi' section on the ground floor, which houses old manuscripts on palm leaves and cloth, is one of the salient features of the library.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16389697", "title": "Learn Sanskrit, be better dentists, says Karnatataka mantri", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka medical education minister S A Ramdas wants dental students to learn Sanskrit to understand their subjects better.\"Dental science first evolved in India, and there are many references to it in Sanskrit. If you want to learn and understand dental science better, then you must learn Sanskrit,\" he told graduating students of the Government Dental College and Research Institute in Bangalore on Thursday.It remains to be seen how the Dental Council of India views his suggestion.Dental students learn 19 subjects as part of the BDS course. Many of them told TOI they weren't too excited about adding Sanskrit lessons to their course.Ramdas also suggested that dentistry students in Karnataka learn integrated medicine and advised them to serve in rural areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16389259", "title": "Haryana wants strict regulation of acid sale", "text": "GURGAON: Concerned over the rising cases of acid attacks on women, Haryana has made a strong pitch for strict regulation on purchase of acid.Speaking at a two-day conference of state ministers of Women and Child Development in Delhi, Haryana Education Minister Geeta Bhukkal stressed on the need to bring in a strict regulation or legislation to control easy purchase of acid to check increasing number of acid attacks on women.She also urged the central government to enhance the one time grant to set up Anganwadi Centres and revise the rate to rent to hire buildings by them. She hoped the conference would provide forum at the national level for focusing attention on the important issues pertaining to women, children and adolescent girls.Bhukkal suggested that the rent of hiring of building for Anganwadi Centre was fixed by central government at a rate of Rs 200 for rural area and Rs 750 for urban areas which was very less and keeping in view the rising rates of rent, the rate needs to be revised.She urged the central government to enhance the one time grant being given to set up AWCs from Rs 5000 to Rs 15,000 per AWC and repeat the grant after every five years. Bhukkal also urged the Union Ministry of Women and Child Development to restore the release of funds for the construction of buildings of Anganwadi Centre (AWC) on 75:25 sharing basis.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391687", "title": "Improve MNREGS work in Amethi, says Rahul Gandhi", "text": "LUCKNOW: Congress general secretary and Amethi MP Rahul Gandhi participated in the district's vigilance monitoring meeting on Friday, the first day of his two-day visit to his parliamentary constituency. Making several recommendations for the development of Amethi during the three-hour meeting, Rahul urged the district to improve its position on the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Employment Guarantee Scheme (MNREGS), the UPA's flagship scheme. At present Amethi ranks sixth among all UP districts for the highest number of job seekers. Rahul also asked district officials to monitor and repair 419 hand pumps that were installed in Amethi under MNREGS.Reviewing the implementation of other centrally-sponsored schemes, the Congress general secretary also ordered the setting up of two committees to monitor work done under the Pradhan Mantri Gram Sadak Yojana .Asking the committee to submit its report within a fortnight, Rahul also said that the committees should assess the conditions of roads constructed under PMGSY in the last five years. He also advised technical committee to check the quality of the construction.During the review meeting, Rahul was also apprised about the unavailability of funds under the Indira Awas Yojana since Amethi was carved out as a new district. Responding to complaints against officials seeking commissions for releasing the allowance to beneficiaries, Rahul instructed district level officials to identify the officers and initiate punitive action against them.Among other complaints, the Congress MP was also informed about the anomalies in the implementation of the elderly, handicapped and widow pension schemes in Amethi. With allowances routed to beneficiary bank accounts, all of which are in the district cooperative banks, complaints were lodged after money was siphoned off.He also directed officials to shift all beneficiary bank accounts to nationalised banks.Thanking the Congress general secretary for increasing the budgetary sanction for constructing toilets to Rs 10,000 under the rural sanitation scheme, the district officials also assured Rahul that measures would be taken to implement development schemes in the district.Rahul also met agitating students of the Jayas Girls Inter College, who were protesting against the poor accommodations and other facilities in the college. Local students also complained that only three teachers have been appointed in the college so far. Following a visit to the college, Rahul assured the students that more teachers will be appointed and conditions improved.He also attended a condolence meeting at the house of Congress worker Ram Sajeevan Dubey in Magra village. After visiting an under-construction CRPF camp that he laid the foundation stone of, Rahul halted for the night in Munshiganj.On Friday, the Congress leader will distribute tricycles to the differently-abled after which he will also participate in a Congress workers' meet.Lucknow: Rubbishing reports of factionalism in the state unit of the Congress, newly appointed UPCC president Nirmal Khatri said that eight zonal heads will work as a team. Referring to the bid to grow as little more than political ambition, Khatri said that the tendency was natural.He also said that the zonal presidents had been appointed to prepare the party for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.Khatri also said the ground prepared by Rahul Gandhi this year would help the party during the Lok Sabha elections in future. When questioned about the performance of the Akhilesh Yadav government, Khatri said that law and order and power conditions had not shown any improvement.Responding to Samajwadi Party's attacks on the Congress, Khatri said any party, even if it was Mulayam Singh Yadav's party, would have political ambitions and it is natural that it would not want to sit on the opposition benches throughout its life. He added that the Congress also wanted to improve its present tally of 22 MPs in UP. \"Our ambition is to recreate the picture of Uttar Pradesh, where we are not dependent on anyone,\" he said. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16389969", "title": "Additional forces to be deployed at vital installations: Government", "text": "GUWAHATI: The government has decided to deploy additional security forces in vital installations like railway tracks and oil pipelines in Assam to prevent any attempt by militant groups to engage in subversive activities.Sources said security arrangements of all railway tracks and other vital installations will be tightened by deployment of additional forces, round-the-clock patrolling and thorough checking. This was decided at a meeting held on Thursday here to review security arrangements of such installations. The meeting was held under the chairmanship of state principal secretary (home and political department) Shailesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16391434", "title": "Chirag, Manan, Shlok in last 16 of State Junior badminton tournament", "text": "NAGPUR: After the fierce competition in the team championship, players began their battle for the individual pride on the fourth day of the Gracelands Maharashtra State Junior Badminton Championship at Subhedar Hall here on Thursday.So far there was no upsets as all the seeded players advanced without any discomfort. The matches were completed before the scheduled time as there were so many walkovers as several outstation players did not turn up.Top seed in the U-17 boys Chirag Shetty, second seed Kaushal Dharmamer (both Mumbai Suburban), No. 3 seed Amey Pawar and No. 4 seed Vighnesh Devlekar (both Thane) carved out easy wins to move into the pre-quarterfinals.Similarly, in the U-19 boys, top seed Kaushal, second seed Shlok Ramchandran of MS, Pune's No. 3 seed Sudhanshu Medsikar and No. 4 seed Amey sailed into the last 16.There was some disappointment for the home fans as Vaibhav Bisne pulled out of the competition because of injury. City's main hope in the U-17 section, Vaibhav could not recover in time after getting injured during the team event a couple of days back.Another talented city shuttler Gaurav Rege went down fighting in three games in the U-19 boys singles against Satyajit Jagdane of Satara, who rallied to win 16-21, 21-9, 21-17.However, city's Manan Goenka reached last 16 with a fluent win over Pune's Rohan Patwardhan 23-21, 21-10.In the girls section, Rasika Raje, Swatika Butey, Vaishnavi Bhale carried their momentum in the individual events too by winning their respective matches.The week-long tournament is being organized by the Nagpur District Badminton Association under the auspices of Maharashtra Badminton Association.Results :U-17 boys singles (Round of 32): 1-Chirag Shetty bt Pranav Patil 21-15, 21-14; Ajeet Kumbhar bt Prasanjit Shirodkar 21-10, 21-15; Rohan Patwardhan bt Arnav Shrish 21-11, 18-21, 21-15; Akendra Darjee bt Kunal Deshmukh 21-8, 21-18; 3-Amey Pawar bt Chetan Yuvraj Wagh 21-9, 21-5; Prathmesh Mhetre bt Kaiwalya Kumthekar 21-16, 21-13; Hrishikesh Sakharpe bt Durvesh Chattopdhyay 21-17, 16-21, 21-12; Kunal Suryawanshi bt Riddhik Shah 21-19, 21-15; Pratik Chothani bt Aakash Shah 21-11, 21-11; Vineet Kamble bt Sidhesh Aroskar 21-17, 21-10; 4-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Pranay Jaggi 21-10, 21-7; Rohan Kadam bt Nihar Kelkar 12-21, 22-20, 21-18; Viplav Kuvale bt Mrutunjay Adap 21-10, 21-13; Sarang Deshpande bt Chirag Ramdas 21-19, 21-18; 2-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Vijay Wadhawa 21-4, 21-9.U-19 boys (Round of 32): 1-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Ajeet Kumbhar 21-10, 21-12; Prathmesh Mhetre bt Nabhojit Mandal 21-11, 21-9; Dheeraj Kumar bt Tushar Singh 21-16, 21-12; Varun Padhye bt Kaiwalya Kumthekar 21-16, 22-20; 4-Amey Pawar bt Aakash Shah 21-13, 21-7; Ameya Tillu bt Pratik Chothani 21-10, 21-11; Chirag Shetty bt Nandan Gajendragadkar 21-17, 21-12; Vedant Vyas bt Kunal Deshmukh 16-21, 22-20, 30-29; Kabir Kanzarkar bt Purushottam Awate 15-21, 21-8, 21-18; Sushrut Karmarkar bt Sarang Deshpande 21-12, 21-15; Pranav Lokhande bt Rohit Phadke 21-16, 21-11; 3-Sudhanshu Medsikar bt Rohan Kadam 21-8, 21-5; Abhishekh Kulkarni bt Neeraj Abhyankar 21-10, 21-4; Satyajit Jagdane bt Gaurav Rege 16-21, 21-9, 21-17; Manan Goenka bt Rohan Patwardhan 23-21, 21-10; 2-Shlok Ramchandran bt Vineet Kamble 21-13, 21-11.U-17 boys doubles (pre-quarters): 1-Kaushal Dharmamer-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Abhishek Borate-Malhar Kulkarni 21-11, 21-6; Kaiwalya Kumthekar-Vineet Kamble bt Pranav Patil-Rushi Bhavesh Shah 21-15, 21-17; Akendra Darjee-Tushar Singh bt Akshay Sase-Anush Yadav 21-9, 21-14; Rohan Kadam-Varun Padhye bt Kunal Deshmukh-Manan Singh Saluja 21-19, 11-21, 22-20; Ajeet Kumbhar-Rohan Patwardhan bt Kuber Khilare-Ninad Naik 21-10, 21-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388666", "title": "Sweet but not sugar", "text": "NAGPUR: The health conscious lot avoids satiating its sweet tooth, especially those watching their weight or those suffering from diabetes. For them, giving up sugar completely is the only option. But not many are aware of stevia, a natural substitute for sugar that can help one maintain blood sugar levels and not pile on the extra kilos.City-based Wasankar Group has been growing this tropical herb in local conditions for over a year now. The produce of the pilot project, which covered 20-25 acres, will soon be utilized by the company as a commercial product.\"Recognizing the importance of agriculture in India's future, we decided to float a company called Wasankar Agro Wealth Limited. While conducting market research, we came across stevia. We called for the saplings from other Indian cities where it was being grown to select the best quality,\" recalled chairman of the group, Prashant Wasankar.He believes this venture has commercial as well as social value to it. \"The crop is sure to reap good rewards for the farmers and investors. At the same time, we will be able to provide people an alternative to sugar that can actually benefit their health, especially diabetes patients,\" explains Wasankar.In the last one year, the company has done extensive research on the plant with focus being on acclimatizing the crop to local weather conditions and improving its quality. \"The plant needs constant care and watering. It also requires protection from frost and water logging. Initially, this made it difficult for us to grow it locally,\" said chief adviser of the group, Ramkumar Iyer.However, the research team was able to develop improved quality seeds that could grow not just in Vidarbha but in other parts of the country as well. Iyer added that in the future too the company will focus on promoting plants with medicinal properties.Senior nutritionist of the city, AN Radha, who is collaborating with the company in the research, informed that in several countries, stevia and its product are being commercially utilized since more than a decade, the latest being using it in a cola.\"Sugar has got empty calories that contribute in gaining weight. Since stevia has negligible calories and little carbohydrates, it hardly makes one fat. Studies done so far have not shown any side effect of consuming stevia but revealed many benefits,\" she said.The leaves of stevia can be used either in fresh or dried form. In this form, however, the sweetness is only up to 30 times that of sugar. When converted into liquid or powdered form (by extracting a component called steviol glycoside), the sweetness increases 200-300 times as compared to sugar.ABOUT STEVIA:A sweet herb, originally from Paraguay, stevia is being used in countries like Japan, South and Central America for centuries as a sweetener as well as a medicinal plant. It was cleared by US FDA as safe for consumption in 2008 and has been in use in several products like herbal supplements, beverages and syrups. Being 200-300 times sweeter than sugar in the form of extract, it has to be use in a very less quantity as compared to sugar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16391544", "title": "Official apathy leaves this waterfalls inaccessible", "text": "KARWAR: The Nagaramaddi falls, 9 km from Karwar, is testimony to the region's untapped tourism potential. It is one among the many waterfalls that are sprinkled across the region, some of which are seasonal and largely unnoticed due to lack of exposure. Nagaramaddi is a difficult terrain to reach.Despite this, the falls attracts a large number of tourists during the rainy season. The name Nagaramaddi has its origin in the Sanskrit word Naga which means serpent or snake. Maddi means pond in Konkani. There is a belief that once upon a time this area was full of snakes. Thus the name Nagaramaddi came into being, so goes the lore.One has to climb a two-km steep hill to reach Nagaramaddi water falls from Chendia in Karwar. The beauty of the falls attracts the tourists at first sight. The stream flows beneath huge boulders and the water falls from a height of about 30 ft and later flows into a cavern. From here, it again falls 35 ft below. The huge boulders beneath the water falls are a big attraction.The cold and clean water is a huge hit with swimmers and many youths visiting this place just for a swim. Students, tourists and the employees of Seabird naval base gather here in large numbers to swim during holidays in the rainy season.Despite its potential to attract the tourists, Nagaramaddi is a picture of neglect as the tourism department has hardly put up any infrastructure in place here. There is no road to reach the falls. So it is off limits for women, children and aged persons who cannot reach here by climbing the hills which have a narrow path.Ganesh, a college student from Karwar, says this place should be developed by the tourism department and the district administration to attract more people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390575", "title": "Parents brace for US custody battle", "text": "KOLKATA: The grandfather of an infant at the heart of a custody battle in the US will meet President Pranab Mukherjee at Kolkata on Friday for his help in reuniting the child with the parents.Two days earlier, Balurghat resident Nirmal Chandra Saha had written to the President, seeking help in the child custody case.Indrasish, the one-year-old son of Debasish Saha and Pamela Saha, is in the custody of a New Jersey child protection agency. A court had ordered the injured baby to be handed to the agency after apprehension of neglect by the parents.\"Getting back my grandson's custody and ensuring his safety is of prime concern. I want the President to ensure that it is resolved without any problem to my son and daughter-in-law,\" said Saha. Indrasish's parents are to appear before a US court on Friday.\"My son did not even have enough money to hire a lawyer,\" said Saha, demanding that the Indian government provide financial assistance to his son to hire a lawyer.Debasish and Pamela say the baby fell off the bed on August 9 and sustained head injuries. Debasish's colleagues and the Indian community living in New Jersey have helped him raise money to hire a lawyer. He hopes to get a favourable decision.\"My son and daughter-in-law are allowed to meet Indrasish only once a week for two hours. My grandson is missing his parents,\" said Saha. He wants to take up the issue with the PMO and the ministry of external affairs. \"I want my son and daughter-in-law to return to the country as soon as possible. I do not want them to live in the US anymore,\" said Saha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16390788", "title": "Two Delhi cops among four held for abduction of BDO", "text": "JAIPUR: Two policemen of Delhi's crime branch have been found involved in the kidnapping of a block development officer (BDO) from the state's Dholpur district nearly three months back. The two Delhi policemen are identified as Mukesh Yadav and Ajit Singh. A relative of the victim has also been arrested.Cracking the case, Dholpur police on Thursday arrested four persons who kidnapped the BDO and took a ransom of Rs 4 lakh for his release.On July 20, Ranjit Singh, a BDO posted at Badi village of Dholpur district, was intercepted at Khanpur village while on his way to office by criminals on an SUV. Four men, posing as CBI officers, came out of the SUV and asked Singh to come along with them for some investigation. After getting into the vehicle, the BDO realized that he was kidnapped, police said quoting Singh. \"The kidnappers took him to Agra and demanded a ransom of Rs 4 lakh from his family. Without informing us, Singh's family paid the ransom and thus the officer was released after two days,\" said Damodar Prasad, circle inspector of Basai Dang police station on Thursday.But soon after reaching Dholpur, the BDO raised an alarm and approached senior police officers of the district and registered a case of kidnap and ransom at Basai Dang police station.\"During the investigations, we contacted Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh police to know if they had registered or witnessed similar cases in their states,\" Prasad said. It turned out be a rather complex case for the police but got a breakthrough on August 4. \"We got a breakthrough when Rampur police in Uttar Pradesh told us that they have arrested four persons for allegedly abducting a government official in a similar manner,\" Prasad said. A team of Dholpur police then visited Rampur police station and was informed that all the arrested accused were under judicial custody.\"Since they were in jail, we had to apply for production warrant to bring them here to find out if they were behind the kidnap and ransom of Ranjit Singh. Finally, we got him through production warrant and the victim Singh identified them to be the kidnappers,\" a senior police officer of Dholpur district said.The arrested accused included Ajay Singh, who is the brother-in-law of the BDO, Mukesh Yadav and Ajit Singh (both constables with the Delhi crime branch) and one Harendra Singh. \"Mukesh and Ajit were involved in the kidnapping and demanding ransom while Ajay Singh and Harendra were into recce,\" the officer said. After arresting the two constables, the Dholpur police has also intimated their Delhi counterparts on the arrest.\"The preliminary investigations suggested that the gang is involved in kidnapping and getting ransom in two cases - one in Uttar Pradesh and another in Dholpur,\" the officer added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389065", "title": "A tribute to teachers", "text": "PANAJI: The students of MES College, Zuarinagar, recently had some joyous visitors. After preaching the joy of giving on streets, at schools, colleges, and all other public places, the volunteers of the Joy of Giving Week, which will be held from October 2-8, addressed the students of MES. One of the volunteers, Sharad Gaidhane said, \"This is completely volunteer-driven and anyone can join by contacting your local volunteer group.\" Stating that their aim is to create awareness among the public so that people come forward and share the joy of giving, the volunteers gave the MES students a brief history about the event, which started in 2009.Gaidhane said, \"Volunteers can come up with their own events, like blood donation, toy bank, fist of rice etc. We have a 500 points programme and people can add their own creative events, which will help make others smile.\"During this week, many college students have volunteered to visit other campuses and business firms to collect money for the needy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390741", "title": "West Bengal tops chart in crime against women", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal has the dubious distinction of recording the largest number of crimes against women. And it isn't a recent phenomenon. According to the National Crime Research Bureau ( NCRB), the state has topped the charts for eight successive years, busting the myth that Bengal is a progressive state that respects women.\"The state did progress during the Bengal Renaissance from late 18th to early 20th century, but since then, we seem to have gone back to the Medieval Age. All statistics point to the fact. While cases of harassment of women are on the decline nationally, it has shot up in Bengal. More women are raped here than Delhi, Haryana or any other state. The number of molestation cases in Bengal is twice the national average. Even the national family health survey shows that domestic violence against women is highest in Bengal,\" said Anuradha Kapur of Maitree, an umbrella outfit that has under its wing NGOs and individuals working on women's issues.Calling for an urgent need for society to introspect on the spurt in crime against women, Kapur said: \"What kind of society are we living in which men rape women in this manner? Obviously, something is very wrong. A culture of violence has evolved and gained acceptance. That needs to change.\"Saswati Ghosh, another Maitree member, believes the political flux, coupled with rising unemployment and unfulfilled aspirations have led to the spurt in violence. \"Crime against women has increased steadily from 2004. I believe it is to do with lumpenisation by CPM to hold on to power. Mamata Banerjee has inherited this legacy. Only, while the CPM as a disciplined cadre-based party could control the lumpen elements, Trinamool Congress is unable to do so,\" she reasoned.What has rankled everyone working on women's issues are the statements given by the CM and ministers, blaming victims for the crime and doubting the veracity of their allegations. \"In no other incident is the victim blamed for the incident. But in rape, the victim is questioned about her dress, the road she was in. By doing so, the state is directly or indirectly supporting the perpetrators of the crime and further victimising the victim. When the administrative head of the state says something like this, the message that is percolated down the line is that 'we have the liberty to do what we want'. It is as though the devil has been released,\" said Roy.Pointing to the series of rape, molestation and harassment cases that have plagued the state since the beginning of this year has instilled a deep sense of insecurity and terror among women from eight to 80 year olds. Meera Roy, another Maitree member, said, women in Bengal did not feel safe any more.\"No one is safe, no place is safe. Just about everyone is a victim: student, homemaker, domestic help, physically disabled, even mentally challenged. There is violence happening in homes and outside; in alleys and main roads; in day time and night; in cities and villages,\" she said. adding that in the past three months, 15 persons with disability had been sexually harassed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16389948", "title": "Super-speciality block at King George Hospital", "text": "A seven-storey super-specialty block will come up shortly at King George Hospital (KGH) in Visakhapatnam, which will sign an MoU with six public sector enterprises in the first week of October.The project at a cost of Rs 80 crore is being taken up by BHEL , HPCL , ONGC, Port Trust, Vishakhapatnam Steel Plant and NTPCas part of corporate social responsibility. Sources said the work would commence by the year-end. Shiva Kumar, deputy medical superintendent, KGH, said the new block would house all the medical, surgical intensive care units and operation theatres.\"The aim is to bring the scattered departments and ICUs under one roof for better and prompt medical care,\" he said.The Andhra Pradesh Medical Services and Infrastructure Development Corporation (APMSIDC) is the implementing agency for the KGH project.Shiva Kumar also said that a new inverter system for the ICUs and OTs would be installed soon given the poor power supply scenario in the state. Four ventilators are also being procured at a cost of Rs 40 lakh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi/nagpur", "code": "16388424", "title": "2 coal blocks with Nagpur company to be de-allocated", "text": "NEW DELHI/NAGPUR: As the coalgate revelations take the first toll, two of the four blocks asked to be de-allocated by the inter-ministerial group (IMG) belong to a Nagpur-based company. The IMG has also called for encashment of the bank guarantees of another city-based firm with three blocks. The action has been recommended for non-development of mines within the prescribed time.The two blocks to be de-allocated belong to Field Mining and Ispat Limited, a company belonging to Anil Taneja from Nagpur. He is reported to have transferred the stake, including ownership of the blocks, to KSK Energy, which is coming up with a power plant at Warora, where one of the coal blocks is located. Taneja, however, denies any such deal having been finalized, though negotiations are underway for a partnership, he said.The two blocks allotted to this company at Chinora and Warora in Chandrapur district in 2003 have total geological reserves of 20 and 18 million tons respectively. Field Mining and Ispat was slapped a show cause notice along with 58 others for delay in development of mines.\"None of the three companies, whose blocks have been recommended for de-allocation, have set up any end-use plants,\" said a coal ministry official.The local company whose bank guarantee of Rs 2 crore has been asked to be forfeited is Shree Veerangana, which was allotted three coal blocks in Chandrapur in 2005. However, within an year of allotment, Veerangana company was sold to M/s Crest Steel and Power, which later amalgamated with a group company, Topworth Urja. Shree Veerangana was originally promoted by Mohan Agrawal, former president of Vidarbha Industries Association (VIA).Ironically, four months ago, the ministry of coal had sent a show-cause notice, pointing out profiteering through sale of coal blocks to Topworth Urja, which is the buyer, even though Agrawal was not pulled up. Even the current action of encashing bank guarantees will be taken against Topworth, with Agrawal remaining safe.Promoters of both, Field Mining Ispat and Topworth Urja, are crying foul over the action. Taneja told TOI that he could not start the mine since the state government had not granted the lease yet. \"The state government is sitting on the application for a lease since 2008 for reasons best known to it. The company has guaranteed the ministry of coal that it would start mining as soon as it gets the lease,\" said Taneja.Agrawal, who promoted Shree Veerangana, was also a partner in Field Mining along with Govind Daga, another businessman from the city having stakes in coal blocks. The trio later fell apart, with Taneja going against the other two for control of shares, and a litigation is going on. This is one of the reasons the lease has not been granted, said a source.A source in Topworth said it is unjust to pull up the buyer, since the company seriously took up work on starting the mines, which are operational since last nine months. However, according to coal ministry sources, even though these blocks have started production they have certain slippages in achieving milestones, due to which the IMG recommended encashing of bank guarantee.The other companies whose allocation the IMG has recommended scrapping are Castron Mining and Domco Smokeless Fuel, which were given in 1999 and 2005, sources said. While Castron Mining was allotted Bramhadih block, Domco was given Lalgarh North block in Jharkhand.Apart from Shree Veerangana, IMG has recommended encashment of bank guarantee pertaining to Monnet Ispat and Energy, which was given Utkal B block along with Monnet Ispat and Energy.According to a coal ministry source, in case Monnet Ispat and Energy fails to start production by March 2013, their bank guarantee of Rs 90 crore would be forfeited and the block would be de-allocated. The IMG will have two more meetings to complete the task of scrutinizing all 29 allotments, the sources said. Sources added that the IMG will take up 10 more cases for scrutiny at its meeting on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "16388818", "title": "Foot patrolling has helped in curbing crime: Commissioner of police", "text": "AMRAVATI: Since taking over as commissioner of police (CP) Ajit Patil has implemented many innovative schemes in the city. From starting foot patrolling to creating awareness about social issue like female foeticide, Patil has come up with programmes which are first of its kind for Amravati. In a candid talk with ToI, the police chief not only spoke about the impact of these schemes but also shared his future plans.Amravati is known for having one of the highest crime rates and most of the police stations are situated in community sensitive areas. Soon after taking charge as CP round two months ago, Patil started crackdown on illegal activities like gambling, black marketing of kerosene, gutkha sale and so on. \"It's a challenge to bring down the crime rate. To achieve this, I implemented schemes like foot patrolling. About 136 Charlie commandos, who previously used to work under crime branch, have been attached to various police stations for patrolling. It has helped in catching the chain snatchers who would earlier give a slip to the cops. It has helped in curbing other crimes as well. I am also in the process of making police chowkies in the city more effective. At present, nine chowkies are operational while 13 are proposed,\" said Ajit Patil.Patil further said that he held meetings with people from various walks of life like bank officials, chemists and doctors on various issues. \"Around 2,500 cases were pending with Amravati police for last three years. We have succeeded in disposing of around 90 per cent of the cases,\" said Patil.On the issue of traffic, Patil said we need hawkers zone for clearing encroachment on roads. \"Moreover, of the 14 traffic signals, only seven are functional. We are coordinating with Amravati Municipal Corporation to get them restarted. We have also decided to form a traffic committee to handle traffic woes in the city,\" he said.During crackdown on gutkha sellers and gamblers from June to August, around 93 cases of gambling were registered and cash of Rs11.73 lakh was seized from gamblers, informed Patil.Patil has also issued directives to police officials and personnel to maintain discipline. \"Transfers have been done as per potential. While maintaining discipline, focus has been on boosting moral of the personnel. We have started felicitating policemen for outstanding performance and good Samaritans every month. Recently, we also organized Art of Living camp for police personnel on how to lead a stress free life,\" the CP added.About his future plans, Patil said forming neighbourhood committees tops his agenda. \"These committees would help in keeping check on incidents like robbery, theft, dacoity etc,\" he said.Crackdown on illegal mobile towersThe Amravati Municipal Corporation (AMC) has started crackdown on illegal mobile towers mushrooming across the city. Till Thursday, AMC has sealed six mobile towers.The issue of illegal mobile towers rocked standing committee meeting held recently. The committee had sought a report on total number of towers erected in the city. After discussion over the report, it was decided that action will be taken against towers that were erected without taking AMC's permission. Since Wednesday, officials of town planning department, anti-encroachment department and electricity department have sealed six mobile towers in Sainagar, Chandra nagar in Badnera, on Dusshera maidan road, Shegaon-Rahatgaon road and Tarkheda.AMC have sealed the mobile tower of Airtel company in Sainagar locality, Airtel tower in Dusshera maidan road, Vodaphone tower in Chandra nagar in Badnera locality, tower of Tata telecom service private LTD in Shegaon-Rahatgaon road, Airtel towel and reliance tower in Tarkheda locality.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "dimapur", "code": "16390016", "title": "Northeast women writers' meet to start in Dimapur today", "text": "DIMAPUR: The northeast women writers' meet organized by the North East Zone Cultural Centre (NEZCC) will be held on Friday and Saturday in Dimapur to commemorate the silver jubilee of the centre.The writers' meet will see an array of established writers from all the northeastern states. Tilottama Misra, an eminent writer in English, who was awarded the Ishan Puraskar by Bharatiya Bhasha Parishad for her novel Swarnalata and Mitra Phukan, a well-known Assamese writer and translator, who also taught in Stanford and Brown University , USA, will take part in the meet.Other NE women writers, who will attend the meet, include Temsula Ao of Nagaland , Manipuri writers Arambam Ongbi Memchoubi Devi and N Aruna Devi, Manipur University professor, Moushumi Kandali, a well-known young fiction writer, Ghambini Devi and Biddhatri Dam from Tripura, and Streamlet Dkhar and Tidolis Snaitang from Meghalaya.Shanti Chetri, a prolific Nepali writer from Sikkim and Nepali poet Sudha Rai have also confirmed their participation.Some eminent publishers like Zubaan will be represented by Preeti Gill. Asangla, editor of Heritage publication, Dimapur and Deep Saikia, representative of National Book Trust of India (NBT) will also attend the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389092", "title": "Once a subway, now a toilet", "text": "NEW DELHI: Getting to Pragati Maidan from the parking lot near Bhairon Mandir is no mean feat for pedestrians. The subway that came up opposite National Science Centre, as part of the beautification project ahead of Commonwealth Games, has turned into a public toilet. The nauseating stench emanating from the subway has rendered it unusable, leaving pedestrians no option but to find their way through heavy traffic on Bhairon Marg.Not only does the filthy subway raise a stink, it is especially unsafe at night because of the defunct tube lights. Most visitors going towards Pragati Maidan or National Science Centre get off at the parking lot. But the poor upkeep of the subway has made it impossible for them to use the facility.Sidharth Chaudhary, a software engineer who recently visited the book fair at Pragati Maidan with his daughters, said, \"Both my daughters are below 10 years of age. But I had to make them cross the road amid heavy traffic. We couldn't have taken the subway. It is littered with faecal matter and in the absence of light it's very difficult to reach the other side,\" said an irritated Chaudhary.Locals, mostly Janta slum dwellers, say they have been forced to use the facility as the toilets in their locality haven't been cleaned for months. \"Nobody can use the toilets in the slum. We are poor but we should have access to basic amenities. Imagine the plight of people who have to urinate in the open,\" said a riskshaw puller.However, the pradhan of the slum, Pradeep Yadav (58), says that truck and bus drivers who park their vehicles near the Mandir are to be blamed for the menace. \"We complained to the corporation officials but they said it's not their job to maintain the subway,\" said Yadav.Even as pedestrians are being forced to put up with the nuisance, the civic agency responsible for the subway's maintenance, Public Works Department (PWD), is yet to wake up to the problem.\"The maintenance of the subway has been outsourced to private contractors. If they are not doing their job, they will be penalized. As per our records, the subway should be clean. However, we will get it checked and ensure that no one uses it as a toilet,\" assured a PWD spokesperson.Times ViewThis is just another example of how infrastructure built with public money is being allowed to effectively go waste because of poor maintenance. The picture is not very different in many of Delhi's subways. It is really a criminal waste of public funds to allow these subways to fall into disrepair and disuse. The civic agencies responsible for maintaining these places must be held accountable. The individual officials whose job it is to oversee their upkeep must be taken to task, if this kind of thing is to checked and reversed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "srinagar/jammu", "code": "16389121", "title": "Diplomat involved in 1999 hijack: Terrorist", "text": "SRINAGAR/JAMMU: Intelligence sources called the arrest of Mehrajuddin Wani alias Javed Dand \u2014one of the terrorists who arranged logistics for the Kandahar hijackers\u2014a big catch, and the terror suspect appeared to conform to that billing when he, according to the J&K; police, disclosed that the diplomat of an unspecified embassy (in Nepal) was closely involved in the 1999 hijacking plot. \"We are investigating all this,\" said Dilbagh Singh, IGP of Jammu.Intelligence sources in Delhi said that he could shed new light on hijackers, who had killed one young Indian traveler, Rupen Katyal, and how they managed to pull off the audacious hijacking.The hijacking, in which the then Taliban regime had colluded, resulted in the release of three terrorists, including Maulana Masood Azhar, Mustaq Ahmed Zargar and Omar Saeed Sheikh, in exchange of hostages of the ill-fated aircraft. Azhar had set up one of deadliest terror outfits Jaish-e-Mohammed (JeM), while Sheikh ended up kidnapping and murdering the Wall Street Journal journalist Daniel Pearl in Pakistan in 2002.The hijacking, which dealt a heavy blow to BJP's \"tough-on-terror\" credentials, embittered the already strained ties with Pakistan that allowed Azhar and Sheikh to roam in full public view and carry on with their anti-India activities.The IGP said that police, acting on specific intelligence inputs, launched a search operation and arrested Mehrajuddin - a close associate of United Jihad Council chief Syed Salahuddin as well as underworld don Dawood Ibrahim - on Jammu-Srinagar highway while he was travelling from Nepal to Kashmir on Wednesday night.\"We suspect that his services have been used (in the hijacking). He was there (in Nepal) when the aircraft was hijacked in 1999,\" Singh said. Mehrajuddin, undergoing treatment for brain tumour in Nepal, was on his way to Sopore to meet his family members and relatives.Police suspect that Mehrajuddin \u2014 once an ordinary tailor at Nigeen Bagh in Sopore \u2014 has strong links with Pakistan's ISI, and is also believed to be engaged in raising funds for terror activities. He is also suspected to be involved in smuggling weapons, ammunition and fake currency into India with the help of the diplomat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16389340", "title": "Manohar Parrikar promises tiatrists due representation on Ravindra Bhavan board", "text": "MARGAO: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar has assured the aggrieved tiatrists fraternity that he would consider their demands for due representation in the Ravindra Bhavan board and also in other cultural bodies.The core committee members of Tiatristhancho Ekvott, who met Parrikar in his office at Porvorim, condemned the action of Ravindra Bhavan chairman Damodar Naik of having formed the executive council without giving any due representation to tiatr artistes on the same.\"The chief minister has assured us to personally look into the matter, particularly in connection with the appointments of those who are now members of the Ravindra Bhavan committee,\" said noted tiatrist Anil Kumar . Kumar said that they had submitted a memorandum to Parrikar.Kumar also added that they were called by the chief minister to discuss the issue of inadequate representation where they also discussed all other issues pertaining to the tiatr fraternity of Goa.\"We are firm on our demand of representation to four members on the executive council and post of chairman or vice-chairman to the member of the tiatr fraternity,\" added Kumar.The tiatrists will meet on Friday at 'Non Stop Tiatristhanchi Saunstha' office in Navelim to discuss their future course of action.The core committee comprises Osvi Viegas, Esteve Coelho, Sabina Fernandes, Fatima D'souza, Patrick Dourado, F Cardozo, Anthony De Madel and Anil Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391119", "title": "Pooja Jadhav murder accused in Girl's murder: Youth sent to police custody", "text": "PUNE: A magisterial court here on Thursday sent Akash Koli (19) to police custody till September 21. Koli was arrested on Wednesday for killing Pooja Jadhav (16), a X standard student, in Pashan on Saturday. Koli had been stalking Pooja for the last one month, but she was unaware of it.Koli, who lives at Nimhan chawl in Pashan, is a school dropout and works as a sweeper in the housekeeping section of a private company. Around 7.30 pm on Saturday, he stopped Pooja as she was returning home from her tuition class and proposed marriage to her. He also asked her to elope with him. Pooja, who was taken aback, turned down his request. Koli then gagged her by stuffing grass into her mouth and smothered her to death with his hands.To confirm that Pooja had died, Koli scratched her body with a drawing compass that she had in her school bag. Koli pocketed the girl's cellphone and fled.Pooja lived in the staff quarters of the Armament Research and Development Establishment at Pashan where her father works. Her body was found by her brother, Vicky, in an open grassy plot near their house around 1 pm on Sunday.The Chatushrungi police had initially registered a case of accidental death. However, after receiving the post-mortem report which stated that Pooja had died due to asphyxia, the police registered a case of murder.Meanwhile, inspector Subhash Nikam (crime) of the Chatushrungi police produced Koli before judicial magistrate first class Ms K M Pingle and filed a plea for a 14-day police custody.Assistant public prosecutor A K Pacharne told the court that Koli's custodial interrogation was essential to ascertain the real motive behind Pooja's murder, seizing her cellphone's sim card and the compass he used to assault her and also to find out whether he had any associates. Koli was not represented by a lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390309", "title": "Centre for Environment Education turns to kids to save dolphin", "text": "KANPUR: Young crusaders comprising school children have been roped in to spread awareness about the highly endangered Gangetic dolphins (Platenista Gangetica) through a 'Dolphin mela', being organised at the Vikas Bhawan auditorium of Etawah district on Friday.Organised by the Centre for Environment Education (CEE), North, in association with the Society for Conservation of Nature and Social Forestry division of Etawah, as part of the Union ministry of environment and forest's ongoing Gangetic River Dolphin Conservation Education Programme, the Dolphin mela will see participation of students and teachers from across 22 schools situated within the proximity of Chambal river in the district.\"The young conservationists will now be part of a programme that involves spreading awareness among people about the need to save this national aquatic animal from extinction. The mela will witness activities like poster-making, environmental quiz and slogan-writing, besides a film show for awareness among students and locals,\" informed District Forest Officer, Manik Chandra Yadav.Dolphin Mela has been organised to highlight the need to conserve the Gangetic river dolphin, a rare specie found in Chambal, besides in the Brahmaputra and Ganga, Meghna and Karnaphuli river systems. \"We have involved students and teachers of nearly 22 schools located in close proximity to the Chambal river,\" DFO, Yadav, added.The students will also be taken to some popular dolhpin sites along the river Chambal. \"There, we will spread awareness among students on how to increase the count of the aquatic animal,\" said Rajiv Chauhan, secretary, society for conservation of nature. The mela aims at sensitizing students towards exhorting their elders to help protect the endangered specie.\"We are hopeful that the mela will drew a huge crowd and will change young children's mindset making them proactive towards conservation of the rare specie. There have been instances when people have killed the animal when it got entangled in the fishing net or for procuring its oil for medicinal purposes,\" said DFO Manik Chandra Yadav further. On August 5, a 134 cm long Gangetic dolphin was found dead in the rivulet in Sahson area close to Chambal river in Etawah district.Gangetic river dolphins fall under Schedule I of the Indian Wildlife (Protection) Act 1972 and have been declared an endangered species by the International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN).The Gangetic river dolphins are one of the four freshwater dolphins in the world. The three others are found in Yangtze river in China, Indus in Pakistan and Amazon in South America.The Gangetic river species, found in India, Bangladesh and Nepal, is blind and finds its way and prey in the river waters through 'echoes'.Research studies under the Ganga Action plan in the 1980s estimated presence of around 6,000 dolphins in its distribution range across the Ganga-Brahmaputra-Meghna and Karnaphuli river systems. Sadly, now there are only 2,000 Gangetic river dolphins left in India.The dolphins, known as platenista gangetica, aka 'susu', are rare. Earlier, these were found in the Ganga river basin and all linked rivers. But now, its habitat is limited to a few rivers. Brahmaputra, Ganga and Chambal rivers are their natural habitat.The Gangetic dolphins have been declared as the National Aquatic Animal of India in the first meeting of the National Ganga River Basin Authority (NGRBA) chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in October 2009. A huge sum of Rs 900 crore has been spent for cleaning the river under the Ganga Action Plan in order to revive the dwindling population of Gangetic dolphin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389822", "title": "Drunk driver rams into 5 vehicles", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A couple was seriously injured and five vehicles were damaged as a drunk driver lost control over his truck and rammed into five vehicles at Ghodasar on Thursday evening.The driver, Bhavesh Shankar, a resident of Bhaipura, who runs Mittal Caterers in the area, was caught by passers-by. He had to be taken to a hospital after the mob thrashed him.Police said the accident occurred after Shankar lost control over his vehicle at Aavkar hall near Isanpur canal at 7.30 pm. The truck first rammed into an autorickshaw and a car and then three bikes. \"The couple - Rajesh Yadav, 40, and his wife Urmila, 34, residents of Nigam Society, Ghodsar - was seriously injured and rushed to a private hospital. Shankar was caught from Maninagar following a chase by a local youth,\" said a police official.\"We had to call cops to save the driver from public fury,\" said Harshad Patel, a social worker from Amraiwadi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394397", "title": "Suprena Singh - idol of young generation", "text": "Suprena Singh is certainly Destiny's child. Kanpur based Suprena has made big headline when won the Miss UP Crown in 2005.From childhood; she was very crazy about the films. She moved to Mumbai in 2007 from Kanpur. In the starting days after the struggle she got many advertising assignments.Suprena Singh is the first Bhojpuri actress to bag a role in south Indian film 'Kashipatnam Choodara Babu', which was a huge hit.She has also done one Rajasthani movie, 'Suppatar Beti'. She debuted in Bhojpuri film 'Saat aheliyan', with Dinehs Lal Yadav. Her upcoming releases are 'Ghazab Siti Maarey Saiyaan Pichuwarey' and 'Himmatwala'. Source: bhojpurimedia.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16389336", "title": "Ghaziabad Development Authority, developers flouting UP Apartment Act: PIL", "text": "NOIDA: A year after the Uttar Pradesh government laid down rules for developers and authorities under the UP Apartment Act, 2010, which contains provisions meant for welfare of owners of housing units in residential societies, a petition has been filed by an Indirapuram resident in the Allahabad high court to ensure its strict implementation.\"Despite rules laid down by the state government under the Act, they are not being followed by developers and the Ghaziabad Development Authority,\" said Alok Kumar, the petitioner, resident of a housing society in Indirapuram. \"In several instances, purchasers of flats are not given the amenities promised to them at the time of signing of the agreement with the developer,\" added Kumar.The PIL has urged upon the court to ensure that developers submit the mandatory 16-point \"form of declaration\" as contained within the rules, which specifies all amenities to be made available to the purchaser of a housing unit. The petitioner has also prayed for the court to declare all buildings having four or more apartments as under the ambit of Uttar Pradesh Apartment (Promotion of Construction, Ownership and Maintenance) Rules, 2011, irrespective of the date of construction of the building.The rules had been notified by the state government of Uttar Pradesh in November 2011. Counsel for the petitioner, Sudipto Paul, said, \"Proper implementation of the rules would ensure that arbitrary changes are not effected to the plans of any project without the consent of the authorities and the RWAs,\" added Paul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16394340", "title": "Coalgate: Supreme Court issues notice to Centre over coal block allocations", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has issued notice to the Centre on coal block allocations and has asked the govt what action it proposes to take against illegal allotments and those allottees who breached the contract.The apex court has asked the coal secretary to file affidavit answering 6 questions on a PIL seeking cancellation of all 194 coal mine blocks under controversy.The apex court's posers to the government includes \u2014Why competitive bidding process was not followed for allocation of coal blocks?What were the guidelines for allocation of coal blocks and whether there was any deviation during actual allocation?Why so many politicians and their relatives figure among the alleged irregular allottees?Whether the guidelines for allocation overlooked the safety mechanism to render the allotments as largesse in favour of private parties?Whether govt's objective in coal block allocation has been achieved through the present mode of allocation, which was faulted by the CAG?The apex court has asked the coal secretary to file a response in 8 weeks.Turning down the Centre's plea that the court should not go into the issue as it is being looked into by a Parliamentary committee, the apex court said \"these are different exercises.\"A bench of justices R M Lodha and A R Dave said the petition raised serious questions and \"it requires explanation from the government\".\"There is difference in exercise done by the Public Accounts Committee (PAC). Parliament and PAC can proceed with the issue on the basis of the CAG report. We don't want to encroach upon their exercise but the petition raises different things altogether. There are sufficient averments which require explanation from you,\" the court said. On Thursday, the coal ministry had decided to deallocate 4 coal blocks - Bramhadih Block in Jharkhand, allocated to Castron Mining Ltd in 1996; Chinora and Warora (southern part) blocks in Maharashtra, given to Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd in 2003; Lalgarh (North) block in Jharkhand allotted to DOMCO Smokeless Fuels Pvt Ltd in 2005.The decision to deallocate the blocks was taken after recommendation by an inter-ministerial group (IMG), headed by additional secretary (coal) Zohra Chatterji.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390368", "title": "Third front will take shape after '14 polls: Mulayam", "text": "KOLKATA: Indicating that he is keeping all his options open for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections, Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Thursday announced that his party would go to polls alone and would play a key role in formation of the next government at the Centre. He said the two national parties, Congress and BJP, were fast losing ground and that a non-BJP, non-Congress third front would take shape after the elections.\"The third front has always taken shape after elections,\" Mulayam said while citing past examples. When asked if he was eyeing the Prime Minister's post, the SP chief said he had no ambition for the top job. \"Such questions usually come from those who don't want to see a third front coming up,\" he said with a laugh. \"As of now, we have decided to go to polls alone. We have had no talks with any political party for a pre-poll alliance,\" he added.Talking to reporters after the party's national executive in Kolkota, Mulayam blamed the Congress government's \"misrule\" for price hike and corruption but at the same time said the SP would not field any candidate against Congress president Sonia Gandhi in Rae Bareli in the Lok Sabha elections as a \"thanksgiving gesture\" in return for the Congress not putting up any candidate against his daughter-in-law Dimple in Kannauj by-polls.Unlike other SP leaders, Mulayam refrained from commenting on whether Rahul Gandhi was PM material. \"I offer my best wishes to Rahul on whatever he does in politics,\" he said. However, he skirted queries on whether the SP would give a walkover to Rahul in the LS polls. When asked about Congress's allegation that he was unreliable, a visibly agitated Mulayam said, \"I am known for keeping my word.\"'Akhilesh vs Rahul' move worries CongWith Mulayam shattering the working relationship between Congress and SP with his remarks, rattled Congress sees SP as moving to cast the next election as a 'Rahul vs Akhilesh' battle. By focusing on Rahul, Mulayam may want to show his constituency that he was playing for central sweepstakes, a gambit to consolidate the support base. The 2014 polls will be his last shot at the top post.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16390085", "title": "Army role shift in Bodoland areas", "text": "GUWAHATI: Army personnel engaged in containing violence in riot-hit districts of Assam have been asked to focus on counter-insurgency operations as the situation in Bodoland has returned to normal. However, additional troops deployed in BTC area and its adjoining districts to quell riots since July 25 would continue with the task as fear of fresh clashes still persist.Thirteen hundred additional troops, in addition to those already deployed for counter-insurgency operations, were first deployed in Kokrajhar, Dhubri and Chirang districts on July 25 to control the situation following clashes between Bodos and Bengali-speaking Muslims, which started on July 20. Later, more troops were deployed in Baksa and Nalbari districts where the riots had spread.\"The army's role has now been shifted to counter-insurgency operations. There is no classical deployment on riot control duties as aid to the civil administration. But additional troops deployed during the riots will continue to be there and haven't been pulled out,\" a defence source said.The source added, \"The situation has returned to normal in terms of completely stopping the movement of groups that can threaten clashes only. But there is still fear among the people, especially those who have either returned home or are yet to do so. They want more protection.\"The civil administration has set up over 100 police pickets in areas identified by locals to give security to those who have returned from relief camps to their villages. More than three lakh people have already returned home from camps. But another one lakh are still staying in relief camps.\"The army is carrying out its area domination programme and each unit is covering its areas. The army is checking all interior roads to cut off any movement of miscreants,\" the source said.The army has come under serious criticism from different quarters for late deployment of troops. But it was only after the army was deployed on July 25 that violence came down drastically barring the one when miscreants killed six persons while they were returning home from relief camps in Chirang district.The rehabilitation process has now been set rolling by a formula agreed upon by both Bodoland Territorial Council and the state government that to only those Bengali-speaking Muslims, who have land ownership in Bodo areas, would be rehabilitated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388624", "title": "Diesel hike likely to drive up food prices", "text": "NEW DELHI: The massive hike of Rs 5 in the price of diesel and the removal of subsidy on cooking gas beyond six cylinders will hit the common man, already caught in a price spiral, very hard. In Delhi, the common man's anger has already been stoked by a steep hike in power tariff on one hand and corruption charges against political leaders on the other.It's common wisdom that any hike in the price of diesel is followed by an inflationary spiral. SP Singh, senior fellow of Indian Foundation of Transport Research and Training, says the cost impact of the fuel hike on the transport business will not be more than 4-5% but the actual increase could be much more due to intermediaries. \"A Delhi-Mumbai truck round-trip costs Rs 51,800 - it will go up by Rs 3,000. Due to a slowdown in business, truck rentals are down by 9-12% since April. The new hike will not cause prices to rise to the pre-April levels. However, the last hike of Rs 3 per litre in June 2011 resulted in a cost impact of only 2-2.5% but the actual impact amounted to 10-15%,\" said Singh.Prices of various commodities, especially perishable goods, could start rising in another week or so. \"A price hike is definitely on the way. Vegetables and fruits will feel the greatest impact of this as the entire business, from transporting goods from the field to wholesale markets, and from there to the local markets, depends on diesel,\" said an official of Azadpur mandi.Suman Chatterjee, a housewife, said she had lost all room for manoeuvring. \"We didn't go on a vacation this summer and have cut down on eating out. How far can one compromise? We can't plan for the future as there are hardly any savings. And now another round of price hike just before the Pujas...god knows how we will manage,\" she said.Henceforth, only six cooking gas cylinders will be available at the subsidized rate of Rs 400 each in a year. For the rest, you will have to pay Rs 750. \"How serious is the government about its proclaimed intention of reducing the burden on the common man,\" asks Manju Khurana, a resident of Preet Vihar. \"We are a family of six and need 13-14 cylinders each year. This means a direct increase of Rs 2,500 annually. From purchasing raw food to cooking it, the government has ensured we are battered at every step,\" she said in despair.Recently, when Delhi became the first kerosene-free city in the country, the government offered free cooking gas connections to below poverty line families, covering about 3.56 lakh households. With the subsidy partially removed, this is likely to have a massive impact on these families.Those who bought diesel vehicles, fed up with the frequent hike in the price of petrol, may still be better off but that hasn't stopped them from complaining. \"I just bought a diesel car because it seemed economical for my frequent trips between Delhi and Jaipur. If prices rise like this, I will be spending way more than I bargained for,\" said Sachin Jain, a businessman.The only people pleased with the diesel price hike are environmentalists who have for long been asking for price parity between diesel and petrol. Anumita Roychowdhury, associate director of Centre for Science and Environment, said that this was a much needed step, not just from the ecological or health point of view but also from the point of the economy. \"The impact of the hike is comparably much less than the impact that would have been felt on the economy if the government continued with its massive subsidy on diesel. Other than that, it was essential to correct the price distortion between petrol and diesel. While the difference between the two fuels is still substantial, the diesel hike will work in some way to curb the luxury use of diesel,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16391734", "title": "\u2018Corporal punishment\u2019 claims class X boy\u2019s life", "text": "HYDERABAD: Alleged corporal punishment led to the death of a class X student of Royal Embassy High School in Madannapet on Thursday.The Madannapet police said 15-year-old Mohammed Ismail Hussain's health condition turned serious on Wednesday night and he succumbed while undergoing treatment at a private hospital in Purani Havelli.Two weeks back, Hussain reportedly quarrelled with another student at the school in Dhobhi Ghat and the issue came to the notice of school teacher Mobina. \"Hussain's family members claimed that Mobina punished him for quarrelling and asked him to do 100 sit-ups. The next day, Hussain had fever and since then had been undergoing treatment at a local hospital. As Hussain's condition turned serious, he was shifted to a private hospital in Purani Haveli,\" Madannapet sub-inspector A Srinivas told TOI.Police said the teenager informed his parents about the punishment a week after it happened. The boy reportedly had an operation on one of his legs and a rod was put in the limb. \"The boy's parents went to the school, which in turn took up the responsibility to pay for his treatment. But the boy died,\" police said. The student died because of brain haemorrhage.\"As of now, we have registered a case against teacher Mobina under section 304-A (Causing death by rash or negligent act) of the IPC. We are investigating to check whether there was negligence on the part of the school management. We also need to check the medical records to ascertain whether his death got anything to do with the punishment,'' Madanapet inspector KN Suryaprakash said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392323", "title": "Amala Paul edges out Taapsee?", "text": "It looks like Tollywood is seeing two hot actresses battle it out for roles.The latest news is that Amala Paul has been signed on for Allu Arjun's next. An excited Amala tweeted, \"Really looking forward to join your fabulous team, hve heard lovely things working with u sir! Sooper excited abt ' Iddaru Ammayilu' .\" Meanwhile, we hear that Taapsee had also been approached for the flick. A source close to her says, \"The filmmakers didn't confirm with her. They said that Taapsee was doing the film and didn't bother to get back to her. But she has no issues; she feels it's their choice.\" It's after five years that Puri Jagannadh and Allu Arjun are teaming up after their last hit film Desamudhuru . And if the movie has two heroines as the title suggests, then Taapsee may well be in the running for the other role!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16391541", "title": "Soon, pharmacists to turn counsellors for TB patients", "text": "CHENNAI: Direction would reach out to pharmacists in Chennai and Thanjavur . \"We had worked with pharmacists from 2003 to 2006 in four zones in the state. Back then, of the 400 pharmacists we worked with, 99% showed their willingness to participate in the programme. More than 112 patients were referred by 67 pharmacies,\" she said.The primary focus of the programme will be to broadly engage pharmacists in the TB programme, sensitise them and enable them to provide counselling to patients and eventually become DOTS (directly observed treatment Chennai: Pharmacists will don the mantle of counsellors for tuberculosis patients, soon. A not-for-profit organization , with the support of the government is set to engage pharamacists to provide information of the disease to the infected and eventually become DOTS providers themselves .Unveiling the programme on Thursday, Nalini Krishnan , director of Resource Group for Education and Advocacy for Community Health (REACH), said the organisashort course) providers if they wish to. \"We will first draw a comprehensive ground map on pharmacists in these areas and then train them,\" she said.The state government has also lent a helping hand, with officials agreeing to cooperate with the NGO. \"One-fifth of the TB patients in the world are in India. Despite improvements , we are still not able to reach out to all TB patients. Besides, 3% of all new TB cases are found to be multidrug resistant. This is worrying ,\" said state drug controller G Selvaraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16388983", "title": "4 booked for abetment to suicide", "text": "INDORE: The Indore police have booked four persons for abetment to suicide in the case of a businessman who reportedly killed himself a few days ago. The 42-year-old businessman, Manoj Soni, son of Nihalchand Soni, was reeling under heavy debt.Juni Indore police have registered a case against Lucky, Jivan, Sandeep and Ranu who were allegedly harassing the businessman for repaying the debt. The victim had already sold his house to pay the loan. His brother too had paid Rs 10 lakh to help him out.Manoj, a resident of Katju Colony, attempted suicide on Saturday night. He was admitted to a local hospital where he breathed his last later. The police have sent the body for autopsy.According to the police, Manoj was engaged in future trading and had taken heavy loan which he was unable to repay. In his suicide note, he mentioned that his family members had already given Rs 10 lakh to repay the loan. He expressed his dismay over future market in the suicide letter.The police have booked the accused under the Section 306 (abetment to suicide) and the Section 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16394523", "title": "New York bans sale of large sodas in restaurants, theatres", "text": "NEW YORK: New York became the first city in the US to ban the sale of large sodas and sugary beverages in restaurants, a move that Mayor Michael Bloomberg said will help combat the \"obesity epidemic\" that kills 6000 New Yorkers every year and is destroying the health of Americans.The New York City Board of Health voted 8-0 yesterday in favour of limiting the size of sugary beverages sold in restaurants, mobile food carts, delis and at movie theatres, stadiums and arenas. There was one abstention.The new regulation will go into effect next March, giving establishments six months to comply with new rules that sugary beverages with more than 25 calories per eight ounces can only be sold in portions of 16 ounces or less.\"This is the biggest step a city has taken to curb obesity,\" Bloomberg said.\"The Board of Health's passing this proposal means that New Yorkers will soon consume fewer junk calories and eventually begin turning the tide of the obesity epidemic that is destroying the health of far too many of our citizens,\" he said.Beverages that are less than 25 calories per 8 ounces, more than 50% milk or 100% fruit or vegetable juice will not be impacted by the new regulations.The regulation will be enforced through the city's regular restaurant inspection process.Food service establishments would have six months time to adjust menu boards, cup and container sizes and make other necessary changes in order to be in compliance with the regulation.Barclays Center, the new arena scheduled to open next week for the basketball team Brooklyn Nets, will voluntarily adopt the new regulations on the sale of sugary beverages, becoming the first major venue in the city to stop selling large sodas.Bloomberg said that New York city pushed the issue of obesity and the impact of sugary beverages onto the national stage simply by proposing limits on sugary drinks.Obesity kills nearly 6,000 New Yorkers annually and one in eight adult New Yorkers now has diabetes.The obesity epidemic strikes hardest in communities already suffering from health and economic disparities, particularly black, Latino and low-income neighbourhoods with black New Yorkers almost three times more likely, and Hispanics twice as likely, as whites to die from diabetes.The Bloomberg administration had first proposed a ban on large drinks in May to combat the growing obesity epidemic.Health experts from across the country have noted that sugary drink consumption is a key driver of the obesity epidemic as sugary drinks are high in calories, served in large sizes, and deliver no nutritional value, Bloomberg's office said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16391823", "title": "1 more dies of swine flu", "text": "INDORE: Swine flu claimed yet another life in the city on Thursday resulting to two deaths from H1N1 disease in the last 10 days here. The deceased was identified as a 35-year-old patient from Ujjain who was admitted to Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital on August 26 after reporting respiratory problems.He was tested H1N1 positive on August 29 and his condition deteriorated. He died on Thursday. This takes the total toll due to swine flu in the city this year to three. Meanwhile, two out of eight samples that were sent for confirmatory test at Jabalpur lab have tested positive for the flu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16388351", "title": "RMV Gurusaidutt masters P Kashyap to enter quarterfinals in China", "text": "HYDERABAD: RMV Gurusaidutt is on a roll. A day after shocking former All-England champion Muhammad Hafiz Hashim, the 22-year-old stunned India's top shuttler and Olympian Parupalli Kashyap 16-21, 21-18, 21-4 in the second round of the China Masters Super Series in Changzhou on Thursday. Ajay Jayaram, the next best ranked Indian after Kashyap, trounced Zi Liang Derek Wong of Hong Kong in straight games 21-17, 21-9.National champion Sourabh Varma joined his senior pros in the quarterfinals with a convincing 21-12, 21-16 victory over Jen Hao Hsu of Chinese Taipei . Varma will square up against Jayaram in the last eight clash.Promising shuttler PV Sindhu fought back after losing the first game to beat eighth seed Porntip Buranaprasertsuk of Thailand 10-21, 21-7, 21-19 in the second round. Trailing 9-14 in the third game, Sindhu racked up six straight points to move ahead of Porntip and gain control of the match. Taken aback by the sudden charge of the Indian, Porntip lost momentum and gave up.Sindhu next faces Olympic champion Li Xuerui of China in the quarters. In their only previous meeting, in the Uber Cup preliminaries last February, Xuerui had drubbed Sindhu 21-16, 21-13.The mixed doubles pair of Tarun Kona and Ashwini Ponnappa failed to put up a fight against Jian Guo Ong and Yin Loo Lim of Malaysia and went down 9-21, 14-21 in the first round.Kashyap, who recently became the first Indian to reach the men's singles quarterfinals at the Olympics, suffered his second career loss to Guru. After losing the first game without putting up any fight, Guru began with a 3-0 lead in the second. He stayed ahead till Kashyap caught up with him at 15-15. And from 17-17 Guru moved to 20-17 with a three-point burst, leaving no chance for Kashyap.With Guru now in full flow, one expected a keen tussle in the decider, but surprisingly Kashyap hardly offered any resistance. Guru, who is 36 rungs behind world No.19 Kashyap, began with a 6-0 lead and went into the break at 11-1 before finishing at 21-4.It is not known whether Kashyap suffered any injury before the third game. In fact, he seemed in some kind discomfiture even in the second game when he allowed Guru to garner easy points.Guru will now meet top seed Chen Long of China for a berth in the last four stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390357", "title": "Naidu's family owns assets worth 35crore", "text": "HYDERABAD: Social activist Anna Hazare lost his credibility as an anti-corruption crusader by entering into electoral politics, said TDP chief N Chandrababu Naidu at a press conference on Thursday after declaring his assets and liabilities.\"A strong apolitical crusade against corruption is the need of the hour. After beginning one such movement, Anna Hazare has let down the people who aspired for a corruption-free India by announcing the launch of a political party. In process, he lost his credibility as well,\" Naidu said.He said even Baba Ramdev, who launched a mass movement against black money, could not live up to the expectations of the people. While the TDP had backed the yoga guru when he launched the agitation in August this year, Naidu said the Baba had lost his credibility by soft-pedalling on the BJP and made it clear that his party would have no truck with him. He said political and electoral reforms would do well to curb corruption and for his part he had made it a practice to declare assets and liabilities in September every year in a bid to maintain transparency.As per the declaration he made on Thursday, the total net worth of his family is Rs 35.59 crore, down by Rs 4.5 crore as compared to that of last year. While his own assets stand at Rs 31.97 lakh, Naidu's wife Bhuvaneswari has assets worth Rs 24.52 crore. As per last year's declaration, Bhuvaneswari owned Rs 27.18 crore worth assets, indicating a drop of Rs 2.66 crore. Naidu's son N Lokesh's net worth is Rs 6.62 crore, down from Rs 6.73 crore last year. And his daughter-in-law N Brahmani has assets worth Rs 2.09 crore, down from Rs 1.13 crore as compared to September last year.Explaining the reduction in the value of assets, Naidu said it was due to fresh investments and internal borrowings within the family members.Replying to a query, the TDP chief said he would soon be writing to the Lok Sabha Speaker on the installation of NTR statue on the premises of Parliament even without the endorsement of Union minister D Purandeswari, the daughter of the late chief minister.Responding to NTR's wife Lakshmi Parvathi's support to TDP's sponsorship for the statue, Naidu said she was playing politics by supporting the party on the statue issue and opposing it on various other grounds. On writing to the Centre on Telangana, he said his party would take a decision at an appropriate time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390363", "title": "Big ticket projects in doldrums", "text": "HYDERABAD: On the long list of incomplete projects in the state capital that were initiated by a once land-rich government are Knowledge City in Raidurgam and Health City in Gachibowli, both of which have failed to take off years after land for these projects was sold for princely amounts.Possibly aimed at making the entire 'hi-tech' corridor of Hyderabad self-sufficient, these projects have, however, stayed firmly on the drawing board with neither the government nor investors showing any interest in them although they had once upon a time been billed as being prestigious ventures.Cut to 2007, when Hyderabad was flying high on a realty boom, land for these projects (Knowledge City in particular) was sold for as much as Rs 22 crore per acre to leading Indian brands. Five years on, both projects languish in uncertainty with their deadlines lapsed and forgotten. The reasons behind the drastic shift in the situation range from a litigation tussle to economic slowdown to even governmental indifference. Predictably, many of these buyers have either shelved their plans indefinitely or are finding ways to make a quiet exit from the city. The two projects had together added close to Rs 400 crore to state government coffers.However, despite being in a nascent stage, the two projects have become the 'selling point' for several builders who are developing residential ventures in the vicinity. According to local developers, well over a million square feet of apartment area has already come up around the project site. And, more apartments are in the pipeline.The dying story of Knowledge City started soon after its much-hyped auction in 2007 when a third party staked claim to it. Although official owner Andhra Pradesh Industrial Infrastructure Corporation (APIIC) maintained it was government property, it took the body close to four years to secure a clear title from Supreme Court (in 2010).Considering that the city's booming realty market had dipped miserably by then, that victory failed to impress buyers. This expanse of over 400 acres of land had been picked up by real estate majors like DLF, Salarpuria, Puravankara, BPTP and My Home Constructions.Also, on the buyers' list were multi-business conglomerate ITC as well as State Bank of Hyderabad. Two years hence, only My Home has started work at the site.\"It no longer makes any business sense for those companies which had planned to build vast commercial spaces here. While most bought at over Rs 18 crore per acre (ITC bought for Rs 22 crore), the going rate now is not more than Rs 14 crore. Also, there is negligible demand for big office areas. So, some companies are rumoured to be on their way out of the project,\" said an industry insider.Salarpuria, Puravankara, BPTP and DLF, according to sources, are all on the lookout for new buyers. While DLF official JK Subramanium (head, south) dismissed the news, he did admit that the company might opt for a joint venture instead of developing the property by itself. He, however, failed to answer when that would happen.Similarly, the five hospital groups which have put their money in the Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA)-promoted Health City are clueless as to just when the project gets completed. \"In the name of land, we were given a hillock on which to build hospitals. It has taken us two years and Rs 5 crore to just level out the surface. And that too at our own expense,\" rued Ch Hariprasad, manager of Maxivision which, along with Care, Rainbow and Sunshine hospitals and the Asian Institute of Gastroenterology, had bought space in this 7 acre plot in 2009.That these hospitals, expected to set up high-end healthcare facilities and research centres all under one roof, sat pretty on this property for three long years and failed to find any fault with the land until now is another story. \"The government should have provided some assistance in the levelling. Now, we are not sure when we can start construction,\" said an official from a hospital who squarely blamed the 'babus' for the mess.The government departments, however, aren't too bothered. If HMDA officials pass the buck on to the consortium of hospitals claiming that it's the delay in submission of a final detailed project report by the facilities that has held up the project, APIIC says it no longer has anything to do with Knowledge City.\"Our job was to auction the land. What happens to it after that is none of our business,\" said BR Meena, vice-chairman and managing director of APIIC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389922", "title": "Vision doctor on GMC to be ready by Dec", "text": "BHOPAL: The UK backed nodal agencies would begin work on a detailed project report (DPR) to prepare a vision document for the Gandhi medical college (GMC) and its associated hospitals. The DPR is likely to be finalized by December this year.The project is part of the state government's initiative 'strengthening performance management' or SPMG-II programme', to improve health care and medical education facilities.\"Assessment of facilities at GMC would begin next week. Once the DPR is ready, MPTASK, the consortium backed by nodal agency department for international development (DFID), UK, would suggest interventions, said an official. The MPTASK includes international agencies like family health international FHI 360 (non-profit organisation), Water Aid, Crown Agent (International development specialist in supply chain management , debt management and training), Harvard Medical School and National Institute of Nutrition.Terms of reference of MPTASK include need assessment and comprehensive survey of the hospital premises, an integrated health management information system (HMIS), standard operating procedures, human resource management, near 50% reduction of load on specialists and teaching faculty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "munger", "code": "16390119", "title": "Cop suspended for inhuman treatment", "text": "MUNGER: Police havildar Ambika Prasad posted at Kotwali police station here was suspended on Thursday by Munger SP P Kanan in connection with the alleged inhuman treatment meted out to a criminal after his arrest.Deputy SP (HQ) Kundan Kumar Sinha told mediapersons at his office that though the action taken by the police havildar was commendable, the public would have killed him had he not saved him by taking him into custody. Some of his actions were unlawful, he said. The SP has ordered an inquiry into the whole matter to be conducted by Kundan Kumar Sinha, sources said.It is to be mentioned here that Md Firoz, 22, a resident of Ghashiyar tola under Kotwali PS, was arrested with a 9 mm country-made pistol, two magazines and two live cartridges near bus stand on September 10 when he was being thrashed by some members of the public. Firoz, in a drunken state, was found quarreling with a youth near the bus stand on which some passersby collected there and thrashed Firoz. The police rushed there after getting information and arrested him. A firearm and some ammunition were seized from his person.The police also allegedly thrashed Firoz and put him on a rickshaw catching him by his hair with his foot on his body while being taken to Sadar Hospital, eyewitnesses alleged. When some news channels aired the story, the SP immediately suspended the havildar for allegedly ill-treating Firoz, who is now undergoing treatment at the Sadar Hospital. Firoz, an orphan, has been leading the life of a vagabond for several years in the company of anti-social elements, said his neighbours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16391884", "title": "Shivraj cabinet expansion today", "text": "BHOPAL: The much-awaited expansion of Shivraj Singh Chouhan cabinet will be held on Friday evening. Former minister Anoop Mishra is all set to stage a come back into the cabinet while minister of state Rajendra Shukla is likely to be elevated. The swearing-in will be held at 5 pm at Raj Bhavan. This would be second expansion of the Shivraj Singh Chouhan cabinet after he started his second stint as the chief minister in December 2008.Sources said that the strong man from Gwalior Anoop Mishra, nephew of former prime minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee, had resigned from the cabinet after an incident of firing in Belagaon, locality in Gwalior. One person was killed in the incident that took place near a college owned by his family. After an FIR against his family members, Mishra resigned from the cabinet in July 2010.It is also learnt that a senior BJP leader Gyan Singh, an MLA from Manpur, Umaria district, is also likely to be inducted in the cabinet. Besides, Rajendra Shukla, power minister and few others are likely to be elevated as a cabinet minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391024", "title": "Stranded high and dry", "text": "'Operate skeletal fleet'Vikram Patel, a student of St Joseph's PU College, was among those stuck in Majestic, waiting for a bus. The college had not declared a holiday, and like him, many struggled to reach college. \"The college later declared a holiday, as the turnout was very low. But it became equally difficult to reach home. From Majestic to UB City, I paid the auto driver Rs 100, much higher than the usual fare,\" said Vikram. \"Why have they called for a bandh? Whatever the reason, they should operate at least 50% percent of the buses. Why cause public inconvenience?\" he asked. Nikita Naidu, from the same college, waited for hours at Majestic, to return to her Basaveshwarnagar residence.Reaching AttibeleSipping a cup of tea was the only relaxing activity for him. Surender Shiv, an engineer from New Delhi, landed at Bangalore International Airport early in the morning. His flight was a hassle-free affair, but to reach Majestic from BIA was not easy. After waiting for hours, he found a Vayu Vajra Airport Shuttle and reached Majestic at 1.30pm. That's when the nightmare really began. There were no buses to reach his friend's place. \"I have to go to Attibele. I had no clue about the transport bandh in Bangalore. I don't know how I will reach Attibele,\" said Shiv.Happy surpriseVandana Gurav and her husband reached the KSRTC bus stand at 2pm sharp to board a Volvo to Mumbai, to drop their pregnant daughter-in-law. \"I had no clue about the bandh. I booked the tickets long ago for my to and fro journey. We have a ritual to attend at Mumbai on Friday,\" said Vandana, rushing to the inquiry counter. A relieved Vandana was told that the KSRTC Volvo plying to Mumbai at 3pm had not been cancelled. \"KSRTC is plying buses to Mumbai, Shiradi and Mangalore. Thankfully, interstate buses have not been affected. I was worried how I would take my pregnant daughter-in-law to Mumbai,\" Vandana said.Filed by: team", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16391080", "title": "HC to IOA: Hold polls as per NSDC", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi High Court on Thursday asked the Indian Olympic Association (IOA) to conduct the upcoming polls for its office bearers as per the National Sports Development Code (NSDC ), which virtually bars administrators like Suresh Kalmadi from contesting it.The NSDC provides that a person, who has been the president of a sports body for 12 years (one term lasts four years ) or has turned 70, will not be able to contest again.This means that Suresh Kalmadi, 68, who has been at the helm of IOA affairs for over last 18 years, cannot contest if the sports body follows the code in the election for its office bearers, scheduled to be held in October-November this year.\"The Indian Olympic Association is to hold the elections observing the National Sports Development Code,\" said a bench of Acting Chief Justice A K Sikri and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw. The court's order came on a PIL by lawyer Rahul Mehra, who sought judicial intervention to 'rid the sports bodies of the country of various maladies.'During the hearing, Mehra said the polls for various posts of IOA is likely to be held in October this year and there was every likelihood that administrators like Kalmadi may flout the code to get re-elected. The court, which was hearing a batch of applications filed by lawyer Rahul Mehra on the issue, has now fixed the matter for hearing on October 15.On another plea, alleging irregularities in the election for the office bearers of Athletics Federation of India (AFI)on April 14,thecourt asked the Union sports ministry to take a \"reasoned\" decision within six weeks after considering the submissions of the lawyer and the AFI.The court said measures like de-recognition of AFI may also be taken if the allegations of flouting of the Code is found to be correct. On March 21this year, the High Court had warned Kalmadi to either quit as Indian Olympic Association (IOA) president or face the court's action against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16391296", "title": "Logo row: Artist was paid after deceit exposed", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The row over the logo of Emerging Kerala took a new turn on Thursday with renowned US illustrator Gina Mikel coming out with a clarification on the use of her original illustration as the logo of Emerging Kerala summit.Mikel's statement, posted on her website , partly confirms the allegations that the logo had been copied initially and the issue settled amicably later.Two days ago, social networking sites began to circulate the original illustration of a bird attempting a flight which Gina Mikel had done using an ink pen. There were allegations that the illustration had been copied and slightly distorted and used as the Emerging Kerala logo.However, netizens received a clarification from Emerging Kerala organizers saying that they had legally bought the rights of the illustrations from the artist. The Facebook groups, which were spreading the allegation, then issued a correction based on the explanation put out by the organizers.But many Keralites wrote to Gina Mikel in last two days asking for her version of the incident. Gina posted a version on her website and mailed back the same to all who had e-mailed her expressing concern.\"I've been receiving quite a bit of correspondence about this. In summary, I was contacted in April 2012 by someone who let me know that the image was being used by the Emerging Kerala organizers. I then contacted the organizers through their website to express my concern (that I had not been notified in advance of the usage, had not been paid for usage, etc.). They forwarded my contact information to their design firm, which then requested an invoice and paid me (for using it). Artists prefer, of course, to be contacted in advance of usage [sic]. However, it was cleared up in the end and I appreciate that,\" said Mikel in her message posted on the website.The artist's explanation proves that the advertising agency, which had submitted the Emerging Kerala logo for consideration in the preliminary stage, had pirated the work of Gina Mikel. It was only after the intervention by the artist challenging the propriety of the act that the agency tried to settle the matter by offering the artist remuneration.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mormugao", "code": "16389282", "title": "USS Gridley docks at Mormugao", "text": "MORMUGAO: USS Gridley, a destroyer class vessel of the US navy, arrived in Goa on Thursday for a routine port visit while transiting the Indian ocean.While in port, Gridley's sailors will participate in professional exchanges with Indian naval officers and sailors as well as a sports day and a community relations event with the Don Bosco oratory. \"The US has many common interests with India including mutual security, the prosperity of our people and the promotion of freedom and democracy,\" said commander Gadala 'Rick' Kratzer, commanding officer, USS Gridley. Commissioned in 2007, Gridley is home-ported in San Diego , California, and is on a routine deployment through the western pacific and Indian oceans. It also carries two SH-60 Bravo Seahawk helicopters in its fold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16390994", "title": "Rag pickers are now waste managers in Domlur", "text": "BANGALORE: Domlur residents have found a smart way to deal with their garbage: they've roped in four rag pickers and kickstarted their area waste management project.Nagaraju, who was a rag picker three months ago, now drives to households and collects dry waste stored in houses across Domlur. He weighs the plastic and paper and pays the household for it. He then drives towards a dry waste collection centre and starts segregating plastic, paper and metal components thrown away as waste.A model dry waste collection centre stores the dry waste generated by 1,030 households, ensuring that over 50% of their garbage does not get dumped in any landfill but goes directly to the recycling units. Residents of the ward religiously follow segregation of waste at source and send dry waste to this centre, which is then sent for recycling.The residents of Domlur had no problem scouting for space to set up the dry waste collection centre -- their corporator had already established it on government land next to the Domlur flyover.RAGS TO RICHESA uniformed Nagaraju works from 8.30am to 7pm. \"Earlier, as a rag picker, I would scout for recyclable plastic and paper waste in the heaps of garbage on main roads and crossroads of Ulsoor and Shivajinagar. I earned Rs 15-30 a day. I now knock on doors, fill my small truck with dry waste and bring it to the centre to segregate it. Segregation of plastic, paper and glass is done both manually and with the help of a machine,\" explains Nagaraju.Ditto with Santhosh Francis, 35, from Mahadevapura, who worked as a rag picker for more than two decades. \"I started working with Waste Wise trust in the past 10 years and collect dry waste from households. I buy dry waste and sort it out,\" says Santosh, adding that he learnt to speak in English after he joined the NGO.\"We have five rag pickers working with us. Antony, Shiva, Purushottam work in the manual segregation section, segregation through electricity-run conveyor belt, and collection of dry waste from households,\" says Krupa Rani, project coordinator, Waste Wise, which joined hands with BBMP to establish the dry waste collection centre.Nagaraju and the others are paid Rs 4,500-5,000 a month, and the NGO plans to upgrade their salaries to Rs 10,000, if all houses follow this model.CITIZENS TAKE THE LEADIt all started with three enterprising women -- Anitha S Kumar, Rani Nalluri and Geetha Vasudev of Domlur -- going around the ward and asking the residents to segregate dry and wet waste separately in the houses. \"Residents give away only wet waste to the pourakarmikas and store all kinds of paper, plastic, glass waste in a bag which is collected by workers of the dry waste collection centre once a week. Some take us positively and do so immediately. Some don't. But we keep following up. Now, we collect dry waste from 1,030 houses. This exercise has reduced more than 50% of the waste going to the landfill from our localities,\" said Rani Nalluri, a homemaker.\"For me, segregion fetches pocket money of Rs 275-300 every weekend. My house also looks much cleaner,\" said Anitha S Kumar, a homemaker who campaigns for waste segregation.Colonel Janakiram, president of Domlur Layout Residents' Welfare Association, plans to take this initiative forward across all the houses in the ward. \"We will campaign further,\" he said.Once in three days, the centre is filled with over 800kg of dry waste, which is sent to ITC Pvt Ltd for paper waste recycling. Some of the recyclables go to Jolly Mohalla, where plastic and metal waste gets further recycled.\"The centre has changed the lives of rag pickers who work here. In June, we collected 4.3 tonnes, and in August, scaled it up to 6.7 tonnes. Beauty parlours generate a lot of dry waste, and I have spoken to owners of parlours in my ward to send it,\" said Geetha Srinivas Reddy, Domlur corporator.Cleared: Prasad/gulPics: by Asad", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390277", "title": "Finance company to pay Rs 5.41 lakh for selling off defaulter\u2019s car", "text": "KANPUR: The consumer protection forum in Kanpur City ordered manager Tata Motors Finance Ltd Kanpur and New Delhi on Thursday to pay a sum of Rs. 5.41 lakh within 30 days of the order for driving away the car of the complainant when she was unable to pay two monthly installments and then selling it off.The presiding judges LV Singh president and Ganesh Prasad and Suman Lata Sharma also asked the company to pay interest at the rate of 10 per cent from the date of filing of petition till the date of payment.Complainant Smrita Devi Sachan, resident of Barra locality of the city, had claimed in her petition filed on January 28, 2009 that she had purchased a commercial vehicle for Rs. 6,31,420 and the Tata Motors had given financial assistance of Rs 4 lakh, while she paid the remaining amount. The vehicle was insured by the company for the period from November 29, 2005 to November 28, 2006According to terms and conditions of the auto finance company, she had to pay off the entire loan in 47 installments of Rs 11,050 each. Due to unavoidable reasons she could not deposit two installments on time and the finance company deprived her of the seven months old vehicle on July 20, 2006.The petitioner alleged that she had made representations and sent letters to the finance company to get her vehicle back but all efforts went vain. The finance company through a notice dated November 15, 2008 informed her that they had sold off the vehicle and a sum of Rs.1,00,488 was pending against her.As per the order that came to her relief, she claimed a sum of Rs. 7,39,630, including damages and legal expenses.The finance company appeared before the forum and argued that the complainant was not under the ambit of consumer. More over the installments were due against her, so with the consent of the driver, the company had taken the vehicle in its possession and sold it to recover the sum. The claim was time-barred, they added.The presiding judges observed there were several rulings of the apex court that finance companies had no right to snatch the vehicle from its owner to realise their money. Since the vehicle was insured and the finance company had sold it, the latter was liable to pay the damages to the tune of Rs. 5,41,865 to the petitioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "phagwara", "code": "16390811", "title": "World's shortest body builder, 23, dies of brain haemorrhage", "text": "PHAGWARA: Aditya Dev aka Romeo, world's shortest body builder, with a height of 33 inches, died at the age of 23 here on Thursday morning due to brain haemorrhage.His name entered the Limca Book of Records in 2007 for being the world's shortest body builder and the record was in his name till date. A turnaround in Romeo's life occurred in 2005 when he came in contact with body building coach Ranjit Pal, who trained Romeo. In 2007, Limca Book of Records entered his name as the shortest body builder in the world.\"Romeo weighed just 7.5 kg when I spotted him. With training, he gained around 2 kg. It was at that time he applied for entry into the Limca Book, which was recognized in 2007,\" Pal, who also figures in record books for rope skipping and parallel bar dips, told TOI. His father Anil Dev Saral is a government school teacher.\"He was not keeping well for the past one year and on Wednesday night, his condition deteriorated. He was rushed to a hospital and doctors said it was brain haemorrhage and he could not survive,\" said Ranjit Pal. The new house built at Green Park locality here by his parents with the help of Romeo is named after him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390371", "title": "BHU library to create network of national agricultural libraries", "text": "VARANASI: The Central Library of Banaras Hindu University (BHU) would develop an Indian version of The Essential Electronic Agricultural Library (Teeal) with the help from Cornell University, to create a nationwide network of agricultural libraries for easy access to resources among scholars.BHU chief librarian AK Srivastava said a workshop will be held by the end of the year to discuss implementation of Indian version of Teeal, in which several agricultural scientists from India and abroad and delegates from Agricultural Innovation Partnership (AIP) would participate.The Central Library will also function as the nodal information resource centre' for AIP project launched with the support of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID), under the 'Feed the Future' initiative. In collaboration with Albert K Mann Library of Cornell University, BHU library will form a link of information between scholars, scientists, researchers, trainers and farmers. The endeavour of Aip is to increase food security and improve farming methods in the eastern parts of India.The Central Library is set to undergo several new developments which includes digitalization of manual knowledge of farming, digital preservation of information for easy access to rare and fragile study material and books, database management, automation and networking and development of digital archival structure.Srivastava and Vaishampayan, the two librarians from BHU, attended a 45-day training programme from July to August on 'International Library Capacity Building' organized by AIP at Albert R Mann Library. They got training in e-learning, e-resource development and digitization of study material. The two also visited around 30 to 40 libraries, including New York Public Library, New York State University Library, Colombia University Library and University of Pittsburgh to observe to seek good points of all these libraries.\"Library has been fully computerized a month ago, students can check the location and availability of books from anywhere inside the campus. We are also planning to give remote access to students who are not residing inside the campus,\" Srivastava said. The process of digitalization of rare books had already been started. The library has also increased its online assets. There are around 16,000 online journals while students can also access online books from Cambridge University Press, Sage HSS, Taylor and Francis and several other publications.The library of Institute of Agricultural Sciences, BHU will also be computerized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389851", "title": "Diabetes not rich man's disease: Study", "text": "AHMEDABAD: 'Stop Diabetes' a project undertaken by a city-based diabetologist and World Diabetes Foundation has yielded some alarming data. It has also reiterated the need for early detection of diabetes and prevention of complications.Senior diabetologist Dr Mayur Patel said that about 24,000 people belonging to different cross-sections of society were screened during the past one and half years. \"Of the rich, urban poor and villagers who were screened in different medical camps, 35 per cent were detected with diabetes. In camps conducted specifically in urban slums, 44 per cent people were detected with diabetes. The theory that diabetes is a disease of the rich has been completely debunked. The urban poor and villagers are equally at risk of suffering from the silent killer,\" said Dr Patel.He said that 949 doctors and 6,069 paramedics were trained in proper diabetes management. In all, over 54,000 people were targeted for diabetes education and awareness.The specialist said that while the 'Stop Diabetes' project will continue for the next one and half years, the lesson learnt so far was that aggressive diabetes management was especially required in the poor. On Friday, Dr Patel will launch 'Conquer Diabetes', a two-year initiative to combat diabetes.He said that as per a national study on socio-economic fallout of diabetes in developing countries like India conducted in 2010, 60 per cent of the poor in the country are forced to either borrow money from money-lenders or mortgage or sell their property to get their family members treated for complications arising out of diabetes.Diabetic complications include kidney failure, vision loss, cardiac disease, nerve disorders and diabetic foot. It was found that majority of diabetics are diagnosed with diabetes only after complications have set in.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16390504", "title": "Pay property tax now at banks across Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Madurai corporation plans to collect taxes directly through banks in the four zones of the city instead of its tax collection centres.According to a press release, the collection of taxes and their remittance in banks is a cumbersome procedure, where staff have to deal carefully with cash. Also, there are regular cases of cheque bounce due to delay in encashment.Mayor V V Rajan Chellappa will inaugurate this facility in the Madurai corporation on Friday. Once inaugurated, it will ensure safety of the collected money and also immediate crediting in the corporation's accounts.There are eight tax collection centres in the west zone of Madurai corporation. Hereon, taxes in the form of cash and cheques can be remitted in Karur Vysya Bank.Similarly, people who pay their taxes in the 12 collection centres in north zone can remit the same at HDFC Bank. The bank for the eight collection centres in east zone is City Union Bank and south zone is Axis Bank. The taxes can be remitted till 5 pm on all working days. This is expected to ease procedural hassles. The banks will act as collection centres in the respective zones.Corporation commissioner R Nandhagopal has added that there were also plans to launch online tax payment facility and that a proposal to this effect was being discussed with ICICI Bank.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390353", "title": "Observe Sept. 17 as T Liberation Day: BJP", "text": "HYDERABAD: The BJP on Thursday urged the state government to declare September 17 as Telangana Liberation Day even as leaders of the separate state movement pledged to intensify the agitation. The leaders gave this call while taking part in a public function at Indira Park to commemorate the first anniversary of 'Sakala Janula Samme.'BJP state president G Kishan Reddy led a delegation to assembly Speaker Nadendla Manohar and urged him to observe September 17 as 'Telangana Liberation Day' to commemorate the region's freedom from the erstwhile Nizam rule, in the House when it commences the monsoon session on that day.Later, taking part in the Indira Park rally, Kishan Redy charged that the MIM was lobbying in Delhi to stall the formation of T. \"Some of the forces including MIM leaders are lobbying hard in Delhi to scuttle the formation of Telangana, but no one can stop the creation of separate state,\" he said.Leaders of T-JAC, TNGO, TGO and Students' JAC took part in the rally, while Telangana Congress leaders including K Keshava Rao and Komatireddy Venkata Reddy pledged their support to 'Chalo Hyderabad', scheduled for September 30. when the T activists plan to lay siege to Hyderabad in support of their demand.Meanwhile, TRS chief K Chandrashekar Rao continued to stay put in Delhi, even as party leaders K Tarakarama Rao and B Vinod Kumar met Union home minister Sushilkumar Shinde on Thursday. Shinde has said last week that the UPA is in no hurry to take a decision on the separate state demand. The two TRS leaders reportedly told the Union home minister that the political situation in the state is conducive to the formation of Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389025", "title": "Court dresses up for kids", "text": "NEW DELHI: It's a room designed for a child \u2014 one look and you know. There is a couch painted in bright colours, a small table and a chair, a toys corner, an LCD screen, a refrigerator and a book rack. But this is no nursery, play school or home. It's a courtroom with judges, lawyers and criminals close by.As a first step towards protecting child witnesses, the Karkardooma district court will inaugurate the country's first special child witness courtroom (CWCR) on September 16. The district court has come up with two different arrangements \u2014 both borrowed from abroad \u2014 aimed at giving the child witness a conducive environment and ensuring that the accused and the child do not come face to face.The CWCR is also likely to be used in cases involving minor rape victims.According to the first arrangement, the child will be taken to the room (which is on the sixth floor of the building), through a separate lift that's now meant only for judges. This room has been built behind the courtroom, adjacent to the judge's chamber. Here the child will be made to sit comfortably and depose via video conferencing which will be connected to the courtroom, enabling the judge and the accused to see and hear him.In the second arrangement, a separate room with a huge one-way mirror window has been constructed for the accused on the left hand side of the main courtroom. In this case while the accused will sit separately, the child witness will be seated in the courtroom, right in front of the judge, on a couch, along with his attendant.Also, to make the child feel comfortable, the judges' dais, which is usually 4-5 feet high from ground level, has been lowered.The direction to make a child-friendly courtroom had come from the apex court. Following which, Delhi high court's monitoring committee members \u2014 Justice Geeta Mittal and Justice Reva Khetrapal \u2014 worked on the plan and appointed Karkardooma district judge P S Teji as its project manager.The legal fraternity has welcomed the move. \"It is a very positive step as the whole concept of a court is very intimidating for a child,\" said Ramesh Gupta, senior criminal lawyer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16391458", "title": "Fading sounds of tribal rhythms", "text": "RANCHI: Bhangra from the north and Kolaveri-type songs from the south have successfully transcended barriers of language to reach every nook and corner of the country. However, tribal music from states like Jharkhand has failed to garner any significant audience despite their evident potential. Music lovers across the world believe that folk music is captivating and often readily accepted by connoisseurs, so what has stopped Nagpuri from breaking the shackles and remaining confined to a small section of the society?Musicians believe that although traditional instruments and tribal music have long been neglected even by the locals - who mostly prefer modern instruments with more refined and technologically-enhanced tones - the rich sounds of folk instruments have a charm that cannot be replicated. \"One cannot expect the melody of 'tuhila' from modern-day synthesizers,\" said Madhu Mansuri, a leading tribal recitalists and a pioneer in fusion music. He said modern music revolves around public demand and are short-lived and shallow.Among tribal musical instruments, the 'mandar' and 'dhol' have remained popular with the common folk because of their availability, potential to replace other percussion instruments and easy handling. Complicated instruments like 'tuhila' - basically a pumpkin gourd attached to wooden handle with a silk string - or Saranga, made of wood and goat-skin with strings made of hair from a horse's tail, are outdated and on the brink of extinction. In fact, a musician named Kali Charan of Tatisilwai village, 10km from Ranchi is believed to be the last person who can play the saranga and the tuhila. Apart from the dhol and mandar, several other percussion instruments are gradually vanishing because very few people are adept at making them.Anil Sikdar, a Nagpuri filmmaker and a renowned theatre personality, said that advent of metal and plastic drums have hindered the growth of traditional instruments like nagara, dumang and dhanpla. \"The process of making a dumang or dhanpla involves use of wooden base and the skin of a buffalo or a monkey to give it the perfect sound. Once hunting was banned, making these instruments became difficult. Not many took it up as a profession as there were no buyers to offer the price for their efforts,\" he said. He added that they adopted a mix-and-match of instruments to give modern flavour to tribal music.Meanwhile, rutu (bamboo flute) and murli (small flute) have been extensively used in Jharkhand and proponent Mukund Nayak also took it to foreign countries. Having anchored Indian tribal festivals abroad several times, he said it is important that the instrument is preserved. Nayak, however, admitted that music and musical instruments can only be kept alive if they are in popular use and are appreciated by listeners. \"We cannot force the audience to like something. Unless master trainers can find perfect disciples, it will be difficult to preserve the culture,\" he says.Yet another tribal wind instrument, Narsingha, can be occasionally spotted during the tribal fairs like Mudma mela or during Sarhul and Karma celebrations. Now having a place in music museums, the instrument is used as a bugle to announce the opening of a ceremony of an event. Narsingha is often used as a mark of tribal culture instead of accompanying dance or songs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16389950", "title": "SC: No stay on fuel loading at Kudankulam N-plant", "text": "Fishermen watch a protest against the Russian-built Kudankulam Atomic Power Project, at Kudankulam, about 700 kilometers (440 miles) south of Chennai, Tamil Nadu state, India, Thursday, Sept. 13, 2012. One person was killed Monday after police fired at protestors demonstrating against the loading of nuclear fuel in the Russian-built reactor. (AP Photo))NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday did not stay the fuel loading process in Kudankulam Nuclear Power Plant, set to be operational in two months, but firmly told the government that it would scrutinize safety issues afresh to assure itself that the plant posed no danger to people living around it.A bench of Justices K S Radhakrishnan and Dipak Misra, mindful of the court's fundamental role as the \"guardian of the citizen's fundamental rights\", asked the Centre whether it had implemented at Kudankulam plant its own taskforce's 17 safety recommendations formulated to plug safety shortcomings that possibly caused the Fukushima disaster in Japan.The Centre made light of the petitioner's charges, saying 11 of the 17 recommendations were in the nature of \"abundant caution\" and their non-implementation was not going to affect plant safety. But the bench said it was not going to brush aside any safety issue which was of critical concern to millions.\"Public interest and safety standards are paramount. Millions of people are living around the nuclear plant. Many of them are illiterate. Their lives cannot be put in danger. They have a right to know what safety measures were taken,\" the bench said and asked attorney general G E Vahanvati when the plant would be operational.The AG said the nuclear plant would be operational within two months of completing the fuel loading process, which is about to start.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389716", "title": "Biker hits traffic cop on Marine Drive", "text": "MUMBAI: A motorcyclist, asked to slow down at a nakabandi on Marine Drive around midnight on Wednesday, sped up and drove straight into a policeman in a bid to escape. He was arrested.The incident prompted the additional commissioner of police (ACP), south region, to issue an advisory to personnel to merely note down the licence plate numbers of rash drivers instead of putting themselves in harm's way by interception.In Wednesday's incident, Umar Ansari (24), on a Pulsar, was asked to stop by constable Ravindra Kamble (51) below Princess Street flyover.The motorcyclist, who was headed in the direction of Girgaum Chowpatty, did not obey.\"Instead, he hit the constable with the motorcycle, dashed into the barricade, recovered quickly and sped away,\" said ACP south Krishna Prasad. \"Despite injuring his hand, Kamble did not give up. He got on to a motorcycle and gave chase for about 200 metres before catching up with Ansari.\"Ansari was booked under the IPC's sections 279 (rash driving) and 337 (endangering lives). His licence and motorcycle were seized. He later got bail.The nakabandi had been imposed as part of a campaign to check rash driving on Marine Drive.\"The 3km stretch till Girgaum Chowpatty is especially vulnerable to this menace,\" the ACP said. \"The drive will continue.\"In Wednesday's night drive carried out below the Meghdoot flyover the police stations at Colaba, Cuffe Parade and Marine Drive had booked 32 bikers and motorists for rash driving and released them on bail surety. \"Kamble risked his life while trying to stop Ansari and got injured. But he chased the biker and caught him,\" said Assistant Commissioner of Police (Colaba division) ST Kolekar.Marine Drive police senior inspector Zunjarrao Maruti Gharal said that drive was initiated on order received from the additional commissioner. \"The residents staying in the silence zone are scared of this rash drivers and fears to walk late night and early morning. We have been carrying out the drive regularly for the last three days between from 11 pm to 4 am. The idea is to curb the menace. Actions are taken against the rash drivers and their driving licences are seized. We collects the data of those caught during the drive and is compared it when next time if the same person is found breaking the traffic rules,\" said Gharala.The additional commissioner said that the licence is submitted in the court along with the chargesheet. \"The honourable court decides whether the licence should be cancelled for lifetime looking at the seriousness of the case. Meanwhile I have asked the police personnel on bandobast to note down the speeding vehicle registration number and book them under rash driving. Later they will be arrested after collecting their whereabouts from the regional transport office ( RTO),\" said Prasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "16388543", "title": "One more arrested in Gondmohadi poaching case", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officials arrested one more poacher in connection with Gondmohadi tiger poaching case, on Wednesday. The latest arrest bring the total number of those apprehended to four.Sources said that the accused Manohar Dhurve was arrested from Bellara village. Dhurve was arrested after Shriram Atram gave details about him during interrogation. Atram had been arrested earlier along with two others. A team of forest officials led by ACF Arun Tikhe confiscated two wire traps and bones of a wild boar from Dhurve's farm. He was produced before the court in Chimur. The court remanded him to the custody of forest officials till September 16.A semi adult tiger was killed and a full grown tiger was injured after they got trapped in the jaw traps laid by poachers in jungle near Gondmohadi in Palasgaon range on April 26. Forest officers had speculated the involvement of Baheliya gang behind the poaching with local aid. These arrests come after nearly four months of investigations.Poacher Tanoji Hanvate and Motiram Dadmal from Devri village were first to be arrested. Their statements during interrogation led to the arrest of Shriram Atram from whom foresters seized a jaw trap similar to one used in Gondmohadi poaching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391394", "title": "Shock, anger at LPG, diesel price hike", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the cost of daily essentials is breaking the back of salaried employees and businessmen alike, every commodity sold nationwide will now become more expensive due to the Rs 5 hike in diesel rates. Households will have to double their annual budget for LPG gas cylinders as each family is now slapped with a quota of six \"subsidised\" cylinders per year.A single domestic cylinder currently costs Rs 423 in Mumbai while a litre of diesel now costs Rs 46.17. Families may have to pay Rs 800-900 for every cylinder over the quota of six while motorists will pay Rs 51.17 for every litre of diesel.Thursday's double whammy announcement by oil minister Jaipal Reddy will have a cascading negative effect on all items of consumption. \"Crushing inflation has already caused middle-class families to compromise their lifestyle and this will drive another nail in the coffin. After a year of record harvest, dal costs Rs 110-120 per kg, milk Rs 53 per litre and cooking oil Rs 148. A single vada pav costs Rs 12. The government subsidizes oil firms' so-called losses but who compensates the common man?'' said Kalbadevi trader Dhaval Mehta.Waves of shock swept individual households as well as hotels and restaurants as the government announced a cap of six \"subsidized\" LPG cylinders per household per annum. The move instantly doubles a family's expenditure on cooking fuel. \"A family of four utilizes one gas cylinder every 25 days, or 12 each year. Having to shell out Rs 800-900 instead of the current Rs 423 for each of the other six will bleed them dry. I wonder how long the common man will tolerate the sheer disparity between his lifestyle and that of our politicians,\" fumed Shweta Sharma, an HR executive from Andheri.Those who have made the switch to diesel vehicles due to the high cost of petrol feel cornered as well. KEM hospital director Dr Sanjay Oak is among them. He said, \"One can only hope that better judgment prevails upon the government because things are getting more difficult day by day. The rise in diesel prices will put a strain on everything from food, clothing and shelter to medicine. The LPG cap of six cylinders will affect my household as well.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390751", "title": "Midday murder near schools shocks Sodepur", "text": "KOLKATA: A motorcycle gang shot a rival several times and threw bombs at him in a brazen midday attack on Thursday at a busy locality in Sodepur, the bustling town in the northern suburbs where the crime graph has risen alarmingly over the past six months.The attack, which killed 45-year-old Asim Ghosh, took place a few yards from the gates of a government school for boys and within a stone's throw from three other government schools (see graph). All the schools were in session and at least 4,000 students, boys and girls, were in the area when the shooting took place.Students heard the gunshots and explosions from classrooms and cowered in fear. People on the road, several women and children among them, ran into lanes or hid behind trees, makeshift roadside stalls and parked vehicles as the seven armed men riddled Ghosh with bullets and hurled crude bombs.A couple of hours later, when a TOI correspondent visited the spot, the otherwise peaceful residential colony of Deshbandhu Nagar was still paralyzed with shock. Residents said they were alarmed at the audacity of the criminals - the area is barely 200 metres from Sodepur station - and felt insecure. \"I shudder to think what could have happened if the attack had taken place some minutes ago, when the school's gates were open and students were coming in,\" said a teacher of the Chandrachur boys' school.The victim, a tea-stall owner, was an accused in the murder of a promoter earlier this year and known locally as an extortionist. Police said the goons, riding three motorbikes, cornered him around 12.10 pm when he was returning home from his shop on Sodepur station road. They fired two rounds at him. Ghosh was hit in the chest and stomach and slumped to the ground bleeding. As witnesses gasped in shock and fear, the gang threw the crude bombs and sped away. Ghosh was declared brought dead at Khardah Balaram hospital.Kollol Ganai, deputy commissioner (DD), Barrackpore City Police, visited the spot. He said the police had got some clues and the culprits would be arrested soon. Asked about the spurt in crime in the Barrackpore Industrial Zone, he said, \"We are trying our best. The results will be visible in the long run.\"At least five murders have taken place in the Khardah police station area in the past four months. Thurday's killing, police believe, is the fallout of a gang rivalry. \"Ghosh and his son Amit were allegedly involved in an extortion racket. Ghosh was also accused in the murder of promoter Apu Dey, who was also involved in several crimes and was shot dead at a construction site at Baranagar on April 7 this year. We are investigating whether Apu's associates killed Ghosh to take revenge,\" said an investigating officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16390452", "title": "Tahsildar raided in granite scam, more serving &amp; retired officials to be probed", "text": "MADURAI: Police conducted a raid at the residence of suspended Melur tahsildar Rukmini in Madurai on Thursday.Teams of police personnel also carried out similar raids at five other places including the residences of a few other retired government employees suspected to have aided granite companies accused of illegally quarrying granite.Police said they had questioned Rukimini and other government staff in connection with the scam.Melur tahsildar Rukmini along with eight other government officials including deputy tahsildar Mohan was placed under suspension by collector Anshul Mishra on August 22.Officials investigating the granite scam had found during inspections in granite quarries in Melur that land pattas were transferred without proper documents to granite companies. The role of government employees including that of Rukmini was suspected in the patta transfers.Even as revenue officials are carrying out a departmental inquiry, the police conducted the raids at Rukmini's house.Police said they have also seized certain documents from her house.The investigating officials have brought several other government staff, serving as well as retired, into the probe net, and similar raids in their houses are likely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391085", "title": "Collectorate awaits ACB report", "text": "PUNE: The district administration is yet to initiate action against deputy collector Kiran Mahajan and his assistant Rajesh Randive who were arrested by the anti corruption bureau (ACB) on Wednesday night for accepting Rs 2 lakh as bribe.Mahajan and Randive were granted bail by the court on Thursday, but the collector office is still awaiting an official report from the ACB for details of the case. Even after getting the ACB report, the district collector cannot initiate action against Mahajan. \"Only the state government has the power to take action against an officer of the rank of deputy collector. I can only forward the ACB's report to the government,\" said district collector Vikas Deshmukh on Thursday. He said the local district administration can initiate action against Randive, that too, after studying the ACB report.Deshmukh, however, asserted that the arrest does not reflect on the functioning of the collector office. \"Since last four years, the collectorate has initiated a zero pendency scheme under which speedy clearance is granted to applications and proposals tabled by the citizens. Clearance of files and proposals are delayed only if they are incomplete,\" said Deshmukh. tnnSources in the collectorate said that the district tenancy branch, where Mahajan and Randive are working, is considered a key department as it deals with the rights of tenants, who are possessing and cultivating a farm land but do not have it's ownership title. The tenancy branch is empowered to grant a no objection certificate in such cases.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391638", "title": "BJP warns against JNU beef party", "text": "LUCKNOW: Expressing concern over the highly publicised beef (gaumaans) party allegedly being planned on Jawaharlal Nehru University campus, the Uttar Pradesh unit of the BJP has urged the president and chief minister of Delhi to intervene in the matter. The state BJP warned of serious repercussion if such party is organised in JNU. \"The matter itself becomes serious if such a party has been planned in a university like JNU,\" said state BJP president Laxmikant Bajpayi.He expressed shock over the fact that the information of such a party being held in JNU is being spread for a long time either through social media or pamphlets, yet, neither government nor any private organisation has condemned this publicity, which itself strengthens the doubt.tnn \"Is it some ulterior design to demean the majority community of the country for whom cow is a holy animal and revered as mother cow,\" Bajpayi further added.BJP has always been against cow slaughter and the same had been banned in Delhi, Bajpayi further said and added it looked that inciting the sentiments of majority community has become the order of the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "dehradun", "code": "16393179", "title": "Twelve dead in cloudburst in Uttarakhand", "text": "DEHRADUN: Twelve people died and four others were injured as dozens of houses caved in following a cloudburst in Uttarakhand's Rudraprayag district today.A large number of people are feared trapped in the debris and rescue operations have been launched, Disaster Management and Mitigation department officials here said citing initial reports.Incessant rains since yesterday followed by a cloudburst in the wee hours today have left a trail of destruction in Timada, Sansari, Giriya, Chunni and Mangali villages in the district, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388456", "title": "Forest, magisterial custody for 11 sarpamitras till Monday", "text": "NAGPUR: Of the 11 sarpamitras arrested for selling snake venom illegally, the judicial magistrate first class (JMFC) remanded four of them to forest custody remand (FCR) and sent others to magisterial custody remand (MCR) till Monday after they were produced in the court on Thursday.A joint team of wildlife and territorial wing officials had arrested 12 sarpamitras and seized venom worth Rs8 lakh on Wednesday. One of the accused, Vishal Dambhare, was later released as it was found that he was falsely implicated. Dambhare later told TOI that he had nothing to do with the illegal sale of snake venom.The accused include Abhijit More, Vinayak Gaikwad, TM Anand Kumar, Ajay Pathankar, Naresh Gajbjiye, Achal Patil, Rajesh Aumori, Ajay Khamankar, Rajkumar Wankhede, Nilesh Mankar and Mohan Patel, informed assistant conservator of forests (ACF) Avinash Anjikar.Of the 11 sarpamitras who were produced in the court, Mankar has been remanded to FCR and Patel to MCR, it was learnt. However, the forest department officials were reluctant to divulge their names.35 ACF posts filledMeanwhile, the government filled 35 vacant posts of assistant conservator of forest (ACF) on Wednesday. These include those left vacant after some of the ACFs were promoted as divisional forest officers (DFO).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391193", "title": "\u2018Online criminals eye small firms to get big fish\u2019", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With increasing broadband penetration, people becoming more smart-phone savvy and mushrooming of small and medium businesses (SBMs), which are majorly dependent on various internet applications, Chandigarh and its neighbouring town, Mohali, are on the radar of cyber criminals. \"Chandigarh is home to over 2,900 SBMs that contributed around Rs 650 crore in the Indian economy. These companies are more vulnerable to malware attack and many cyber criminals are targeting them day and night. Systems not being protected properly can lead to crores of rupees being at stake,\" said Shantanu Ghosh, a cyber security expert, who works with this company. Ghosh said that criminals are attacking smaller companies to use them as a channel to infiltrate into the security system of big companies. \"The security system of these SBMs is not as strong as that of big companies and in some cases, company owners are unaware about the ramifications of probable cyber attacks. The trend of cyber attack has shifted from bigger companies to smaller ones and these are specifically targeted in emerging business cities, because they are in the supply chain and partner in the network of a larger company,\" added Ghosh. According to the report, emerging cities - business-wise -- like Chandigarh, Bhubaneshwar, Surat, Cochin, Jaipur and Indore are increasingly facing the risk of cyber attacks. Chandigarh has the fifth most bot-infested computers in emerging business cities in India. Mohali featured in the list of top ten cities that hosted phishing in India. Users unintentionally became accomplices to organized cyber-mafia who infect unprotected computers with Trojans that perform actions like sending phishing/spam e-mails without the user's knowledge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "southern bypass", "code": "16391387", "title": "Southern Bypass to take 6 months", "text": "SOUTHERN BYPASS: You will have to wait for over six months to enjoy a smooth drive from Doraha to Ferozepur Road, as the 27-km Southern Bypass will take more time to complete. The public works department (PWD) has completed only 65% of the project work. Despite Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal stressing that it will be completed by June 2011, the project, which started in February 2010, has missed two deadlines \u2014 June 2011 and February 2012. It is now set to miss the third one of October 2012. PWD is yet to get clearance from railway authorities for two railway overbridges near Ferozepur Road and Dhuri Line. PWD executive engineer Angrez Singh, who is overseeing the project, said, \"About 65% of the work has been completed. We have made two flyovers near Gill Road and Dugri operational. It will take another six months to complete about 90% of this project. At present, our focus is to get a go-ahead to construct railway overbridges... we hope to get it soon.\" He added: \"It is a Rs 327-crore project, with 27-kilometer road along the Sirhind and the Sidhwan canals... it will take time to complete.\" The delay has left commuters frequenting Moga and Bathinda disappointed. Sulkhan Singh, a businessman of Guru Nanak Colony, said, \"Those travelling from Chandigarh towards Moga and Bathinda face a tough time when passing through Doraha.\" Asking authorities to speed up efforts and ensure that the bypass is completed in time, BRS Nagar resident Gagandeep Singh said, \"It will make daily commuting easy for many of us.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389821", "title": "Top cops of 3 states to meet in city today", "text": "COIMBATORE: Senior police officers from Tamil Nadu , Kerala and Karnataka will discuss matters of internal security and information sharing between the states during a meeting to be held at the city police commissioner's office on Friday.Forest department officials from the three states will also participate in the meeting. According to sources, reports about the presence of Maoists in forests in the Western Ghats will be discussed in the meeting.IGs Abhash Kumar (internal security) and Shankar Jiwal (special task force), SP G Sampathkumar (Q branch CID), chief conservator of forest (protection and vigilance) Rampati and Mudumalai Tiger Reserve field director P Raghuram Singh will represent Tamil Nadu. IGs Gopal B Hosur and Alok Kumar (anti-naxal force), Kumar Pushkar, conservator of forest (Bandipur, Mysore) and O Palaiah, deputy conservator of forest (Dakshina Kannada district) will represent Karnataka. IGs S Anantha Krishnan (internal security) and Gopinath (Trissur range), DSP Jayashankar, Thiruvananthapuram and Sasidharan, chief conservator of forest (eastern range, Palakkad) will represent Kerala.\"This is a co-ordination meeting between the three states. There is no movement of Maoists in Tamil Nadu. We want to share information between the two bordering states. This meeting will be useful for the three states,\" said IG Abhash Kumar. \"We are not ready to reveal the agenda of the conference. But the conference will help increase the co-ordination between the states,\" said IG Alok Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389842", "title": "Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation to launch Information Centre", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) would be opening an information centre to guide people on power related issues at Tatabad, in Coimbatore on Saturday.A Thangavelu, Chief Engineer of TANGEDCO, Coimbatore, said that the new centre is the second to be opened following a similar one operating in Tirupur district. He said initially the centers would function three days a week. Officials would be available to guide consumers on getting new service connections, meter defects, temporary supply, renewable energy products, and application procedures. However, complaints and applications will not be accepted at the centre. Soon, people will be able to clarify doubts over phone, he added. Staff will be available to help from 10a.m. to 1p.m.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388866", "title": "AIIMS to soon start day care for arthritis", "text": "NEW DELHI: For patients suffering from rheumatoid arthritis , an autoimmune disease that causes inflammation in joints, there is a good news. The All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS) is going to start 'Rheumatology Day Care' where patients will be able to receive specialized treatment in the form of intravenous infusions of biological agents, pulse therapy and joint injections.According to Dr Uma Kumar, head of the clinical immunology and rheumatology service department, patients suffering from the advanced stage of the disease require intravenous infusions for pain management and reducing the inflammation. \"Till now, we were able to treat a maximum of four patients daily because there was only one observation bed and the infusion takes two to four hours per patient. We also do certain diagnostic procedures, muscle biopsy and nerve biopsy. The new facility has six dedicate beds and we will be able to treat at least 16-20 patients now,\" she said.Kumar added that the facility, which is situated in the new private ward, will be inaugurated by the institute director Dr R C Deka on Friday.The rheumatology department at AIIMS gets 60 new cases every week and about 12,000 odd patients are registered for regular follow-up. Across India, about seven million people suffer from rheumatoid arthritis. Health experts say that the prevalence of the disease is more common in females.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391806", "title": "Hike fares after improving service", "text": "Fare hikes should be effected only after commuters' issues are resolved. Any hike in fares would be unacceptable to commuters when refusals and tampered meters are the order of the day. The government should balance out the fare hike with a sustained crackdown on cheats. It should not expect commuters to pay a premium for sub-standard service.Related story:  Commuter activists fume as auto fare hike becomes imminent", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16391271", "title": "I-T to investigate sources of money, jewellery", "text": "MOHALI: The income tax wing of Punjab will investigate the source of crores of rupees and huge amount of jewellery recovered from the house and three lockers of former assistant advocate general -- and estranged wife of former deputy chief minister of Haryana, Chander Mohan -- Fiza Mohammed, aka Anuradha Bali. A senior police official said, \"Initially, income tax department was scheduled to search the three lockers of Fiza. Later, they instructed police to conduct the searches and send a detailed list of recovered items. A list has been prepared in this regard, which will be sent to the income tax department.\" Till now, none of the family members of Fiza, including her three younger sisters, have approached police, staking claim on Fiza's property and jewelry. It will be a very lengthy process, the official added. When contacted during the checking proceedings of the three lockers of Fiza on Thursday, sisters of Fiza - Monica, Aditi and Anjali -- refused to comment. They were apparently busy on their cellphones, giving out details of cash and jewelry being recovered. The sisters accompanied police party during searches and gave their signatures on the memos, prepared after the recovery of cash and jewelry from the lockers. A senior bank official with PNB-17 said, \"Fiza had not nominated anyone for locker. As per procedures, her kin will have to produce relationship certificate to claim the seized items from concerned courts.\" SSP (Mohali), Gurpreet Singh Bhullar, said, \"Family members, especially three sisters, can claim the property of deceased through district court, Mohali, and possession will be given only after clearance by income tax department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390636", "title": "West Bengal may get an all-women's prison", "text": "KOLKATA: If the state has its way, the city may soon get there will soon be an all-women's correctional home in the city. The decision was made after Union minister of state (home), Jitendra Singh , along with state IG (prisons) Ranveer Kumar visited went on a visit to the Alipore Women's Correctional Home on Thursday. during the day, accompanied by the state IG (prisons) Ranveer Kumar.Later, Kumar said the state government is trying to set up an all-women's correctional home.At present, there are two correctional homes for women - at Alipore and Purulia. The Alipore jail can accommodate 300 inmates, but currently there are 326 women. \"It gets difficult if the total number of inmates exceeds the capacity of the jail. Thus we are trying to find plots to build an all-women's prison,\" said Kumar. Among them, 47 women have children, and it is difficult if the total number of inmates exceeds the number the jails are meant for, Kumar said.\"The children have to be kept with their mothers at night for emotional reasons, and a new set-up will improve the situation,\" Kumar said.In Kolkata, the Dum Dum Central jail can additionally accommodate 60 women, but if the number increases, the situation worsens in city jails, which in any case are the most pressured.According to Kumar, there are plots adjoining the different jails in Kolkata, like Dum Dum, Presidency and Alipore Central correctional homes. \"However, even if these plots are not used for new construction, there may be plots available in Baruipur once the district headquarters of South 24 Parganas comes up,\" the IG Prison said. When a new all-women prison is set up, those now in Dum Dum may be shifted there, and the Dum Dum prison may be turned into an all-male prison, he added.Meanwhile, the state jails department has organized a football tournament between term convicts of all six central correctional homes - Dum Dum, Alipore, Presidency, Behrampore, Jalpaiguri and Midnapore - in the state. tnn The \"term prisoners\" are those who are serving sentences of seven years, ten years or are lifers. The six central jails are Dum Dum, Alipore, Presidency, Behrampore, Jalpaiguri and Midnapore.They would be fighting for a cup, and are practising hard for it. Correctional homes have been organizing football tournaments within their premises, but this is the first time, they will come out of the prisons to hold such an event, an official said. \"People outside will get to watch the matches and see not get to see the talent, but this will be an interaction of the inmates with those outside the correctional homes,\" Kumar said. The matches will be held at a football ground in Latbagan, Barrackpore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394555", "title": "86pc of slimmers use excuses to ditch dieting", "text": "Excuses like 'I had a hard day at work' or 'I got bored' have been found to be common reasons for quitting a diet in a new survey.According to the new research, a staggering 86 per cent of dieters are coming up with excuses.The survey found that 37 per cent of women have said there is no point in starting a diet properly as they never stick to it by the end of the day let alone the whole week.A further 23 per cent of dieters suggest it is not worth starting half way through the week and 20 per cent will put off dieting by at least one week.The survey commissioned by LighterLife has shown that 30 per cent of women are now being honest and admitted it is their lack of motivation and commitment to healthier eating.\"Because clients change the way they think about food by taking part in a weight-loss programme driven by small group support and nutritious food options that kick start fast weight loss this drives motivation levels - which is something that the Monday Dieter will need to get their head around!\" TV's Doctor Hilary Jones said.\"There is no such thing as 'bad' food - only a bad diet,\" Jones said.The survey highlighted that excuses range from falling off the wagon because of a bad day at work, too many parties, being too busy to lose weight or quite simply getting bored.18 per cent even blame their work colleagues for bringing in tempting treats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391012", "title": "Bangalore networks with Cambridge for innovation", "text": "BANGALORE: In a landmark collaboration which will boost the academic standards of Indian higher education institutes, the Bangalore-Cambridge Innovation Network was officially launched at the Indian Institute of Science here on Thursday.It's an initiative led by the British deputy high commission to foster links between academics, businesses, researchers and entrepreneurs from both cities. The 803-year-old university will partner with India's premier institutes like the Indian Institute of Management, IISc, National Centre for Biological Sciences and International Institute of Information Technology.\"Both cities have immense resources in intellectual capabilities and both share the determination to use the strengths... We already have 250 active projects with India. We can work together on issues like food, water and security... It's not true that industry interaction will take scientists off pure science,\" said Sir Leszek Borysiewicz, vice-chancellor, Cambridge University.The UK government has allocated around 90 million pounds for research collaborations. Urging industry collaboration in academics and research and technology transfer, he said: \"In 50 years, we had 1,400 companies and 40,000 jobs. The university doesn't drive it anymore. It has its own momentum. We find that enthusiasm here in Bangalore.\"\"We have no magic solutions for India's problems. But we're coming to India because we know there's excellence here. The sheer scale of education that India needs in primary and secondary levels is huge. To get into the top world's educational institutions, research-enhanced education is important,\" he saidAgreeing with him, P Balaram, director, IISc said: \"Translation of innovation into practical utility is what most universities hope to achieve. IISc is fostering a climate of entrepreneurship , giving shelter to anybody who wants to venture out.\"\"Bangalore has companies like Infosys, Wipro and Biocon which have scaled up. Cambridge already has an ecosystem fostering research and entrepreneurship. Both can take advantage of each other's strength,\" said Shai Vyakaranam, director, Centre for Entrepreneurial Learning, Cambridge University.The Karnataka government extended full support to the network. \"We'd like to have researchers and innovators from both countries working together on problems like clean drinking water, low-cost medicines and innovative ways of segregating solid waste,\" said Kanwar Pal, principal secretary, department of environment and ecology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390675", "title": "Tiger strayings anger villagers", "text": "KOLKATA: Repeated strayings by two tigers in the Sunderbans over the last three days have kept forest officials on the tenterhooks. Giving in to pressure from angry villagers, the forest department on Thursday laid trap cages in the forests near Patharpara village, where a tiger had strayed on Wednesday night and killed four goats in two houses. On Monday night, another tiger had entered a house in the same village.Subrata Mondal, who lost two of his goats, said the tiger struck in the wee hours of Thursday. \"We woke up to noises from the farm that houses the livestock. We peeped in and found a tiger sitting next to two slain goats. On seeing us, it left the kill and disappeared into the forest,\" said Mondal. Forest officials arrived later to investigate the straying.Subrata was lucky that the tiger did not return to claim its kills. But Himangshu Mondal, whose hut is a four- minute walk from Subrata's house, saw his nightmare coming true when a tiger, presumed to be the one that strayed into Subrata's house a few hours earlier, entered his stable and killed two more goats. This time too, it failed to take away the kills.Sensing that the tiger might sneak into the village again in search of its prey, the forest department took no chance and laid trap cages on Thursday morning. \"We have laid the cages near the forests of Panchmukhani 2, from where the tiger is probably straying out,\" said Sunderbans Tiger Reserve field director Subrat Mukherji.Some villagers are upset at the selection of goats as bait inside the trap cages. \"The tigers are getting used to the taste of goats because they are used as regular baits. Our farms had cows too. But whenever a tiger strays, it picks up goats. We have been repeatedly telling the foresters not to use goats as live bait,\" said Sita Mondal of the same village. Sources said a tiger had strayed into the house of Ananda Biswas in the same village on Monday night and killed a goat. \"If the forest officials had taken the matter seriously, today's incident could have been averted,\" said another villager.Dipu Mondal, a resident of nearby Jamespur village, who was witness to a tiger straying in August, said the department's apathetic attitude is responsible for such incidents. \"The tiger entered my stable twice that night but the forest officials did not turn up in time,\" he said. Sushanta Sardar, a teacher in the primary school in Patharpara, said there should more active involvement by senior forest officers. \"Instead of approaching us through the eco-development committee members, they should talk to us directly to get an idea on the problems we are facing,\" Sardar suggested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16391231", "title": "Wetland act likely to be amended soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The plainspeaking of Planning Commission vice chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia on the need for amending the Paddy land and Wetland Conservation Act of 2008 is nothing but a reflection of a long-term strategy, which the state government is planning to execute. It is reliably learnt that the cabinet subcommittee, which has been authorized to look into the issues of land acquisition in the state, is toying with the idea of amending the paddy and wetland act passed by the previous LDF government in 2008.The proposed amendments will ensure that industrial zones and township projects will be exempted from the act. The amendments were suggested by the Industries department in the sub committee meeting convened by the chief minister on June 13 this year. Sources said the industries department secretary had told the meeting that Paddy Land and Wetland Conservation Act would be a serious hurdle for enacting several project proposals included in the Emerging Kerala summit. A committee of senior officers was formed in the meeting to study in detail the suggestions and finalize the amendments.Sources said the June 13 meeting suggested three crucial amendments to the existing act. The first was to amend section 3 and section 11 of the existing act that ban conversion of paddy land and wetland respectively. These sections in the act prohibit conversion or reclamation of paddy fields and wetland. The amendment being considered by the cabinet subcommittee suggests that, \"Restrictions under sec 3 and sec 11 shall not be applicable to area marked for other purposes in the industrial zone and town planning schemes noticed under town planning act and the land notified as industrial land\".In continuation, another amendment proposes to add a subsection 29 to section 2 of the act for defining Industrial land. \"Industrial land means any land in the state declared to be industrial land and to be notified in the gazette from time to time which shall include industrial parks, industrial estates, industrial development areas, industrial development plots, mini industrial estates, industrial growth centres, special economic zones, IT parks, tourism and healthcare projects, logistics park, free trade and warehousing zone and other service sector projects,\" suggests the new subsection proposed.Another major amendment is the one suggested for the section 10 (2) of the existing act. Instead of the local level monitoring committee, the state-level monitoring committee also can suggest land for exemption if the land is earmarked for public purpose.According to sources, a day after the Emerging Kerala summit, the senior officers of the subcommittee will meet here to frame a final draft of these proposals which will be perused by the cabinet subcommittee afterwards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16394942", "title": "Diesel price hike: Cong CM, allies seek rollback; protests across India", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre's decision to hike the prices of diesel and put a cap on LPG subsidy has led to protests across the country.Kerala chief minister Oommen Chandy on Friday said the Centre should have avoided the hike in diesel prices and demanded at least a partial withdrawal of the increase.Chandy, who belongs to the Congress and heads the UDF government, said here that, \"If it is difficult to completely roll back the increase, the Centre should at least reduce the hike.\"The LDF and BJP have given separate calls for dawn-to-dusk hartal on Saturday to protest the decision and demanded roll-back of the hike.The LDF leaders said the hike amounted to a \"declaration of war on people.\"Associations of bus and truck operators demanded hike in fares, holding that they would not able to maintain their operations at the current rates in the wake of the diesel price hike.We were not consulted: DMKDMK, a key ally of UPA, has said it was not consulted by the Centre on the diesel price hike and insisted on its rollback.\"If they had consulted (us), there would have been no need for me to issue a statement yesterday condemning the price hike,\" Karunanidhi told reporters here while replying to a question.When asked about his party's stand in the backdrop of West Bengal chief Minister Mamata Banerjee-led Trinamool Congress' opposition to the diesel price hike, Karunanidhi said, \"I don't know (how) to issue a threat\".Referring to his demand for convening the UPA coordination committee and asked what would be his party's key demand, he said, \"To reduce diesel price.\"Mayawati demands immediate rollbackBSP chief Mayawati criticised the UPA government for increasing diesel price and restricting supply of subsidised cooking gas and demanded immediate roll back of the \"anti-people decision\".\"Reeling under the pressure of continued price hike of petrol, the common man has been further subjected to more hardships with this decision of unprecedented diesel price hike of Rs 5 per litre as well as quota of six LPG gas cylinders per family,\" Mayawati said in a statement.Blaming the \"wrong\" economic and foreign policies of the Congress-led UPA government for throwing common man's life in chaos, she demanded that these policies be immediately rectified in keeping with people's interest.Nitish flays CentreBihar chief minister Nitish Kumar has flayed the Centre for hike in the price of diesel and restricting supply of cooking gas and said that the latter has inflicted a 'cruel joke' on the people who are reeling under the price rise and inflation.The hike in diesel price will particularly put additional burden on the farmers and will have a cascading effect on the prices of the food grains due to increase in transportation, he said.Inflation and price rise will further escalate due to the diesel price hike, Kumar said.He also termed the Congress-led UPA government's decision in this regard as 'unfortunate'.\"It has been observed that whenever the Congress comes to power, it brings price rise with it,\" he said.Kumar demanded that the Centre should roll back the price hike of diesel and withdraw the proposal to restrict the annual supply of LPG cylinders to six per family.Government committing fraud, CPI-M saysThe CPI-M has accused the government of committing a \"gigantic fraud\" by hiking fuel prices at a time when Indian oil companies were making huge profits.The Communist Party of India-Marxist condemned the \"unprecedented\" hike in the price of diesel and the limiting of six cooking gas cylinders per family per year.\"The hike in diesel price will have a cascading inflationary impact imposing greater burdens on the already suffering people,\" it said in a statement.\"Agricultural sector and farmers will particularly suffer. The limiting of cooking gas cylinders will adversely impact on the livelihood condition of crores of families across the country.\"It said the government's reasoning that such hikes were inevitable because of the \"burgeoning losses\" of oil companies \"is a patent falsehood\".The statement said that oil and natural gas giant ONGC declared a net profit of Rs.25,123 crore for 2011-12. For the next quarter ending June 30, it had reported a further growth in profit of 48.4 per cent.The IOC reported a net profit of Rs.4,265.27 crore for 2011-12. The Hindustan Petroleum Corp Ltd (HPCL) reported a net profit of Rs 911 crore.\"Interestingly, for the last quarter of fiscal January-March 2012, its net profit increased by 312 per cent. The Bharat Petroleum has reported a net profit of Rs 1,546.68 crore.\"The UPA government is thus committing a gigantic fraud on the Indian people,\" it said.The CPI-M called upon all secular opposition forces to unite to roll back \"this unreasonable hike in the prices of diesel and limiting of cooking gas cylinders\".SAD threatens agitationCriticising the Congress-led UPA government for increasing diesel and LPG gas prices, SAD has demanded immediate rollback of the decision and warned if it is not done the party would launch an agitation.\"The hike in diesel price would have a cascading effect on prices of essential commodities which were already beyond the reach of the common people. This hike would adversely effect the transport sector as well as already suffering debt ridden peasantry,\" a Shiromani Akali Dal spokesman said.\"It is surprising that when international prices of crude oil decrease, the benefits are never passed on to the consumers but whenever there is even a marginal increase in price of crude oil, the common man is burdened without any delay,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "khanna", "code": "16390828", "title": "Khanna boiler blast toll mounts to 7", "text": "KHANNA: The death toll mounted to seven in the boiler blast incident at Sanjeev Agro Pvt Ltd here, on Thursday as Janardhan, a resident of Kushinagar district and Manohar, resident of Jaunpur district of Uttar Pradesh, succumbed to their injuries at PGIMER, Chandigarh.Meanwhile, two other deceased -- Chottu and Davinder Mishra -- were cremated on Thursday. Chottu was cremated at Khanna while relatives of Davinder had taken his body to Kanpur where they cremated him, senior superintendent of police, Ravcharan Singh Brar, said.Brar said that samples will be lifted from other unidentified bodies for DNA profiling. Earlier, Pawan and Umesh died in the hospital at Chandigarh on Wednesday evening. Bodies of Pawan, Janardhan and Manohar were also handed over to their families, he said.Apart from the unidentified bodies, bodies of Baghirath and Umesh were yet to be cremated as their relatives were on way to Khanna and would reach by evening, Brar said.The SSP said that they were waiting for the report of magisterial inquiry, marked by deputy commissioner, so that they can register a case against the guilty.About the inquiry, SDM, Khanna, Purshotam Singh Sodhi, said that officials of state labour department and other concerned offices had visited the spot. Even as some of the deceased were cremated in Khanna, they have arranged for transportation of bodies on the request of family members, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16391134", "title": "Five snake catchers among ten arrested for venom smuggling", "text": "NAGPUR: The Forest Department arrested five snake catchers and five others here today, for their alleged involvement in smuggling snake venom.Forest department officials seized 10 ml of venom from them, worth Rs 7 lakh in the international market.Officials received a tip off that some snake catchers were involved in illegal collection and trade of venom in the city. Accordingly, a raid was conducted yesterday, after which officials arrested 10 persons trying to sell the venom in the international market.Seven live king cobras, one chameleon and one grass snake were also seized from them.They have been booked under provisions of the Wildlife Protection Act 1972. All of them are residents of Koradi Dahegaon, near here and were allegedly involved in the illegal trade for quite some time, forest department sources said here today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16390132", "title": "Congress accuses Tripura government of siphoning off BPL rice", "text": "AGARTALA: The opposition Congress has accused the Left Front government in Tripura of siphoning off rice provided by the Centre for the listed below poverty line (BPL) families of the state.Leader of the opposition, Ratan Lal Nath, alleged that the UPA government had allocated 28.5kg rice at Rs 6.15 as an additional benefit to 1,01,923 listed BPL families along with existing 20kg for the next seven months.However, despite a directive against diversion of the additional rice, the state government is distributing 22kg only instead of 48.5 kg per family. The government has also illegally included 27,000 party cadres in the beneficiaries' list.\"Chief minister Manik Sarkar has been claiming that the additional rice allocation is his government's initiative, omitting the Centre's support and action, to lure voters in their fold,\" Nath said, adding the state government has also been depriving APL families of 6kg rice every month for over a year.According to Nath, the government has been managing to save 189 crore kg of rice by way of giving less than the stipulated amount of rice to the listed BPL families and, as a result, an amount of Rs 28 crore has been siphoned off in the entire process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391106", "title": "Cops receive 2 more complaints of minor girls' abduction", "text": "PUNE: The Bharati Vidyapeeth police on Thursday received two more complaints against call centre employee Nitin Maruti Nanaware (34) of Ambegaon for allegedly abducting two minor girls after offering them a lift on his motorcycle. He had released them later. Sub-inspector Dwarika Dokhe, who is investigating the abduction of a 10-year-old girl on Thursday, said after Nanaware's arrest, families of two more victims from Bibvewadi and Market Yard have come forward and made complaints against him.Dwarika said Nanaware had allegedly abducted the two girls separately around six to eight months ago. The parents had not approached the police because of fear.\"Other than these two girls, Nanaware had also attempted to abduct two other girls, but they did not sit on his bike because they were sensitised by their parents about not taking lifts from unknown people. The modus operandi of Nanaware was that he would abduct minor girls from lonely places on the pretext of offering them a lift or enquiring about an address. He would release them after some time,\" she added.Meanwhile, a magisterial court Nanaware is in police custody till September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389042", "title": "Accused with anticipatory bail thrashed by cops", "text": "MUMBAI: An accused, who got an anticipatory bail and has been reporting to the Mira Road police station as per court orders, was allegedly beaten up by eight policemen, including an assistant police inspector, in the lock-up on Wednesday afternoon.On August 12, Dilawar Khan (24) and Arshad Khan (22), residents of Naya Nagar were booked for kidnapping of a hotelier Kurshid Qureshi. Arshad was arrested on August 14 and Dilawar was shown absconding. Dilawar was also booked under the Arms Act for allegedly possessing a revolver while attempting to kidnap the complainant, Qureshi.Dilawar, a personal bodyguard by profession, obtained an anticipatory bail on a personal bond of Rs 15,000 from the Thane district court on September 1. The court directed Dilawar to present himself at the police station on Mondays, Wednesdays and Saturdays for the next two months between 12 pm and 4 pm.On Wednesday, when Dilawar went to the police station around 3pm to register his attendance, he was allegedly taken inside a lock-up and beaten up by eight cops, including an assistant police inspector Rajendra Avhad. Dilawar said the cops beat him up with their belts, for about 30 minutes to teach him a lesson for absconding and obtaining an anticipatory bail.According to Dilawar, the cops removed his shirt and assaulted him. They abused him and asked him to sign on blank papers, he alleged, adding that he insisted on signing on the attendance register.Dilawar, who sustained injuries on his back, managed to call his lawyer Edgar Braganza, who rushed to the police station. \"Dilawar was taken to Bhagwati hospitall. Doctors said that Dilawar had been assaulted by several people,\" said Braganza. The duo tried to register an FIR till late on Wednesday but did not succeed. \"The cops will try to defend their people. But Dilawar can identify all the policemen who assaulted him,\" said Braganza.Dilawar met Thane rural superintendent of police Rajendra Sengaonkar on Thursday and handed over his complaint. While he mentioned the names of API Avhad and constable Deshmukh in his complaint, he said that he could identify the other six constables. Deputy superintendent of police, Mira Road, Prashant Deshpande said he had been apprised about the matter and was probing the charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16390583", "title": "Settle case with mom, court tells Mongia", "text": "MUMBAI: A Mumbai court has asked former cricketer Nayan Mongia to settle a domestic violence case with his mother, saying that it involved his family and asking him to appear before the Lok Adalat on September 16, 2012.\"We are ready to settle as we do not want this matter to drag on,\" said a source close to Mongia's mother Gyandevi (69). Mongia's lawyer Kshitij Mehta alleged the case was lodged at the instigation of Mongia's siblings. \"The court suggested we settle the issue, but there is no direction. We will consider it,\" Mehta said.In her application, Gyandevi claimed that after her husband's death in December 2010, she was ill-treated by her son and daughter-in-law. She was forced to shift to Mumbai where her daughter lived in March, 2011.Gyandevi had a bypass surgery and has five stents in her heart. She said she spent around Rs 7-8 lakh for her treatment and alleged physical and mental violence and sought the court's direction to Mongia to pay her the money she spent on her treatment and a monthly maintenance.She alleged Mongia refused to give her the property her husband bequeathed to her. Mongia filed a case challenging the will. Mongia's lawyers challenged the jurisdiction of a Mumbai court to hear the case as Mongia and his mother lived in Baroda. The magistrate, though, observed that the Mumbai court could hear the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16390048", "title": "Bail for prime accused in molest case", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court on Thursday granted bail to Amar Jyoti Kalita, the prime accused in the GS Road molestation case.The counsel of Amar Jyoti moved the high court in two cases filed against him at the Bhangagarh police station in the city. He was released after paying a surety bond of Rs 10,000 in each case.The trial will begin at the court of the chief judicial magistrate (CJM), Kamrup here from September 18.The Kamrup CJM court on Tuesday granted bail to 13 other accused in the July 9 molestation case. Earlier, television journalist Gaurav Jyoti Neog, who was accused of instigating the mob during the GS Road molestation incident, was also released on bail by the high court.Amar Jyoti was evading arrest for a fortnight after the July 9 incident, but he was finally arrested by Uttar Pradesh Police on July 23 last in Varanasi. He was then brought to Guwahati on transit remand from Varanasi. The court of CJM, Kamrup sent Amar Jyoti on judicial custody on July 31.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16389296", "title": "Villagers object to Cutbona jetty", "text": "MARGAO: While the fisheries department issued instructions to the South Goa deputy collector and land acquisition officer to postpone the hearing regarding the land acquisition admeasuring 30,000 sq mts a Cutbona, Velim, until further notice, villagers gathered at the collectorate and submitted their objections on Thursday.Incidentally, the hearing was to be held in the office of the deputy collector Sagun Velip on August 29 and was postponed to September 13 . \" I informed the villagers that I received intimation from the fisheries ministry to postpone this hearing until further notice\" said Velip.The villagers, in their written objection which was submitted to the district collector as well pointed out that the chief minister Manohar Parrikar , had recently agreed to scrap the present land acquisition process for Cutbona jetty expansion if it was not wanted by the people.\"The proposed land acquisition at Cutbona does not benefit the villagers of Velim, and moreover, the jetty project will only increase the hardships faced by the people, which the department of fisheries has failed to address,\" said Ramona Almeida.Almeida, who is the convenor of the Velim civic and consumer forum , further stated that land in Velim is scarce and eco-sensitive, and that they need to preserve the land for future generations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16389009", "title": "Pendency of RTI appeals on the rise, says a study", "text": "INDORE: Almost 30,000 appeals /complaints are pending with the central Information commission (CIC) here. This was revealed a study which was conducted by Anuradha Verma, RTI consultant with IIM (I), who also runs a website rtifoundationofindia.com.The study found that average monthly receipt and disposal of cases between May' 2011 - April' 2012 has been 2747 and 1958 respectively which shows that 789 cases were added to the pendency position of the CIC every month.The total number of appeals pending before the CIC has shown an increasing trend during the past as the disposal of cases has not been able to keep pace with the number of appeals filed with the CIC, said the study.The average disposal of cases during the past one year was even less than 2000 per month and thus we are adding on over 800 appeals every month as of now', said Verma while talking to TOI. If the situation continues to be like this, then we will have more than 50,000 appeals within next two years, added she.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "16391017", "title": "Good bacteria may help cure sinus problem", "text": "NEW YORK: Adding a dose of the 'good' bacteria to the sinuses may help treat some chronic conditions of the disease, a new study has claimed.In a study published in the journal Science Translational Medicine, researchers discovered that some chronic sinus problems may be caused by a depletion of 'good' bacteria and the presence of 'bad' bacteria in the sinuses.Adding back good bacteria to the sinuses will work to treat the condition analogous to the way probiotics may treat certain intestinal problems, MyHealthNewsDaily reported.The study analysed the populations of bacteria present in the sinuses of 10 people with chronic sinus problems, known as chronic rhinosinusitis, and 10 healthy people.They identified the bacteria species by looking at their genes. People with chronic sinus problems had fewer types of bacteria in their sinuses compared with healthy people, and a significant reduction in bacteria that produce lactic acid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nawada", "code": "16389996", "title": "Cop caught taking bribe from rape victim", "text": "NAWADA: An SHO in the district allegedly demanded bribe from a rape victim if she wanted him to 'honestly' investigate her FIR. He ended up being trapped by vigilance sleuths.Narhat SHO Jag Narayan Ram was arrested red-handed by a team of vigilance sleuths, who had come from Patna, while accepting a bribe of Rs 10,000 from the rape victim's father at the police station on Thursday evening.Reports said SHO Ram had threatened the victim to declare her accusation untrue in his investigation report if he was not paid Rs 10,000. A resident of Badalpur village under the Narhat PS, the girl was allegedly raped by co-villager Satish Singh on September 2 this year. The family of the girl complained to the vigilance investigation bureau which laid the trap and asked her father to meet SHO Ram and pay him the bribe while its officers waited in the wings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391652", "title": "'108' service is all in the 'samajwadi' spirit", "text": "LUCKNOW: Though delayed by four years, the Emergency Medical Transport (Ambulance) Service Project will take off on Friday. The state government has named it 'Samajwadi Ambulance Seva'. NRHM mission director Mukesh Meshram said a fleet of 133 ambulances for 13 districts will be launched in the first phase.Incidentally, the districts selected for the first phase have a clear-cut 'samajwadi' connection. The Samajwadi bastion of Etawah, Kannauj and Mainpuri got a total of 30 ambulances. Senior SP leader Azam Khan's native place Rampur gets eight ambulances while health and family welfare minister Ahmed Hasan's home town Ambedkarnagar gets 11 ambulances. Lucknow and the accident-prone district Meerut got their due with 13 and 16 ambulances, respectively. Other districts that benefited include Saharanpur (13), Muzaffarnagar (11), Shyamli (5), Baghpat (8) and Moradabad (10).There is silence over 'politicisation' of the public service. \"The 108 ambulance network in UP is going to be the biggest in the world,\" said Meshram, adding that the department would roll out all the 980 ambulances by January, 2013. He said once 980 vehicles hit the road, UP would have an ambulance for a population of every 2 lakh. But the government plans to provide an ambulance per lakh citizens by adding 1,000 ambulances more to the fleet. \"By the end of 2013, there would UP's ambulance network would be the strongest,\" said the officer. He also claimed that ambulance service in Lucknow will be functional by Friday evening and in the remaining 12 districts, it will get functional by Saturday. The dry run of '108' was held on Thursday. Its call center is ready with a capacity of 60 persons. In the subsequent phases, the call center would rope in 300 operators.TOI spoke to a call centre operator who said the training of personnel is complete. \"Each ambulance will have a driver, medical technician and a paramedic and we would coordinate by taking the field staff in conference with the caller,\" he explained. Citing past experience particularly relating to the traditional helpline number such as that of police, fire or ambulance, officials said 108 has been equipped with caller ID to discourage fake or crank callers.Conceptualised to provide immediate medical response through a network of ambulances to help patients in need, this would provide basic first aid to patients and transport him to the nearest health facility. Two types of ambulances will be part of the EMTS. The first is called basic life support and the other is called advanced life support. While the first is meant to attend and stabilise patients in emergency situation such as an accident or fire, the other would come in handy in conditions like heart attack.The project is to be developed on a PPP basis. As per the prevailing norms of an ambulance for over a population of 1.5 lakh, UP needs 1,300 vehicles to cover the entire state. But, the project involves some 980 ambulances. The project's target was to be achieved in 2008-09, but was delayed. It gained momentum in 2010-11, when the Union health ministry gave UP a second chance. At this time, UP government simply procured the vehicles and ignored the logistics part. As a result, the ambulances collected dust for months inviting the central government's ire. In July 2011, the state government floated a tender to run the service. Several agencies providing the service in different states participated in the event and the tender was finally awarded to GVK EMRI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391037", "title": "Strike hits Mysore, misses Hubli, Mangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Barring Mysore city, the KSRTC bus strike across the state evoked a lukewarm response, with Mangalore remaining unaffected.In Mysore, the bustling bus stop on Irwin Road on Thursday wore a deserted look, with public transport vehicles staying off the roads. The protest inconvenienced regular commuters like office-goers, students and labourers who are chiefly dependent on public transport. The windshield of a city bus was damaged by two motorbike-borne miscreants near Gun House junction, and a bus driver was allegedly threatened by an autorickshaw driver.In Hubli, the strike did not make any impact. Commuters depended on private transport with KSRTC resuming services after 10am.In the coastal district of Dakshina Kannada and Mangalore city in particular, it was business as usual. The two KSRTC divisions in Dakshina Kannada, Mangalore and Puttur operate 957 services and all buses which were scheduled to depart from DK operated as usual.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389713", "title": "Governor-headed environment panel back in action", "text": "PANAJI: The state government has reconstituted the Goa state environment protection council (GEPC) headed by governor V R Wanchoo as chairman and chief minister Manohar Parrikar as vice chairman and environment minister Alina Saldana as vice chairperson.The advisory body of more than 30 members comprises two Lok Sabha MPs, 12 MLAs, representatives from five NGOs, such as Nirmal Vishwa, Ponda, Vivekanand environment brigade, executive secretary, council for social justice and peace president, Goenkar ramponkaracho ekvott children's rights in Goa, friends of good governance.The council will meet twice a year or more frequently, as may be decided by the chairman, to discuss the items suggested by members. Decisions will be arrived at by consensus and would be advisory in nature.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391440", "title": "500 &amp; counting: Flurry of reactions to heritage list", "text": "MUMBAI: Residents of Mumbai are making themselves heard over the new draft heritage list, and how.Already, the civic body has received more than 500 suggestions and objections from Mumbaikars concerned over the proposed grant of heritage status to their properties.The figure is expected to rise considerably as citizens have time till September 30 to send their suggestions/objections to the draft list.In comparison, the citizens' response to the call for suggestions on the civic body's open space policy received a lukewarm response. The BMC got only around 100 responses from Mumbaikars in this regard.Explaining the trend, a senior civic official said: \"Inclusion on the heritage list affects citizens directly. Hence, we have seen such a reaction.\"Meanwhile, there seems to be a lot of political interest in the matter as a number of politicians have also participated in the process of providing feedback.The draft proposes to include 947 structures and 47 precincts to the new heritage list. However, several discrepancies have been pointed out as there has been a delay of five years for the list to be published. It was compiled in 2005 and completed in 2007. In the process, several structures have been knocked out or been replaced by high-rises.\"The idea behind having suggestions and objections is to address the anomalies. The list, which will come out after all the citizen responses are studied, will be final,\" said V Ranganathan, chairman of the Mumbai Heritage Conservation Committee (MHCC).While some citizens have said they do not want the heritage status, many have asked for incentives and funds to maintain their structures. Some others have agreed to the grade being proposed for their properties.A number of structures that have been included in the draft are from the suburbs, which were left out iof the existing list. \"We want the MHCC to also tell us what incentives we will be entitled to if our building is included on the new list,\"said Harish Mehta, trustee of a 120-year-old temple in Ghatkopar that features on the list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "16391540", "title": "Will have open manholes closed, promises may", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli-Dharwad Mayor Pandurang Patil said that Hubli Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) will take stern action against those corporation workers who have not been attending to complaints from citizens about the open manholes in the twin cities of Hubli-Dharwad.Speaking to reporters here on Thursday, the mayor said, \"We had ordered that all open manholes be closed using overtop valve with metal plate and other equipment. We will take all measures to close the open manholes.\"Further speaking about the Solid Waste Management (SWM) project, the mayor said that various companies were approaching HDMC to set up SWM units in the twin cities and that they have been asked to submit their proposals, Patil added. He said the modalities would be worked out keeping in mind the high court directive, and soon the HDMC will have an SWM unit in place.During the general body meeting of the corporation we will put forward the SWM resolution and after that the process of e-tendering will start, mayor said. The mayor also reiterated his resolve to make the Hubli a pig-free city before the completion of his tenure. He admitted that the plan was going a bit slow but said stray dogs and pigs would not be seen on city roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389906", "title": "Gujarat biased against minorities: Centre", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Centre has blamed the Gujarat government for adopting dual standards in implementing a policy that benefits the minorities. The allegations were made during hearing on a PIL demanding that the state government should implement a scholarship scheme for minority students offered by the Centre.On basis of a report by TOI, advocate Hashim Qureshi filed the PIL seeking the Gujarat high court's direction to the state government to implement the scheme. The petition claimed that the Centre had allotted Rs 9.82 crore for award of 52,260 pre-matriculation scholarships to students in Gujarat. But the central government noticed that no scholarships had been availed.The Centre has been offering the scholarships since 2008. Under the scheme, the Centre contributes 75% of funds and the state government has to bear 25% of the total amount. The state government has not implemented the scheme on the ground that it is discriminatory because it is based on religious basis and meant to help only one community. Advocate general Kamal Trivedi cited a couple of judgments stating that giving benefits on religion basis is in violation of Article 15 of the Constitution.During the hearing, the Centre's counsel Hriday Buch submitted that while many states implement this scheme, the Gujarat government refused to do it without any justification. Only ground the state government has taken is that it would implement the scheme only on socio-economic criteria, and not religion.Buch also contended that the state government had been implementing a similar scheme since 1979. He also highlighted that two other scholarships of this nature meant for minority students have been implemented by the state government, but it refuses to implement this very scheme only because larger number of students are targeted. He alleged that the state government cannot deny benefits to five communities including Muslims, Sikhs and Parsis.The Centre also submitted that the scheme was offered on basis of recommendations made by a high-level committee. Its counsel also made it clear that there is distinction between reservation and scholarship. While students belonging from the SCs, STs and OBCs get various benefits, students from minority communities do not get any such benefits. Further hearing on this issue is on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390209", "title": "Go Green campaign goes beyond borders", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Earth Care Awards' fourth edition this year moves beyond borders, drawing into its fold India's neighbours for the first time since the Times of India launched the Go Green India campaign in 2008 with these awards.In association with the JSW Foundation, the JSW-TOI Earth Care Awards honour communities and corporate houses engaged in creating practices and processes towards sustainable living.This year's eminent jury \u2014 including agriculture scientist M S Swaminathan \u2014 will judge green initiatives from seven nations. A host of environment friendly projects from Nepal, Sri Lanka, Bhutan, Maldives, Pakistan and Bangladesh vie alongside Indian initiatives for the coveted awards that highlight local-level activities to address the impact of climate change.The idea behind including neighbouring countries for this year's honours is to encourage partnership within the region's communities, non-governmental organizations and corporate houses to care for the environment across borders. Earth Care Awards 2012 aims to enable nations to improve their quality of life without compromising that of future generations.The awards will be given out on Friday at a glittering ceremony hosted by partners ITC Maurya. Multiple stakeholders \u2014 aware citizens, political leaders, grassroots workers, corporate entities and government departments \u2014 will be present.Minister of environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan, chief guest on the occasion, will be joined by power minister Veerappa Moily as guest of honour. Planning Commission member Narendra Jadhav will be at the awards as will key stakeholders from other countries such as Japan, the United States, Australia and Germany. The sponsors of the annual awards are the JSW Foundation helmed by chairperson Sangeeta Jindal.The evening will see several dignitaries from the region participate, including Saarc director M Sridharan and joint secretary Vikram K Doraiswami. High commissioners of Pakistan, Salman Bashir; Bangladesh, Ahmed Tariq Karim; and Maldives, Dnyaneshwar Mulay, will cheer for their contestants, while Nepal will have N Adhikari, charge d'affaires and political counsellor Tirtha Raj Wagle root for their community participants. India's high commissioner to Pakistan Sharat Sabharwal will also be present.The awards are given to NGOs, communities and corporate houses in three categories. Community-led action on facing climate change in terms of water resources, land use, changes in land-use and forestry is the primary category. The second category rewards industry for reduced emissions: large-scale and small-to-medium enterprises. The third measures the potential/ impact of innovative technical solutions to mitigate climate change.The jury for the awards comprises renowned environment specialists and experts: UNEP's Rajendra Shinde, Kartikeya Sarabhai of the Centre for Environment Education, Aneeta Bennigner of the Centre for Development Studies &amp; Activities, Anil Manekar of the Nehru Science Centre, William Dar of the International Crops Research Institute for the Semi Arid Tropics, IndAsia Fund Advisors' Pradip Shah, Mckinsey's Rajat Gupta and Shailaja Chandra.A book on the significance of conservation and greening of arid regions will also be released on the occasion. The book, 'Daroji \u2014 An Ecological Destination' chronicles the efforts and successes of the efforts of the Daroji Sloth Bear Sanctuary set up in 1994 on 55sq/km of Bilikallu East Reserve Forest to restore the environmental balance to the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388304", "title": "Ramnaresh Sarwan wins case against WICB, awarded $161,000", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ramnaresh Sarwan has won $161,000 in damages after winning his case against the West Indies Cricket Board (WICB).Sarwan had lodged the case in conjunction with the West Indies Players Association (WIPA) in March 2011 accusing the board of unfairly questioning his fitness and attitude and wrongfully denying him a central contract. He has not played for the West Indies since June 2011. The arbitratrator, Seenath Jairam, agreed that the WICB acted in a high-handed manner, indulged in a non-transparent selection process and breached the Memorandum of Understanding with the player.In another setback for the WICB, opening batsman Lendl Simmons too was awarded $117,203 in damages. Simmons, part of West Indies squad for the World T20, said he had been \"rendered jobless\" despite having a valid contract between Oct 1, 2009 and Sept 30, 2010.Lara to be inducted into ICC Cricket Hall of Fame:The International Cricket Council (ICC) on Thursday announced that Brian Lara will join the 66 male members of the Hall of Fame.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16389970", "title": "Sitamarhi superintendent of police gets the boot, finally", "text": "PATNA: Twenty days after Sitamarhi college girl Kanchanbala Jha committed suicide alleging police failure to save her from molesters and stalkers, SP Vivek Kumar was late on Wednesday evening shunted out of the district. The 2007-batch IPS officer will now replace Pankaj Sinha as commandant of the Patna-headquartered BMP-16 as Sinha goes to Sitamarhi to helm policing in the district.The state government's move came a day after TOI carried an interview of state DGP Abhayanand, in which he was asked why he didn't recommend at least the transfer of Kumar so as to send out a strong message to other officers. Though the DGP had replied that the police HQ was waiting for the probe report of IG Shobha Ohatker on the suicide episode, Ohatker told TOI around Wednesday midnight that she hadn't submitted her probe report yet.Besides Kumar, the state government also transferred Sheikhpura SP A Ransingh Sahu. The 2006-batch officer has been asked to report to the police HQ and wait for posting. Sahu has been under the police HQ's lens following allegations that she had been in direct contact with Sheikhpura district's bootleggers and gamblers.Gaya City SP Baburam has been made the new SP of Sheikhpura in place of Sahu. Aurangabad SP Siddhartha Mohan Jain (2006 batch) has been sent to Buxar to replace Daljeet Singh (2007 batch) who has been made the new SP of Aurangabad. Special Task Force SP Akhtar Hussain has been posted as the new City SP of Gaya.The state government also transferred eight ASPs and eight DSPs on Wednesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16389242", "title": "\u2018Dad, \u2018uncles\u2019 hold reins of Akhilesh government\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Six months into his term as chief minister, an overwhelming majority of urbanites in Uttar Pradesh feel that while Akhilesh Yadav may be the man in the hot seat, his father is a 'super chief minister' and 'powerful uncles' are spiking many of his decisions. That's the key finding from a five-city poll, which also found a marked dissatisfaction with the government's performance.About 72% of those polled felt that while Akhilesh may be the CM, Mulayam Singh Yadav is acting as the super CM. Nearly two-thirds, or 63%, felt that powerful uncles are getting in the way of Akhilesh's smooth functioning. Perhaps that explains the fact that 75% felt the CM hasn't taken a single bold decision in the past six months.The unhappiness is reflected in the fact that 42% of respondents said they were \"completely dissatisfied\" with governance and another 8% somewhat dissatisfied, against just 15% saying they were completely satisfied.A key reason could be that two-thirds of those polled (67%) said they were unhappy with UP's law and order situation. It would seem that Akhilesh's campaign promise to wipe out the 'goonda raj' tag often hurled at the earlier SP regime hasn't yielded the desired results.That should give Mayawati reason to cheer. She is widely perceived to have won the 2007 polls largely because people had become fed up with the terrible law and order situation under Mulayam.But what about the issue that is seen to have brought about Mayawati's downfall \u2014 corruption? Akhilesh had promised to tackle corruption on a war-footing, but 43% said he has been totally ineffective, compared with only 10% who feel he has been completely effective. The fact that uncle Shivpal was caught on camera saying it was \"OK to steal a little\" and that nothing was done about it clearly hasn't helped Akhilesh much on this count.There is also a feeling that Mulayam is going overboard in promoting his kith and kin. Of those polled, 69% felt Mulayam is promoting his own family. On a wider scale, only 36% said this government is inclusive in its policies, 59% felt it's just taking care of its own voter base. Interestingly, the perception seems to be that the bureaucracy is more politicized under this regime than under Mayawati. About 40% said the BSP regime saw a less politicized babudom compared to 24% who said this government has been better on this count.If Akhilesh thought he had won the youth over with the promise of laptops and tablets and unemployment dole, the findings of the survey should make him think again. A staggering 74% felt that these one-time giveaways are a waste. With over 60% also holding the view that the Akhilesh government has not succeeded in attracting investment and 50% saying it has been unable to project a positive image outside, it is understandable that only 36% of those polled felt the government has been successful in living up to its poll promises, while 43% said it hadn't.The survey was conducted in Lucknow, Kanpur, Varanasi, Allahabad and Ghaziabad and polled those between 18 and 40 years of age. It was conducted exclusively for TOI by IPSOS, a global market research agency. Interestingly, on most parameters Ghaziabad and, to a lesser extent, Kanpur, seem to have a positive view of this government than cities further to the east.Six months may not be a long enough time to judge a government, but the initial signs are disturbing from the SP's point of view, particularly given the level of its ambition for the Lok Sabha elections which are due in 2014 but could possible happen earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16389361", "title": "South Goa comunidade begins survey of land at Moti Dongor", "text": "MARGAO: The office of the administrator of comunidades, South Zone, began the process of surveying its area atop Moti Dongor on Thursday.Officials attached to the office of the comunidade, Margao municipal council (MMC), south Goa collectorate and attorneys of the comunidade properties, supervised the operations.The exercise has been undertaken in pursuance to the assurance given by the state government to the high court of Bombay at Goa last month that \"all the illegal constructions carried out at Moti Dongor, Margao, shall be demolished after carrying out necessary survey within a period of six months.\"The assurance was given during the hearing of a public interest litigation filed by Sanjiv Punalekar, pointing out that illegal constructions had come up at Moti Dongor. The petitioner had prayed for a direction to the state government to conduct a survey of Moti Dongor and list out all structures which are in existence on Moti Dongor in violation of the provisions of Goa Municipalities Act, 1968.Sources said that on Thursday, the boundaries of the comunidade property were identified and these will be properly demarcated with boundary stones in the next few days.The officials had a hard time in identifying the boundaries on account of the rampant encroachments by the slum dwellers. \"As concrete structures have come up on the land, it was difficult to locate the boundaries,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16391515", "title": "Dwellers near landfill raise stink", "text": "BELGAUM: Like Bangalore, people living near the landfill in Belgaum are raising a stink too and want the facility shifted out. The Belgaum City Corporation disposes nearly 180 to 200 tonnes of garbage every day. However, due to increase in population, every year nearly five percent of garbage is piled on.The corporation has a solid waste management unit at Turmuri, which is 13 km from the city. Ramky Enviro Engineers run the unit.But the Belgaum garbage disposal site is also facing problem from people living in the vicinity. They are protesting against the pollution and attendant health problems caused by the waste and want the garbage site to be shifted to another place at the earliest.Officialspeak But corporation officials are not unduly worried. \"Since 2007, the corporation has been using this site and for the next 20 years we need not worry about any alternative place for garbage disposal,\" said Dr Satish Potdar, health officer, Belgaum City Corporation.The landfill is spread across 66 acres of land. The Belgaum City Corporation won the \"Green Leaf Award 2011\" in the category of \"Best Garbage Disposal\" for significant contribution in the field of solid waste management.Though the corporation is doing a good job in disposing waste, nearly 5,000 people residing in the surrounding places of Turmuri, where the solid waste management unit is set up, want the unit to be shifted elsewhere. The corporation is yet to decide on the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389043", "title": "Plea against Raj Thackeray: Cops to reply", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Thursday directed the Delhi Police to inform it as to what action it has taken on a complaint filed against Maharashtra Navnirman Sena (MNS) chief Raj Thackeray for allegedly branding Bihar natives in Mumbai as infiltrators.Metropolitan magistrate Neeraj Gaur directed the police to file an Action Taken Report (ATR) by September 22. \"ATR be called from SHO of concerned police station (Subzi Mandi),\" the court said.The court order came on a complaint filed by advocate Prem Shankar Sharma who said Thackeray's remarks, also allegedly threatening Bihar natives to be thrown out of Maharashtra, are provocative and anti-national, for which an FIR must be lodged against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390974", "title": "Emerging business cities on cyber criminals\u2019 radar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With increasing broadband penetration, people becoming more smart-phone savvy and mushrooming of small and medium businesses (SBMs), which are majorly dependent on various internet applications, Chandigarh and its neighbouring town, Mohali, are on the radar of cyber criminals. According to the internet security threat report of a private company, which is dealing with system security in various countries, around 25% of bot-infested computers were seen in Chandigarh and in a few other emerging cities, business-wise, making them vulnerable to cyber crime. \"Chandigarh is one of the fastest growing cities in the country and it is home to over 2,900 SBMs that contributed around Rs 650 crore in the Indian economy,\" said ShantanuGhosh, a cyber security expert, who works with this company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16390254", "title": "Separate T-state not possible: Asad", "text": "Notwithstanding TRS president K Chandrasekhar Rao's claims that he had got 'positive signals' from the Congress leadership on the formation of Telangana, Majlis-e-Ittehadul Muslimeen leader and MP Asaduddin Owaisi said that formation of a separate Telangana state was not possible. Addressing a public meeting at Bodhan town on Wednesday, he clarified that his party was against the formation of a separate Telangana. Stating that only Hindutva forces like the BJPwould benefit from the formation of Telangana, he said Muslims would never accept a separate T-state.Indirectly taking a dig at KCR's claims that the central government was going to decide on T-issue, Owaisi said that some political leaders were misleading the people of the region by setting fresh deadlines on the formation of Telangana.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390654", "title": "Left out, Presidency University old guard feels let down", "text": "KOLKATA: Several Presidency University teachers feel slighted and let down by the selection procedure that will soon oust them from the state's most prestigious educational institution.Most of them are PhD holders, have long teaching experiences and have published papers in international journals. Many have taught abroad and been to foreign universities on fellowships. Yet, they have been rejected in favour of some teachers who are not only short on experience, but also don't have the mandatory PhD, say sources.Only a handful of the newly-formed university's existing teachers, who applied for the posts of assistant professors, have made the cut. None from the English, philosophy and history departments has been selected. One each from the sociology, political science and Hindi departments has made the grade. Around eight from the science departments have made it.Though the selection process is not yet over, the present trend suggests that not more than 20% of the existing teachers will be selected. Some of the rejected applicants have alleged serious anomalies in the selection process.An assistant professor of English was not accepted despite the fact that he has been to the USA on a Fulbright fellowship, did his post-doctoral research in Oxford and has 14 years of experience. \"I am hugely disappointed with the selections. I believe I had all the qualifications but they treated us shoddily. Presidency teachers were not even asked to furnish their testimonials with the application forms but external candidates were asked for credentials,\" he said.A colleague, with the same Fulbright and UK background, said Presidency teachers had been given the impression that they wouldn't be competing with outsiders for posts. \"But we found ourselves pitted against external candidates,\" he said, pointing out that the Presidency University Act does not mention anything about the fate of teachers who have not been selected. \"We are in a state of limbo. The university can't do without our services, but we know it's a matter of time before we are asked to go,\" he said.A senior physics teacher, who has taught at the University of Surrey, UK, said he felt humiliated to continue at Presidency. \"We were treated on a par with freshers during the selection process. Our teaching experience was not factored in, which is unfair. Also, they asked us to furnish two recommendations at the last moment. I managed it but it seemed like a ploy to throw us out of contention,\" he said, claiming that he lost out to candidates who had little experience. \"I have 20 published papers and attended around 50 conferences in India and abroad but all that didn't seem to matter,\" he rued.No pattern was followed during the selection, alleged a geology teacher. Several young applicants were taken in despite their not having PhDs, he said. \"An expert on the panel seemed impressed with my research. He asked me to get some papers published. I was given the hint that I could make it. But I was not on the list,\" he said.A transfer to another government college will be a regressive step for many teachers. An English teacher said he would consider opportunities in other states. \"It really doesn't make any sense to return to a district college from Presidency,\" he said. Vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said the selection process was fair and transparent. \"A selection process has to be competitive and ours is no different. The best have been chosen,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388838", "title": "Bimal Gurang had different ID on Facebook", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bimal Gurang, the 28-year-old hair stylist and treatment expert who was brutally murdered on September 5 in south Delhi, had two identities. One was of a high-flying corporate man who had recently been appointed ambassador of a French cosmetic company; the other was of 'Umrao Mirza', his social networking moniker.Gurang had a happy-go-lucky lifestyle. Considered the 'life' of any party, Gurang's friends said he was a jovial person with no enemies but who also maintained a low profile otherwise. He lived in a studio apartment at Ber Sarai in south Delhi. But it was his secret life as Umrao Mirza that had cops puzzled. His neighbours were not sure what he did and who his friends were or his whereabouts. It were his Facebook profile and statements from colleagues that shed light on his life and cops got crucial leads.A close friend recalled Gurang's journey from Nepal to Siliguri and finally to the national capital. \"He came here six years ago and was reserved for as long as I knew him. He was quiet about his family too, but at times, he remembered his mother who he was closest to. He said he was saving every rupee for her. Every month he sent her a large part of his income,\" he said.\"He did not party everyday but went out with friends to pubs every alternate weekend. He preferred staying at home and liked home-cooked food. He often demanded Chinese cooked at home when he visited friends' houses,\" the friend added.Guragon had created the pseudo identity of 'Umrao Mirza Chand Naik' to separate his professional life from his private one. \"He was serious about his career and did not want to mix the two. He was quite serious about his job and was taking up new assignments which kept him busy most of the time. He then created a second life and drew a line between the two,\" he said.\"We did not know that he was in touch with these outsiders (the killers). If we had any idea, this incident would have never happened,\" said the friend, a professor at a prestigious educational institution in Delhi, who spoke on condition of anonymity.Meanwhile, the probe has revealed that the accused had planned to kill him on August 31, but it was aborted as more friends had come over to Gurang's house for the party that night. The trio, Naval Kishore, Daleep and Pradeep, postponed the plan for September 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "barnala", "code": "16393763", "title": "Voices rising across the globe against missing Indian girls in womb, global walk against foeticide on Saturday", "text": "BARNALA: The much might not be done in India to eradicate the social menace of female foeticide but the campaign against the foeticide is getting global overtones with special attention towards the evil prevalent in India. The western world with Indian Diaspora at the forefront is all set to go in for global effort against the practice. A walk is being organized at many places in America, Canada for the Indian daughters, who are getting killed in the womb even before taking birth.The campaign having started two years ago with walks across 6 cities has grown on to 22 cities across five countries. The global campaign started by organization 'Petals in the dust' is themed as India' missing girls, 'kyonki meri bharun hatya nahi hoyi'(because I was born). The third walk for spreading awareness over the issue of female foeticide is taking place on September 15 across San Francisco, Seattle, Minneapolis, Surrey, Brampton apart from other places.The campaign is making waves across the social networking sites and getting many takers from across the globe.\"I could have been aborted because of being a girl. I was maybe given up/abandoned because I was a girl, so I am one of those girls missing from India's population. And this cause is very important to me\" writes Sumitra Dorner, organizer of the global walk for India's missing girls in Minneapolis.\"We are gearing up for 3rd annual global walk for India's missing girls on September 15 in San Francisco, Seattle, Minneapolis, Surrey, Brampton and other places. We are bringing together women and men of different races, socio economic levels, political opinions, religious beliefs committed to creating awareness to end 'gendercide' in India and other parts of the world\", wrote Loveen Kaur Gill, organizer of the event at Brampton. Loveen, who also runs NGO Amar Karma organ donation society, said it is very sacred cause and efforts are being made to get along as many persons as we can.Says Loveen \"Let's speak louder together.....and blow the idea through the winds......! adding the walk is taking place in 15 different places around the globe on September 15 and people are expected to participate in the walk by wearing pink duppatas/scarfs and holding posters with related writings.The campaign is meant to involve women who nurture their household, raise children to give better citizens to the societies, to those women who have taken up the reins to implement changes such in political world, to medical field and to all walks of life, reads another post on Facebook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16390877", "title": "Sikh body expresses solidarity with US", "text": "AMRITSAR: Equating the attacks on American consulates in Benghazi, Libya and Egypt with that of Wisconsin gurdwara shooting, a Sikh organization, United Sikhs, has called for solidarity in these trying times and for all Americans to unite and stand together.Director, international civil human rights advocacy, United Sikhs, Manwinder Singh, told TOI on Thursday that the attacks in Libya and Egypt as well as the recent Wisconsin shooting are examples of very specific, violent acts of hatred that unfortunately result in loss of innocent lives. US ambassador to Libya, Christopher Stephens and three members of his staff had died in the attack.\"Once again, American lives were lost on a September 11 due to senseless violence, widespread hatred and a lack of understanding. The reported cause for these horrific attacks was an extremist response to an online video in which Prophet Muhammad was reportedly defamed. Quoting The New York Times, he said officials suspect that an organized group had either been waiting for an opportunity to exploit the protests over the video or perhaps even generated the protests as a cover for their attack.Legislative policy director of United Sikhs, Harpreet Singh , said that the organization condemns such acts of violence and stands with the victim families in their time of grief. Sikh organizations in US have been hailing the immediate action taken by US administration following Wisconsin gurdwara shootout that killed six Sikhs in cold blood, he said.Earlier, several US-based Sikh organizations had hailed signing of two bills to promote civil rights and religious freedom for Sikhs by California governor Edmund G Brown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390532", "title": "Poor support in strongholds worries CPM", "text": "KOLKATA: The once impregnable bastions in the 2008 panchayat polls have turned out to be the CPM's worst nightmare in the run up to the panchayat polls. They comprise a total 2387 gram panchayat and 445 panchayat samiti seats in rural Bengal where the CPM won unopposed.With Mamata Banerjee in government, CPM mandarins in Alimuddin Street fear the worst backlash in all these seats mostly spread over Hooghly, West Midnapore, Burdwan and Bankura.Facing a rout in South Bengal in the 2011 assembly elections and serious reverses in Coochbehar and Jalpaiguri in North Bengal, the three-day extended CPM state committee meeting beginning Friday plans to take stock of the ground reality before chalking out its survival strategy. Party general secretary Parkash Karat and CPM politburo member Sitaram Yechury will attend the meet.CPM's priority now is to protect its cadre base and build booth-level organisation from the scratch for the coming panchayat polls scheduled sometime in 2013. Senior CPM leaders concede that pre-2011 electoral figures have become redundant now. In many areas, the party has lost its organisation nucleus to continue with the routine activities. In districts like Coochbehar, the CPM has been relegated to a second Left force after Forward Bloc.The challenge before the CPM is to field candidates in majority of the 51,000-odd seats in the three tier panchayat polls. The task is less easy than said.The new panchayat rule provides for reservation for women and OBCs other than the scheduled castes and scheduled tribes for the first time in the state. Fifty per cent reservation for women in all categories - general, OBC, SC and ST - is the new formula. The party's women wing will thus have to mobilise at least 25,000 female candidates from all castes when the CPM is under siege in the districts. The most difficult among them is to field OBC candidates among Hindus and Muslims because the backward castes comprise a sizeable section in most districts.The three-day session will thus try to gauge whether there has been a further slide in the Left support base in the last one year since Mamata Banerjee came to government.Sensing the crisis, the CPM's North 24-Parganas unit has already initiated a mass contact programme that will culminate in a rally at Rani Rashmani Road on October 1. Party insiders, however, can't bank on the party's striking force alone.\"The participation of supporters in rallies is no longer an effective indicator to the party's support base. The huge rallies on the eve of the assembly elections in North 24-Parganas, Hooghly, Burdwan and Bankura proved to be the contrary to the poll when the results came out. It indicates an alienation that can't be recovered so soon,\" a CPM state committee member said. The downslide in the CPM's vote share has begun from the 2008 panchayat polls. The party's share in gram panchayat seats fell by more than 12 per cent when compared to 2003. The vote share dipped further in the 2011 Assembly elections, prompting the CPM mandarins in Alimuddin Street to dump the figures of the yester years.In a bid to reinforce its organisation, the CPM state committee may induct fresh blood in seven state committee berths in the 84-member new state committee that party state secretary Biman Bose had announced. Pradip Nath from Coochbehar, Jia ul Alam from Jalpaiguri and Muzaffar Hossain from Malda and three members from mass organisations could be among the new inclusions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389365", "title": "Jundal was in Aurangabad after arms haul", "text": "MUMBAI: Investigations into the 2006 Aurangabad arms haul case have revealed that while the state ATS was hunting for prime accused Zabihuddin Ansari alias Abu Jundal from the day he escaped from Chandwad highway, he was very much in Aurangabad for two days. After the haul, an alert to trace Jundal was sent out to all the police agencies. However nobody could trace him.Jundal told interrogators that he went to Aurangabad after dodging the ATS and spent the night in a mosque. The next day, he sent an e-mail to one of his friends from Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) about the incident. Jundal was instructed to meet one Shaukat in Kolkata. He was also asked to come to Pakistan with the help of Shaukat. The same day, Jundal took a train to Kolkata and met Shaukat near Sealdah (Calcutta) railway station the next morning with a white handkerchief on his right hand. Jundal introduced himself to Shaukat as Dawood.Shaukat took him to Benapool and in the evening they crossed the Bangladesh border and reached Dhaka. Jundal stayed in an under-construction building for a week. Shaukat instructed Jundal not to open window, not to use flush and to speak discreetly. Jundal stayed in that building during that period.\"After a week, Shaukat came to me and said that we have to leave the next morning. He gave me new clothes and new chappals. The next morning, Shaukat came with four bags-two small bags full of litchis and two large bags full of sarees. We took a taxi to Dhaka airport. At the airport there was no immigration and security checking. We entered the boarding counter without any checks. Shaukat arranged a passport for me in the name of Saeed. We boarded a PIA flight to Karachi from Dhaka,\" Jundal told police.After reaching Karachi, Shaukat introduced Jundal to one Raza and asked him to stay with Raza. Jundal was then taken to a room in Hyderabad Colony. Jundal stayed there for a week and shifted to another room where he stayed with Saif and Zahid, both from Hyderabad in India. After this, Jundal took a flight to Rawalpindi, where he met LeT commander Muzammil. From this place, the 26/11 conspiracy begun.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391590", "title": "Coimbatore-Bikaner train service underway", "text": "MANGALORE: Regular service of trains no. 22476/22475 Coimbatore- Bikaner AC superfast express will start from Coimbatore on September 15 and from Bikaner on September 20. This train announced in 2012-13 railway budget was inaugurated at Bikaner on September 12.During monsoon, up to October 31, train no. 22476 Coimbatore - Bikaner express will leave Coimbatore at 3.20pm on Saturday and reach Bikaner at 5pm on Mondays. From Bikaner, train no. 22475 will leave at 5.45am on Thursday and reach Coimbatore at 4.35am on Saturday.During non-monsoon season, that is, from November 1, train no. 22476 will leave Coimbatore at 3.20pm on Saturday and reach Bikaner at 12.25pm on Monday. Train no. 22475 will leave Bikaner at 5.45am on Thursday and reach Coimbatore at 2.50am on Saturday.This train will stop at Palakkad, Shoranur, Kozhikode, Kannur, Mangalore Junction, Udupi, Bhatkal, Karwar, Madgaon, Kankavali, Ratnagiri, Chiplun, Roha, Panvel, Vasai Road, Vapi, Surat, Ankleshwar, Vadodara, Anand, Ahmedabad, Mehesana Junction, Palanpur, Abu Road, Marwar Junction, Palimarwar, Luni, Jodhpur, Maria Road Junction, Nagaur and Nokha.This train will have one first class AC, four 2-tier AC, eight 3-tier AC, two guard-cum-generator coaches.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16390427", "title": "Protesters, supporters clash ahead of CM's Srirangam visit", "text": "TRICHY: Tension prevailed in Trichy as members of the Makkal Kalai Ilakkiya Kazhangm attempted to show a black flag to chief minister Jayalalithaa for taking severe action against the anti-Kudankulam nuke plant protestors. In a clash between the protestors and the AIADMK supporters, two of the protestors were injured. The police arrested 18 protestors including seven women and remanded them in judicial custody.Security had been beefed up in the city ahead of the CM's visit to Trichy to participate in the welfare measure distribution function in Srirangam constituency and to inaugurate the day long annadanam scheme in the Srirangam Ranganathasamy temple on Thursday. Police personnel from the neighbouring districts were also deployed in addition to the Trichy police to strengthen security.However, the unexpected attempt to protest by members of the Makkal Kalai Ilakkiya Kazhagam led to a commotion. As many as 20 persons, including women from the outfit, converged near the TVS toll gate on Chennai by-pass road in Trichy with black flags a few minutes before the chief minister's convoy passed the area to reach the function venue in Srirangam. Meanwhile, a group of AIADMK supporters awaiting their leader's arrival became aware of the scene and entered into heated arguments with the protestors even though the police were trying to arrest them. The argument escalated into violence as the AIADMK supporters started pelting stones at the protestors. Two women protestors were injured in the clash and tension prevailed in the area for about 20 minutes. Eventually, the police arrested 18 persons including seven women. There were also two infants taken along with their mothers, said the police.The Cantonment police registered case against them under sections 143, 153(b), 188, 353 and 506(i) of IPC. All of them were produced in the court and remanded in the Trichy central prison. The chief minister's convoy reached the function venue late by half an hour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391644", "title": "5 traffickers remanded in judicial custody", "text": "MANGALORE: Five of the 13 human traffickers of Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees, who were remanded to police custody on Tuesday, were on Thursday remanded to judicial custody for 14 days. Mangalore city police who busted the first instance of human trafficking from Karnataka shore on Saturday had sought the custody of these accused for further interrogation.The accused who have been remanded to judicial custody are Dinesh Kumar, 27, of CR camp in Paramathiveloor taluk in Nammakal, Yakoob, 40, of Kuniyamuthur of Coimbatore, Saleem of Gramini Street Thavarassa, 46, of Okkaveelbeed, Tulkai in Sri Lanka, a former LTTE soldier, , Valajapet in Vellore district and Shahjahan, 33, of Koyyamarkad of Kanjikod post, Palakkad district. Shahjahan is an Indian national.Police have recovered Rs 5.68 lakh from the possession of these accused and are on the lookout for one more accused who is suspected to be in hiding in Kerala.The five accused whose custody police sought are the ones who played an important role in arranging local logistics for the Sri Lankan Tamilian refugees to go to Australia and police wanted to ascertain the exact role played by each of them in this affair.In a related development, Madhava Suvarna of Chitrapura, owner of Sri Raksha, the boat in which the traffickers planned to take the refugees to Australiahas obtained bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390786", "title": "Mystery shrouds job-seeker's death", "text": "KOLKATA: A commerce graduate from St Xavier's College who told his brother over the phone that he would reach home in 15 minutes was found dead in a canal off EM Bypass.Arijit Ghosh, the deceased, had left his Palm Avenue Road residence around 10.30am on Monday to appear for an interview. When he did not reach home till 11 at night, his mother Sushmita Ghosh and brother Arkajit had called him on his cellphone. Arijit told his brother that he would reach home in another 15 minutes the last time he spoke to him. However, Arijit's phone became unreachable minutes later and subsequently it was found switched off. A missing diary was lodged after Arijit did not return the next day.\"When I called my brother around 11pm, he said a friend of his had dropped him near the Park Circus Bridge number 4. He said he would take a cab from there and reach home in 15 minutes. When he failed to turn up, I called him again but found his number unreachable and later switched off,\" said Arkojit, a Class XII student.The family maintained that Arijit was not the kind to commit suicide. After completing schooling from Calcutta Boys' School with 92% marks, Arijit took admission in the morning session of St Xavier's College. He had completed his graduation only last year. He used to work in a call centre to support his mother, a private school teacher who runs the family since her husband Prabir took voluntary retirement 12 years ago. It is learnt that 24-year-old Arijit, who used to switch jobs frequently, was jobless for the last two months.\"He would often stay at his friend's place overnight. So we were hopeful that he would come back on Tuesday morning. But when he did not return, we filed a missing diary on Tuesday,\" said Sushmita. The family alleged they were harassed by the cops when they went to file the diary. They first went to Karaya police station, but they were sent to Park Street police station from there. They finally managed to register the missing diary at Shakespeare Sarani police station.Though from a middle-class family, Arijit lived a fast life, sources said. He had friends from affluent families with whom he partied frequently. In fact, police believe Arijit had attended a party at a place in Vivekananda Park in south Kolkata on Monday night. He returned from there in a friend's car, which dropped Arijit at a Kankurgachhi locality.There is a possibility that Arjit had become a drug addict after taking up the call-centre job, cops said. However, the family denied of having any such knowledge, but they did not dismiss the possibility. \"My nephew's friend circle had many who are from affluent backgrounds. We tried to discourage him from the life he was getting into. But it is very difficult to deal with youngsters. My nephew was not the type to commit suicide. His death is a mystery to us,\" said Arijit's uncle.The family identified the decomposed body on Wednesday evening. His wrist watch and mobile phone were found in his pocket. Autopsy report suggests that Arijit had died about 36 hours before his body was found. Alcohol-like substance was found in his stomach.Prima facie there appears to be no foul play, but his friends are being interrogated, cops said. There are many questions that are to be answered to crack the mysterious death: Why did Arijit go all the way to Kankurgachhi when his house was en-route Kankugrachhi from Vivekananda Park? If he had gone to Kankurgachhi, why was his body found in the canal that is more than 15 km away from there? If it's a case of suicide, what led him to do so?\"\"We are trying to piece together all the missing links in the case,\" said PK Ghosh, joint CP (crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389853", "title": "Congress levels corruption charges against Gujarat University vice-chancellor", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Congress leaders continued their tirade against the newly-appointed GU vice-chancellor Adesh Pal. On Thursday, GU syndicate member from the Congress Narhari Amin said that they will approach the governor demanding an inquiry by a retired justice of the Gujarat high court into Pal's corrupt practices.The inquiry will look into the irregularities in organizing the three international conferences during his tenure with the Hemchandracharya North Gujarat University (HNGU). Amin said that Pal had organized the conference on different themes of Diaspora in 2008, 2009 and 2011.\"Pal is alleged to have indulged in large-scale corruption. For instance, while the Saffrony Hotel in Mehsana where the conference was organized has 30 rooms and 20 cottages, over 50 rooms were shown to be occupied in the expense details submitted,\" said Amin.He said that the accounts submitted by Pal also did not include the information on the discount packages offered by the hotel. \"A committee was constituted to look into the financial irregularities in organizing the conference,\" said Amin.Amin also alleged that in 2008, Pal had taken liquor permit for foreign guests. \"While there were only six foreign delegates, six bottles of whiskey, 10 bottles of scotch and 30 bottles of beer were bought for Rs 19,232,\" he claimed.GU registrar and media spokesperson Arvind Bhandari refused to comment on the allegations of corruption leveled against Pal saying that these charges pertain to his tenure in HNGU. He also clarified that he is spokesperson of GU and not its VC.Meanwhile, Himakshi Rao, registrar of HNGU said that the committee appointed to investigate into irregularities has submitted its report. \"The final decision on this issue will be taken by the syndicate,\" Rao said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390107", "title": "Worried government moves to block anti-Islam film", "text": "NEW DELHI: Apprehending disturbances over a controversial anti-Islam movie that sparked massive anti-US protests in Libya, Egypt and Yemen , the government on Thursday asked Google to block 11 URLs of the popular video site YouTube containing objectionable excerpts from the film. The US-based Google, which owns YouTube, is likely to ban these URLs soon.\"A request to Google was made acting on the request of the Jammu &amp; Kashmir government which forwarded a court order for getting those web pages removed as soon as possible,\" said a home ministry official. He said the request had been sent by the department of telecommunication through the director general of Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-In) for immediate action.As reports came in of Afghanistan and Pakistan also blocking access to these sites, Google in a statement said, \"We work hard to create a community everyone can enjoy and which also enables people to express different opinions. This can be a challenge because what's OK in one country can be offensive elsewhere. This video \u2014 which is widely available on the Web \u2014 is clearly within our guidelines and so will stay on YouTube. However, given the very difficult situation in Libya and Egypt we have temporarily restricted access in both countries.\"Government has already beefed up security at the US embassy and four of its consulates \u2014 Mumbai, Kolkata, Chennai and Hyderabad. The five US diplomatic missions are being provided round-the-clock security.Times ViewInternet search engines and social media platforms need to exhibit a greater awareness of varying cultural sensibilities given the fact that their reach extends to the whole world. Sticking to the letter of the law may be a tenable legal position, but they must take into account the consequences of doing so. Where waiting for the legal process to unfold or for governments to ask them to take something off the net can mean several lives getting lost or communities and nations getting pitted against each other, they must show more common sense and act before they are asked to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391633", "title": "Anti Naxal Force scours forest for injured Naxalite", "text": "MANGALORE: Four teams of Anti Naxal Force (ANF) on Thursday conducted search operations in Cheru and Gopalapura areas of Dakshina Kannada bordering Hassan, after receiving inputs that an injured Naxal may be holed up in that area.ANF IGP Alok Kumar told TOI that the teams scoured about four kilometres of the forest. \"We received information that the injured Naxalite was being treated by a local homeopath or a practitioner in that area,\" he said.About a week ago, ANF had gunned down a suspected Naxalite in a brief exchange of fire at Kakkunje reserve forest area under Kadaba PS limits. As they had found two guns, ANF suspected that one more Naxal may have been injured in the exchange of fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390594", "title": "Land acquisition bill refines meaning of \u2018public interest\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Its fate uncertain after drawing the ire of several Cabinet ministers for being a growth inhibitor, the landmark bill on land acquisition and rehabilitation represents the first serious attempt to make social and environmental cost appraisal intrinsic to development.Current laws stipulate forest and environmental clearances for all sorts of projects, but the land acquisition and rehabilitation bill makes estimation of a tipping point \u2014 where costs can exceed benefits \u2014 central to planning in a way that has not been attempted before.At the heart of the proposed law is the principle of ensuring development does not come at the cost of severe and irreparable social and environmental damage.The bill's social impact assessment mechanism gives voice to the views of a tribe of economists who argue the growth debate is skewed. A growth rate of 9% is deceptive if it does not account for the economic costs of social and environmental disruption. Evaluating \"threshold\" values is deciding how much land can be acquired so that the stress on natural resources needed to sustain the project can avoid disasters that have led to court intervention as in the recent ban on groundwater extraction in Gurgaon.The amended bill referred to a GoM after a stormy Cabinet meeting proposes to define the evaluation process closely. It says an expert group will examine \"as to whether proposed acquisition serves public interest\" instead of the earlier remit of \"nature of public interest\". A project can be rejected if it does not serve \"any public purpose\" \u2014 a change from the \"stated public purpose\". And experts will consider if \"the costs and advantages of the project outweigh the potential benefits\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388849", "title": "Citizens' Charter in NIT by 2012 end: Darade", "text": "NAGPUR: The Aam Admi may soon be able to hold the Nagpur Improvement Trust to a time frame for service delivery and seek redressal against delays. The NIT has initiated the process to evolve a citizen's charter for every department.On the backdrop of NIT garden superintendent Sudhir Dudhe landing in the Anti Corruption Bureau net for accepting a bribe of Rs 2.50 lakh, NIT chairman Praveen Darade said that the proposal to prepare Citizens' Charter is in the final stages. NIT is discussing about citizens'/clients' charters to fix the services and the time in which they should be delivered.Services rendered by the NIT, such as service charges documents and other clearances, could all become time-bound now. The charter will be in force most probably by December end. As part of disciplinary action NIT chairman has suspended Dudhe.Darade also pointed out that he has given directives to all department heads not to keep incomplete files. \"Either reject them or ask the applicants to complete the formalities,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16391713", "title": "Enough drinking water for Mysore and Bangalore: experts", "text": "MYSORE: Here is some good news for people of Mysore, Bangalore and other towns and villages depending on KRS and Kabini dams for drinking water. Despite scanty rain and Tamil Nadu's demand for water, people have enough water to drink and authorities seem to have taken care of their requirements, say experts.An engineer in the water resource department said there was no need for people of this region to worry as far as drinking water supply is concerned. \"The problem arises only when it comes to supplying water to fields,\" he said, adding that at present the storage is not only sufficient for drinking water but can even help farmers grow a single semi-dry crop.But problems will arise when farmers need water to grow paddy, sugarcane and other water-intensive crops ,the engineer noted, adding that crisis should be resolved only by evolving a water-sharing formula during drought. In addition to Bangalore and Mysore, more than 20 towns and about 400 villages located downstream these two rivers are dependent on Cauvery and Kabini rivers for their drinking water needs. Approximately 1 crore people consume water from these two rivers and this number may top 1.25 crore in the near future if all the ongoing projects to supply more water to Bangalore, Mysore and other towns from these two rivers are completed.According to sources, Bangalore gets about 300 cusecs of water while Mysore receives 50 cusecs daily. Bangalore receives 2.58 tmcft of water annually and Mysore gets 0.15 tmcft of water from these two rivers.On completion of the ongoing Kabini drinking water project, the combined supply of water from Kabini and Cauvery for Mysore city will rise to 2.5 tmcft of water annually. Apart from these two big cities, Pandavapura (0.04 tmcft), Hunsur (0.027 tmcft), Malavalli, (0.02 tmcft), T Narasipur (0.02 tmcft) and Nanjangud (0.05 tmcft). This quantum of water excludes the water demand of institutions and industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16390078", "title": "Rain paralyzes life in Siang Valley", "text": "ITANAGAR: Incessant rain has paralyzed life in Siang belt, especially Ruksin, Nari-Koyu, Pasighat and Mebo areas in East Siang and parts of Upper Siang districts of the state, besides Jonai and Dhemaji areas in Assam.Heavy showers has waterlogged several places and snapped communication along MMJ road linking Ruksin and Mirem areas, sources said here on Thursday.Waterlogging in Pasighat and Ruksin township caused problems for pedestrians. The overflowing water of rivers and steams inundated the link roads, paddy fields and human habitation areas. Surging water of the hilly streams also damaged the road between Niglok and Mirem villages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16388998", "title": "Gurgaon rapid Metro ready for trials", "text": "GURGAON: In a move that promises better connectivity in the city soon, the first train set of the Rapid Metro Rail that had arrived in the city on Tuesday from China was placed on the tracks on Thursday. The trial runs are all set to begin in a fortnight. The authorities claimed that the operations would begin in March as scheduled. However the Shankar Chowk station, one among the six on the network, would be initially closed as the work is lagging behind here.The good news is that the Delhi Metro commuters will not have to purchase a separate token to travel by the Rapid Metro. They can use the same token or smart card to do so and the fare, even though yet to be finalized, is likely to be a flat rate for all the six stations.\"The first train has already arrived and the remaining four will arrive by mid-December. We will begin the trial runs on October 2 and for that we have already started integrating all the components and laying of tracks. We are sure that we will commence our commercial operations as scheduled in March next year, but the only station that will not become operational immediately will be the one at Shankar Chowk, just next to the national highway, as we got that land only a few months ago,\" said Sanjiv Rai, managing director, Rapid Metro Rail Gurgaon.He added, \"the existing Metro users will not face any sort of problem as we along with DMRC have put in place a clearing house system whereby the revenue of the networks will get segregated automatically. The commuters do not have to purchase a separate ticket to use our network.\"The authorities claim that the network will be used by at least one lakh commuters in the first year itself. The construction of the second phase of the project will be begin in March, in which the network will be extended towards Sectors 55-56 and Udyog Vihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390389", "title": "Unidentified woman commits suicide with six-months-old son", "text": "VARANASI: An unidentified woman, aged around 27, committed suicide with her six-month-old son by jumping in front of a moving train near Ashapur railway crossing in Sarnath on Thursday morning.Local residents a woman clad in a yellow sari moving near the railway track in Ashapur. She was carrying her son. When the Swatantrata Senani Express passed through the railway crossing she jumped before it.They died on the spot. A tattoo was found on the body of the woman. Police were trying to ascertain the identity of woman after sending the body for post-mortem examination.In Veerbhanpur area, an unidentified middle-aged man was found lying dead near the road. It is suspected that he was riding his bicycle when a speeding vehicle hit him. The body was sent for postmortem examination.Oxen recovered: During vehicle checking drive in Bhikharipur area on Wednesday night, the Mirzamurad police caught a truck laden with oxen. Ansar Ali, Sharif (natives of Sultanpur district), Mahendra Sonkar of Bareilly and driver Furkan of Muzaffarpur district were arrested recovered 22 oxen. The smugglers were taking the animals from Kaushambi district to West Bengal for slaughtering.Six nabbed: The Badagaon police nabbed four women and two youth indulging in obscene activities near a hotel on Babatpur airport road on Thursday morning. SP (rural) Amarendra Pratap said that the police had launched a night-long drive on hotels along the highways.Looters held: The teams of special operation group, Cantonment and Sarnath police on Wednesday night succeeded in nabbing two persons involved in looting Rs 7.5 lakh from trader Radheyshyam Agrawal, when he was going to Chandawak in his car on July 27.Acting on a tip off, the cops nabbed Laxminarain Pandey of Prahladghat and Shyam Agrahari of Hanuman Phatak and recovered two country-made revolvers, cartridges and Rs 2.02 lakh in cash from their possession.During interrogation, the two confessed that they had looted cash from Agrawal in Rajnahia area with another accomplice Rajendra Chadhary of Bhadau area. The SSP had earlier announced cash reward of Rs 5000 on each of the arrested miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16389035", "title": "Youth drowns near Kajligarh", "text": "INDORE: A railway employees, who went to Kajaligarh fort on Wednesday night on picnic, drowned in a stream near Kajligarh fort in Indore district.The deceased was identified as Mahendra Rao, 26, son of Mohan Rao and a resident of Biyabani, Malganj area. The body was fished out in wee hours of Thursday. According to police, two friends , including Mahendra Rao and Arjun Solanki went to Kajaligarh fort on Khandwa Road. After going around the fort for few hours, they decided to take rest near a water fall. Mahendra lost control and fell down. Shocked Arjun ran away from the spot and told the police about it.Arjun, the resident of Bhagirathpura reported the issue late night as he was reportedly in a state of shock and was unable to decide what to do next.After three to four hours, cops managed to fish out the body of Mahendra at around 6 am and sent to district hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389315", "title": "TVs to go blank for 2 minutes for three days", "text": "NEW DELHI: Your TV set will go blank for two minutes on Friday, Saturday and Sunday. In a strategy to persuade viewers to shift to digital systems, all broadcasters will switch off transmission simultaneously at 7:58 pm, 8:58 pm and 9:58 pm for the next three days.All channels will stop programming to show a 30-second advertisement in Hindi and English informing viewers to change to digital set top boxes before October 31. The advertisement ends with the warning \"Go digital or go blank\" in English and \"Set top box lagaye ya TV bhool jaye\" in Hindi.The blackout has been planned for the four metros: Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai, where the first phase of digitization is expected to kick in from November 1. The move to phase out analogue addressable systems and shift to digital has been mooted by the information and broadcasting ministry. The deadline for shifting to digital was June 30 but it could not be met due to a several reasons, including a lack of set top boxes and other procedural problems.The number of TV households in India is estimated to be around 147 million. The cable industry has grown from 0.4 million cable homes in January 1992 to an estimated 94 million cable TV homes in 2011 with more than 800 registered channels. Of these around 160 are pay channels. There are a large number of channels which are transmitted as free channels. The rollout for digitization has been slow but industry experts say this is likely to pick up pace. In the four metros about 50,000 set top boxes are being seeded every week with Mumbai showing maximum progress. There are about 10-12 million TV homes in the four metros of which over 50% have been digitized so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389364", "title": "Take note of lapses by IOs: Bombay high court to IGP", "text": "PANAJI: In a case involving lethargic investigation by several police officers in an alleged misappropriation of Rs 18 lakh, from a loan given to a school in Pernem for infrastructure development, the high court of Bombay at Goa has suggested that the police department take serious note of lapses committed by investigating officers in all other cases also.In a petition filed by Kashinath Shetye seeking proper investigation against the accused involved in the misappropriation of government funds case in pertaining to Durga English High school at Parsem in Pernem taluka, a division bench comprising Justice A P Lavande and Justice U V Bakre observed thus: \"We are constrained to make this observation in as much as in a number of matters before us it has come to our notice that the investigation is not being carried out diligently but on the contrary the same is being carried out in a superficial manner.\"Regarding the misappropriation case, the court held that the officers chose not to arrest the accused for a period of more than two-and-a-half years, even though the prosecution had sufficient material against the trio.\"The panchanama of the scene of offence has been conducted on March 26, 2012, though an FIR was registered on July 24, 2009. Therefore, it is evident that PSI Ajit Umarye, who was the investigating officer for a period of almost 14 months, did not bother to carry out any real investigation and, yet, the higher officers are of the opinion that he has not committed any dereliction of the duty. The senior officers from the police department are expected to supervise the investigation in a crime in order to ensure that the investigation is proceeding on the right lines,\" the court observed.Commenting on the action taken by the police department against the officers, the court noted that out of five investigating officers, who were investigating the case from July 24, 2009 ,till date, departmental action has been taken against PSI Sachin Narvekar since he had not carried out any investigation during the period from September 9, 2010 to July 30, 2011. A minor penalty of censure has been imposed on Narvekar and, action has also been taken against PI Uttam Y Raut Dessai.The court also directed that a copy of its judgment be sent to the inspector general of police (IGP), so that he takes appropriate action as he deems fit and proper not only in relation to the crime in question but also other serious crimes which are under investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16390476", "title": "Jayalalithaa flays Opposition leaders", "text": "TRICHY: Jayalalithaa launched a veiled, yet blistering attack against DMDK leader Vijayakanth, calling him a thankless person, here on Thursday. She was also highly critical of DMK leader Karunanidhi who, according to her, mortgaged his self-respect for self-interest and hence could not take a politically firm stand on the Sri Lankan Tamils.Addressing people at a government function organized in Srirangam to distribute welfare schemes, she narrated a parable in which she made the oblique references to the two leaders. The audience understood that she was referring to Karuppu MGR, and they applauded. On Karunanidhi, she said not only was his complexion black, but his heart was too, with biting sarcasm. As in the parable, there were some people in our midst who turned hostile after enjoying all the benefits, she said, replying to the DMDK's oft-repeated charge that Jayalalithaa would not have come to power the third time, but for Vijayakanth's political mobilization.She alleged that people like Karunanidhi mortgaged Tamil interests in Sri Lanka in order to share power in New Delhi, and that such people should always be kept out of power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394471", "title": "Bhojpuri star Nirahua approached for Bigg Boss- 6", "text": "The countdown for Color's TV's Bigg Boss season 6 has begun. As the show gears up for yet another season with an interesting twist of a commoner brought in, Bigg Boss has certainly created inquisitiveness towards the show.While the news of international star Kim Kardashian and wrestler Sangram Singh being approached for the show is doing the rounds we now hear that Bhojpuri Super Star Dinesh Lal Yadav has also been approached to be a part of the show.Dinesh Lal Yadav, who is a popular name in Bhojpuri cinema, has many hit films and songs to his credits. It seems that the makers of the movie do perceive the star power brought by addition of Dinesh to the show and are planning to cash on his popularity in India. Following the trend of having a Bhojpuri star on their show like Ravi Kishan, Manoj Tiwari previously, this season may see Nirahua entertaining viewers with his desi tadka.The show is expected to hit the small screen in the first week of October 2012 and will be hosted by Bollywood heartthrob Salman Khan .We tried contacting Nirahua aka Dinesh Lal Yadav but he remained unavailable for comment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389826", "title": "Corporation property worth Rs 1.5crore was used as cattle shed", "text": "COIMBATORE: Corporation officials reclaimed a reserve site of the civic body near Olympus in Ramanathapuram in the city on Thursday. The reserve site, which is about 10 cents, was being used as a cattle shed. Temporary structures to house the cattle were also demolished during the drive. The market rate of the site is expected to be around Rs 1.5 crore at the rate of Rs 15 lakh for a cent, claimed corporation officials.\"The encroachment was brought to the notice of corporation officials during the mass cleaning drive on Thursday morning. A detailed inspection was conducted later and the site reclaimed using our workers,\" said a senior corporation official.Corporation officials also erected a sign board announcing that the land belonged to the civic body and encroachers would be punished. The land, according to officials, was encroached over a long time and was used to tie cattle by some individuals in the locality. The officials also let loose about eight cattle that were tied at the compound, when they went for inspection.The corporation is now compiling a list of reserve sites available in the old corporation limits and also with the local bodies that have now become part of the expanded corporation. Officials will inspect the identified sites and any encroachment will be removed and the land reclaimed in the coming days.The corporation is presently conducting a mass cleaning drive in its limits. Each ward is selected and workers are deployed under the supervision of mayor S M Velusamy and corporation commissioner T K Ponnusamy to carry out cleaning and sanitation work. The corporation employees and officials are also using the opportunity to identify whether any of the land owned by the civic body has been encroached during this drive.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391059", "title": "Rajesh Gundu Rao dies of brain haemorrhage", "text": "BANGALORE: \"There's still enough time for me to make a contribution through meaningful cinema.'' That's what Rajesh Gundu Rao told mediapersons after staging a comeback to the Kannada film industry after two decades. Less than a month later, Rajesh, 41, and son of former chief minister R Gundu Rao died at Manipal Hospital on Thursday.Rajesh was admitted to the hospital on August 27 after a brain haemorrrhage and had slipped into a coma from which he didn't recover. After acting in two Kannada films, 'Hoovu Hannu' and 'Samara', under the screen name Ajay, he made a comeback as producer of a Kannada-English film 'Bangalore Calling', which tracks a group of youths who come to Bangalore from a village and get addicted to city life.Rajesh resigned from the JD(S) early this year after Madhu Bangarappa was made the party's state youth president. Rajesh is survived by his wife, a 9-year-old daughter, mother and two brothers, including Congress MLA Dinesh Gundu Rao.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "16390105", "title": "Music replaces sounds of bullets, bombs in Nagaland", "text": "KOHIMA: Nagaland, with its lush green valley, amazing fabrics and a history relating to the Second World War, has successfully wiped out its image as a \"hotbed\" of insurgents and become a new destination for tourism in recent years.The hills, which once echoed the sound of bullets and bombs, now rocks to the sound of different genres of music. Be it folk, western or Hindi, Naga youths take music very seriously here. Inclined towards the land's own tribal music and western hard rock, Nagaland has produced over a hundred music bands in the last decade. Many bands from this part of India have also won national and international glories, forcing the Nagaland government to announce music as its next venture of tourism and revenue.Nagaland chief minister Neiphiu Rio recently vowed to declare music an 'industry' here. However, many musicians said before declaring music an 'industry' here, the government must act on building infrastructure and platforms for musicians to encourage young talent.\"I was a part of a band in Chennai. But our group split up and I had to return back to Kohima. I wanted to take up music as a profession, but was disappointed. Even after running from pillar to post, I saw no career in music. A cafe, where live music was performed, opened here, but even that was closed down by some people. How can someone take music seriously in such conditions? I know very good bands who gave up music because they had no money to buy strings for their guitars,\" lamented Theja Meru, a veteran musician and an event manager.Theju, who is a part of Nagaland's biggest tourism and music festival 'Hornbill Festival', said though the state youth resources and sports department had formed a 'Music Task Force' (MTF) to encourage Naga musicians to take up music as a profession, there is still a lot more to be done.\"MTF is a good effort taken by the state government. But MTF should concentrate on bringing out talents from far-flung areas. Music can bring a lot of revenue to the state government. The MTF and tourism department can join hands to promote music as it can be a huge source of earning. If the tourism department develops the hospitality industry here, musicians will at least get a platform as they can perform in hotels to showcase their talents,\" the musician said.Realizing the importance of music in Nagaland, the Nagaland Board of School Education introduced music as a subject in the high school and higher secondary curriculum.A female band, Tetseo Sisters pressed for a synchronized effort by locals and the government to take music to new heights here. \"Music is in our blood. Nagaland has the potential to become the music capital of the country. But we have no platform other than the Hornbill Festival to showcase our talent,\" said Lulu Tetseo, a singer of the group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji/margao", "code": "16389732", "title": "FDA seizes consignment of sweets at Margao railway station", "text": "PANAJI/MARGAO: Food and drugs administration (FDA) officials on Thursday morning seized a consignment of sweets worth Rs 65,000 at the Margao railway station.The consignment had come to Goa before the Ganesh Chaturthi festival and was detained by food safety officers Rajiv Korde, Priya Sirsat and Sharadha following a tip-off.The consignment - which consisted of 18 bags of kalakand and khoa -- was neither labelled properly nor was it stored in the appropriate manner, said FDA director Salim Veljee.Kalakand is used to prepare sweets for Ganesh festivities and it is suspected it was brought for sale before the festival. It has to be stored under refrigerated conditions, which was not done, said Veljee.Veljee said the consignment had been sent from Miraj in favour of Gurudas Naik from Margao. Naik did not come forward to claim the consignment and no address has been mentioned. Neither sender nor receiver can be traced. The booking agent does not have the consignment sender's address either and Veljee said this was in contravention of a railway directive on booking consignments without proper addresses. Veljee said the sweets will be destroyed as per procedure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16393886", "title": "Pranab Mukherjee to be felicitated on Friday by Mamata Banerjee", "text": "KOLKATA: President Pranab Mukherjee who will be in Kolkata on Friday afternoon, is going to be felicitated by Bengal government at Netaji Indoor Stadium. This is the first visit of President Mukherjee to his home town Kolkata after he took charge as President in July. Bengal CM Mamata Banerjee had conceived this idea of felicitating the President. In the civic reception Governor M K Narayanan and Kolkata Municipal Corporation's mayor Shovan Chatterjee will also be present at the civic reception at Netaji Indoor stadium.In a rare turn of event, Mamata Banerjee who had initially opposed Mukherjee's candidature as President is going to felicitate the President as the son of the soil. Politicians see that Mamata is trying to improve relationship with the President and for that she has decided to felicitate Mukherjee, as both were known to be at logger heads in Bengal politics. Moreover, repeated appeals by the Bengal CM to Mukherjee who was earlier Union finance minister for providing Bengal with special financial package did not get any response. This further irritated Mamata and she had even threatened to withdraw from UPA II.However, politicians said that there is no permanent equation in politics and for that Mamata who had proposed the name of APJ Abdul Kalam as the President is now making ready for the grand felicitation which will be a major political success for Mamata. This will help to remove tension with Mukherjee, who describes Mamata as his sister.Moreover experts said that it is Mamata's master stroke that forced Sonia Gandhi to nominate Mukherjee as the Presidential candidate. As Mamata had tried to oppose Mukherjee and had tried to find a friend in Samajwadi Party , but it turned out to be a folly. Again SP is trying for a reconciliation with Mamata and for that this week Akhilesh Yadav , UP, CM came to meet Mamata, as he was in Kolkata to attend a SP meeting.Mukherjee who is a resident of South Kolkata is expected to visit his home on Sunday.Political experts said that Mamata's opposition against Mukherjee had perhaps made it obvious for Sonia Gandhi to nominate Mukherjee the presidential candidate for Congress. Experts said that otherwise Sonia could have appointed Hamid Ansari as the presidential candidate. Perhaps Mamata thus has been able to create a leadership crisis in Bengal Congress, as she had been rightly successful in elevating Mukherjee to the post of President. Because the present Pradesh Congress chief Pradip Bhattacharya is often being questioned by other Congress leaders who are aspirant to be Pradesh Congress chief.Last week, All India Legal Aid Forum felicitated Mukherjee at the Rashprati Bhavan. All India Legal Aid Forum's secretary Joydeep Mukherjee along with two functionaries Justice G C De and Justice Arunabha Barua went to the Rashtrapti Bhavan to felicitate Mukherjee. Joydeep Mukherjee handed over a special award in the name of Swami Vivekananda to the President for his life time public service. They also presented a picture of Swamiji to President Mukherjee.So, now it is time to see how the Mukheree reacts while receiving felicitation from the hands of Mamata Banerjee, as it will add a new dimension in Bengal politics. Thus Mukherjee will become more acceptable as a President above all political lines.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393954", "title": "Life is Beautiful Telugu movie review highlights", "text": "After a brief hiatus, Sekhar Kammula is back with Life is Beautiful, which celebrates the lives, emotions and the coming of age of six youngsters in a middle-class neighbourhood. Let's find out how successful Sekhar is in showcasing these sentiments in the Life is Beautiful Telugu movie review highlights.Life is Beautiful movie review highlightsAll the characters are introduced to the audiences in a typical Sekhar Kammula styleAmala makes a pleasing entry (with Rashmi and Abhijeet) in an introduction scene in a train and Shriya Saran looks beautiful in the middle-class neighbourhood scenes.The colony set erected by 'Padmasri' Thota Tharani is impressiveAnjala Zaveri as Maya, makes a dazzling entry and is seen doing a dance in the rainThe simple yet effective dialogues are impressive. The costumes too stay true to character and reflect the Telugu culture.The romantic track between Paddu and Abhijith is well shotNagaraj's dialogues in Telangana slang and characterization is praiseworthyAlthough Amala's character has a lot of emotional scope, her role is very brief.The film is filled with multiple emotions just like in Happy Days, but the narrative is much more slow in this flick.Watch out for the comic scenes between Abhi and Paru (Shreya) and Shriya Saran's surprise lip lock with Abhi.While Vijay's cinematography brings out the flavours and colours in this family entertainer, Mickey J Meyer's music and background score adds to the mood.The director was successful in extracting good performances from the youngsters.Sekhar is undoubtedly an expert when it comes to portraying the most delicate emotions in a classy manner. He succeeds in capturing the innocence of adolescence, but the pace of the storytelling is slow, particularly towards the second half.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "16390146", "title": "Man hacked to death, four hurt in Nalanda", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Irate villagers protested in front of Rahui police station in Nalanda district for hours to demand immediate arrest of the miscreants who hacked to death an elderly person and injured four others at village Hawanpura under Rahui PS area in Nalanda district on Wednesday.Maro Devi, wife of the deceased Mahendra Yadav, who is an uncle of sarpanch Harendra Yadav, who was also attacked and received injuries with three others said that some persons of the same village entered their house and fired several shots in the air and attacked every one in the house with lathis.Mahendra Yadav died on the spot, while Harendra Yadav, Jagdish Yadav, Vijay Yadav and Anita Devi received injuries and were treated at a hospital.The agitating villagers were pacified by DSP, law and order, Mohd. Qasim, after he assured them of action against the named accused. He told TOI on Thursday that all the 10 accused have fled from the village but police were conducting raids at different places and they will be arrested soon. The reason behind the incident is said to be old political rivalry and some land dispute.Robbery: In a broad daylight robbery, robbers alleged to have looted Rs 5 lakh from employees of a private firm near a bank at Amber locality in the Biharsharif Town PS area in Nalanda district on gun point on Wednesday. While escaping, the miscreants fired several shots after the victims raised an alarm.The incident occurred when two motorcycle borne miscreants snatched the bag containing more than Rs 17 lakh from Gunjan Kumar and Chandrashekhar Prasad, employees of a private firm Maa Laxmi Syndicate, at gun point when they were going to deposit the amount in a bank in Amber locality. Scared by the alarm raised by the victims, the miscreants took only notes of high denomination from the bag and escaped on foot leaving behind their bike. They also fired in the air while escaping, alleged the employees. The police recovered the motorcycle of the miscreants from the site of incident. Biharsharif inspector Mundrika Prasad said the story of robbery does not appear to be true as it was easier for the alleged miscreants to take the bag with them than taking selective currencies from it. \"Investigation will reveal the facts,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "16389872", "title": "Gujarat beaches no longer pristine", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Coastal tourism in Gujarat is proving to be a non-starter. More than the economic downturn, the main reason for this is the gross mismanagement of numerous beaches dotting the state's huge coastline of 1,600 km.Experts who carried out a recent study of 19 major beaches along the state's coastline have taken strong exception to complete mismanagement on the part of authorities towards the development of coastal tourism. The study is featured in a book which was released recently by the Gujarat Ecology Commission (GEC).The colourful book prepared by GEC, regrets that beaches have \"lack of basic infrastructure,\" including \"no provision for drinking water, changing rooms and toilets.\" There are \"no dustbins and a workforce for maintaining cleanliness\" even at top beaches like Ahmedpur-Mandvi, while others suffer from environmental destruction.Calling Ahmedpur-Mandvi \"one of Gujarat's lesser known gems,\" the book - with an introduction by chief minister Narendra Modi - regrets that the beach has \"no food stalls and other vendors.\" It has just one guest house belonging to the state tourism department. And the beach is lately facing ecological disaster. \"There used to be thick forest cover that has shrunk as the trees were felled for fuel and livelihood activities,\" the book says.Prepared under GEC member-secretary and IFS officer A K Verma by a group of botanists and environmental planners, the book laments that litter is thrown around with \"no provision of dustbins\" and garbage dumped in the open at the two beaches off Ghogha (Kuda and Koliyak) in Bhavnagar district, at Mahua in Bhavnagar district, and at Madhavpur in Porbandar district.About beaches in south Gujarat, the book says, \"Around half the people of Norgol village in Valsad district do not have proper sanitation facilities and they use Norgol beach. At Umbergaon in Valsad district, dustbins are provided, yet the waste is dumped on the beach. At Ubhrat in Navsari district, toilets have been constructed, but need to be repaired so that people do not use the beach for relieving themselves.\"Narrating the state of beaches in Saurashtra, the book says, \"At Harshad beach in Jamnagar district, urinals directly drain into the sea. At Gopnath in Bhavnagar district, waste from Alang ship breaking yard, including thermocol, rusted iron and steel and other harmful remains from the ship are dumped near the beach. At Mithapur beach off Dwarka, Tata Salt and Chemical Works' unit has posed environmental concerns. In 2001, about a lakh mangrove trees perished due to leakage of brine water from the pipe near Poshitra.\"While religious waste and lack of cleanliness is found to be a major concern at Somnath and Dwarka, beaches at Ghogha, Gopnath, Narara, Nargol, Porbandar, Ubhrat and Umbergaon face severe erosion of beachfront due to natural reasons like direct tidal currents, or manmade ones such as sand mining and oil spills during high tide, choking mangroves growing near the shore, destroying marine life in the vicinity,\" the book adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389871", "title": "Search committee submits 3 names", "text": "COIMBATORE: The search committee for selecting the next vice-chancellor (VC) of Bharathiar University submitted the three names considered for the post to governor, K Rosaiah.P Kaniappan, the convenor of the committee, submitted the list to the governor after a meeting on Thursday. Kaniappan said, the governor would select a person from the list, however, denied to give any hints about the names suggested. Sources say the names have not been disclosed as there might be litigations against the names if they are published before the announcement. \"Among the tricks used is where one candidate will file complaints against another in the list to forward their own chances. Therefore, it has been told to keep the names secret before being announced,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16389726", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi festival to keep cops on toes", "text": "HYDERABAD: The police bandobast calendar has just got busier. With Ganesh Chaturthi next week, it's not just the 43 new pandals added to Charminar division this year, but also speeches laced with communal undertones by local leaders at rallies that has led the police to call in around 1,700 additional forces from Kurnool, Nalgonda, Medak, Nizamabad, Nellore, Kadapa and Rajahmundry to be deployed in the South Zone to maintain law and order.Around 1,269 pandals across the South Zone have been given permission with an additional 380 expected to be set up. Apart from the 43 new pandals in Charminar division, the total pandal count would rise by 10% this year. While Ganesh Chaturthi and Moharram have been on the bandobast calendar for long, the new entries include Durga Puja this year alongside the other recent entrants like Milad-un-Nabi, Ramnavami and Hanuman Jayanthi.For Ganesh Chaturthi celebrations, observers attribute the rise in pandal numbers to festivals increasingly turning into show of dominance.Shailender Kumar, a perfumer from Pathergatti, noted that the show of one-upmanship between adherents of various faiths has only grown stronger in the past couple of years. \"Ganesh Chaturthi processions are old but any show of religious strength irrespective of faith is unhealthy.\" Vikram Reddy, another trader from Shah Ali Banda, echoed Shailender's views and said that it was always the common man who takes a beating during communal flare-ups. \"Direct or indirect aggression between communities is an alarming trend. We do not need this. Hopefully one day, all this will go away.\"Lakshmi Narayana, associate professor of Sociology at University of Hyderabad said the pomp and show at these festivals are only attempts by communities to establish their dominance and can bring about disturbing reactionary values.Former city police commissioner M V Krishna Rao says Ganesh Chaturthi was added to the bandobast calendar in 1980 soon after the festival was turned into a community affair during M Channa Reddy's regime. Rao says Jumatul Vida (the last Friday of Ramzan) was the only time when people would spill on to the streets in large numbers. \"The problem lies in the fact that lumpen elements have assumed leadership of religious bodies irrespective of religion. The result of this is exhibitionism and jingoism. This scares the commoners. Further, there can be communal attacks. Religion must not affect public life.\" With the next couple of months being lined up with festivals, police officials admit that they portend trouble. \"Right after Ganesh Chaturthi, there is Dasara which has been added to the bandobast calendar only last year, followed by Bakrid which is too a crucial day to maintain peace in the city,\" said a police officer.For Ganesh Chaturthi, three ASPs, 26 DSPs, 35 inspectors, 180 sub-inspectors, 205 assistant sub-inspectors, 1150 constables, 660 home guards from outside will be deployed. Police officials said the Old City has turned into an experimental ground for anti-social elements and predicted that things here would remain communally charged until 2014.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394147", "title": "T-Minder returns with Do Rooha", "text": "T-Minder returns after the success of 'Karle Karle' alongside GV, for his brand new single, this time teaming up with the legendary Rishi Rich for the ballad 'Do Rooha'.\"Firstly a massive thanks to everyone for supporting me on my first track 'Karle Karle', now it's that time again I have teamed up with my older brother and Rishi Rich for my second release called 'Do Rooha'. It was a epic experience to even meet Rishi let alone work alongside him, definitely did learn a lot from him and hopefully will learn a lot more in the future to come. Also would like to thank my parents for the support they have given me and almighty god for shadowing me with his blessings. \"'Do Rooha' is produced by Rishi Rich, who has been working very closely with T-MINDER over the last year and has also recorded other new material including a feature track for the brand new Rishi Rich album.T-Minder is a brand new British born Punjabi Singer/Artist who is signed and being nurtured by Moviebox. T-MINDER is a very talented young singer who has been taught by none other than the great Mutlashi Ji who has taught and is still teaching some of the finest singers/artists in the Punjabi music industry today such as Sukshinder Shinda, Shin (DCS) &amp; Jaz Dhami.Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16393673", "title": "Six chain-snatching cases reported in 24 hours", "text": "MUMBAI: Six cases of chain-snatchings were reported in the city on Thursday. While two of the cases have been solved, the rest remain undetected.The first incident was reported around 1.45 am when a 23-year-old singer, Geeta Shelke, was travelling in an autorickshaw at Malad East. Three men on a bike blocked her way. They threatened Shelke and the auto driver with a knife, fleeing with two cellphones, a Pan card, cash and Shelke's documents. As soon as the men left, Shelke dialled the police emergency number '100.' The trio was caught at Marve Road and the stolen belongings were recovered from them. They were identified as Ravi Sharma, 19, Majid Shaikh, 29 and Sonu Vishwakarma, 19. In the past, Vishwakarma has been booked in a separate case of burglary, the police said.The second case was reported at Khar West outside the railway station around 6.15 am. Shubhangi Warang, 45, was walking towards the station when two bike-borne men snatched her gold chain. The bikers also pushed Warang to the ground. But the Khar police managed to nab one of them_ Aalim Shaikh, 20. His accomplice, Ajju, 22, is on the run.Around 7.40 am, two separate instances of snatching were reported at Vile Parle and Borivali. A 33-year-old nurse, Jayashree Sankhe, was waiting with two of her friends at Sant Dnyaneshwar Marg in Vile Parle. Suddenly, two men snatched her gold necklace worth Rs 1.25 lakh and fled. They couldn't be caught. At Borivali West, Shobhana Nene, 4, was walking down Baburao Paranjape Road when two bike-borne men snatched her gold chain and pendant worth Rs 1.05 lakh and escaped.The fifth case of snatching was reported at Versova around 8.15 am. Kusum Gauda, 35, was at Joseph Patelwadi when two snatchers on a bike made off with gold chain worth Rs 1.8 lakh. The last case was reported at Andheri West when 53-year-old Sunanda Nandgaokar was walking down Matad Pada. Two men snatched her gold mangalsutra worth Rs 1.25 lakh and escaped. She later lodged an FIR with the Amboli police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391319", "title": "Get set, go... Davis Cup begins today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The stage is set for the Davis Cup clash with two-third of the tickets (daily and seasonal) already sold out. An elaborate traffic plan has been chalked out to avoid any inconvenience to commuters, with designated parking spaces close to the CLTA stadium in Sector 10.Of the total 4,500 seats in the stadium, 600 are a part of the six boxes.Seats in two boxes with a total capacity of 160 seats are being sold to various corporates. One of the boxes is for the prime minister with a capacity of 40 seats and the other is for special invitees/VIPs with a capacity of 400 seats.Of the remaining 3,900 seats, 700 are meant for the police band, ground staff and CLTA trainees. It also includes the seats in the president's box and for the press. The tickets for the remaining 3,200 seats are divided into various categories which will be priced at Rs 100, 200, 500 and 1,000. Of these 3,200 seats, 1,000 have been reserved for students, tickets for which are prized at Rs 100 each. Maximum number of tickets have been sold in this category.Gate number 1 is for the entry to the block made for the PM. Gate number 2 is for president's box and the press, whereas gate number 3 is for those heading to the corporate boxes and also for people having tickets costing Rs 1,000 each.Those having student tickets can enter from gate number 4, while CLTA trainees and members of the police band would enter from gate number 5. People having tickets of Rs 500 each will gain entry from gate number 6. Special invitees/VIPs will enter from gate number 7, while players will use gate number 8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391084", "title": "Liquor sales down by 20% following police raids", "text": "PUNE: The recent police raids at popular nightspots has affected liquor sales in the city with distributors quoting a 10 to 20% drop due to event cancellations and reduced footfalls in restaurants.Sources in the industry said that the decrease at the primary level is expected to bring down the total sales calculated at the end of the month.The drop in sales is the result of permit rooms and restaurants scaling down the quantity of liquor they stock as well as event organisers preferring to opt for events where liquor is not served after tightening of the liquor rules recently.A city-based distributor said that liquor sale has dropped by 10-15% for his company, as night clubs have reduced their buying quantity ever since the raids happened. \"Events are being cancelled and automatically that leads to less consumption of liquor and lesser orders. Thus, if an event organiser or lounge bought 10 cases of liquor a week, they have now reduced it to eight cases,\" he said.Vijay Kutty, president of the Pune District Wine Traders Association, said, \"After the raids, sales have plunged by 25-30% at premium outlets and lounge bars, which in turn has brought down sales at the distributors' level.\"Another distributor that sells liquor to 'A' class outlets and lounges said, \"Event managers and restaurants are cancelling their events where liquor is usually served. This has brought down sales at our end. Ever since the raids have happened, a 25-30% drop in sales has been seen as compared to the same period last year. Lounge bars are closing early and the general public is scared to go out resulting in fewer footfalls at nightspots. All this has automatically affected sale at our end,\" he added.Another prominent distributor said the raids have led to a definite loss of 10% as events are being cancelled during the on-going festive season. \"Many events where liquor is served take place during this season, but the raids have brought down the number of such events, thus affecting sales. We have not been receiving liquor orders in full strength, with permit rooms buying six 750-ml bottles per brand now, from the usual one to two cases (one case has 12 bottles),\" he said.A high-end retailer in the city said that the drop in sales at the primary level (distributors' level) will definitely bring down the total sales registered at the end of the month, thereby bringing down excise collections. \"For instance, a party of about 550 people was recently cancelled. The liquor that was to be served there remained unused. Similar cases have happened everywhere and people are desisting from going to restaurants and bars, resulting in less consumption,\" he said.Raju Pardeshi, former president of the Pune District Wine Merchant Association, said that sales at the retailers' end have also been affected after the raids. \"The authorities are visiting wine shops during night time to check if people have liquor permits. Recent raids have brought the business down by 20%,\" said Pardeshi, who also caters to party orders.The regional head of a prominent liquor manufacturing company said that the premium segment of liquor will witness a drop of about 20% if the current scenario continues. \"The premium segment which has hitherto not seen 'degrowth' will see it soon if this continues. This is the party season, which usually sees the sales of premium segment liquor shooting up. With cancellation of parties and lounges closing down early, sales will plunge,\" he said.Another distributor said, \"People aged between 30-40 years do not go to parties. They often want to go out to a fine dining restaurant and unwind. With the recent police action, it is this segment that has been affected most. And, this is not the kind of clientele that drinks at home. Sale of liquor has thus come down by about 15-20%, depending upon brand to brand as well as area to area. The month-end liquor sales recorded by the excise department are thus expected to register a drop, leading to a loss of revenue to the government,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388373", "title": "Abhijeet Power's fund raising plans stop at coalgate", "text": "NAGPUR: Whatever the outcome of the coalgate controversy, it may disturb Abhijeet Group's fund raising plans for its power ventures. Even worse, the controversy could further delay the company's initial public offer (IPO), now pending with the SEBI for approval since over a year.The group's power projects, which include those in Mihan-SEZ, Jharkhand and Bihar , are being implemented under the aegis of a group company - Abhijeet Power.With the CBI raids on the group, bankers are reported to be getting jittery over releasing instalments of loans previously approved for this company. Abhijeet Group chairman Manoj Jayaswal is learnt to have been holding parleys with bankers to explain their version of events.Abhijeet Group plans to raise Rs 1,250 crore through the IPO, but the controversy will lead to the market regulator coming up with more queries. The company was close to getting an approval in September, but it may now take a couple of months more, said a source closely related to the Abhijeet Group.The scandal will also hit investor interest in the IPO, even as the overall economic sentiment is already damp. This may ultimately hit the Abhijeet Group's plans to use the IPO to contribute equity against loans granted by various banks.The power projects have been funded at a debt to equity ratio of 80:20. The power ventures have a total sanctioned loan of Rs 11,500 crore, out of which close to Rs 6900 crore have been disbursed. The rest will be released on achieving infrastructure milestones, and as and when proportionate equity is raised.The group in its entirety, which includes businesses other than power, has approved loans to the tune of Rs 22,000 crore, out of which half have been drawn.For power projects, the company needs close to Rs 3,250 crore as equity, out of which Rs 1,750 odd crore have already been brought in by the promoters while Rs 1,250 crore was the target through the IPO. The rest will be contributed through internal accruals as well as Rs 115 crore from M/s Asera Banka Power Project Limited (ABPPL), a company held by Congress MP Vijay Darda's son Devendra and brother Rajendra.So, if the IPO fails, raising a huge chunk of equity will become difficult. The promoters can use other means, like issuing preference share or raising funds through private equity , instead of the IPO. However, if the IPO fails, getting funds from other sources too will become difficult. The easiest method would be the promoters bringing in their own money. However, there's a question whether the Jayaswals have the resources to come up with Rs 1,250 crore on their own, said a source.The Abhijeet Group has a complex corporate structure. Abhijeet Power is a holding company for three companies implementing independent power projects. The promoter of Abhijeet Group is Abhijeet Mining, with finally Manoj Jayaswal and other family members being at the helm in each of the entities.Sources said that during an income tax raid on the Abhijeet Group, the sleuths came across several fishy accounting entries, which show capital coming in from different sources. Such steps are used to fudge the capital base of the company, by merely creating entries without funds actually being received.Padding the books can help get higher loans. Increased valuation due to coal blocks also helps many companies bag a better deal from lending institutions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16388363", "title": "Fed up with dirty food, students leave ashram shala hostel", "text": "GONDIA: Fed up with dirty food served at the Gurukrupa Tribal Ashram School, Thana in Amgaon tehsil, around 50 students decided to leave the school and go home at the cost their career on Tuesday. But after lot of persuasion and assurance of good food by the management, they were brought back to the school.Following complaints of plastic pieces in the midday meal in the Anganwadis of Morgaon Tehsil, the students of the school told reporters that there was not a single facility in the Gurukrupa Tribal Ashram School, but simply because they were poor, they had no alternative but to live here if they had to make their career.But of late even the food served was so dirty that one could not even bear sight of it, said the students.The meal contained pieces of glass and worms in the rice. So on Tuesday night, the inmates skipped dinner and decided to leave the hostel in the morning. On Wednesday at about 9am, they had left for their homes.Hostel superintendent RN Chute reported the matter to head master Maharwarde, who caught these students on their way home and prevailed upon them the importance of education and on behalf of the school management assured them that they would be given facilities for which they were entitled and also good and fresh food. He convinced the students to return to the school.There are about 50 students in the tribal Ashram school and it is run by Dr Funde of village Satgaon in Amgaon tehsil. When contacted, tribal development officer of Deori HM Madame said that immediately on receipt of information, he sent a team of officers under additional project officer SA Kanekar to inquire into the matter. Kanekar said, \"when we reached the school at about 12 o'clock the students were taking lunch. We heard their grievances and issued a show-cause notice to the management\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16394125", "title": "Genes which determine human facial expressions identified", "text": "WASHINGTON: Scientists have identified five genes that determine the human facial expressions.Researchers used magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) scans and portrait photographs to map facial features.They argued that monozygotic twins have almost identical faces and siblings usually have more similar faces than unrelated people, implying that genes play a major role in the appearance of the human face.However, almost nothing is known about the genes responsible for facial morphology in humans.The study used head magnetic resonance images together with portrait photographs to map facial landmarks, from which facial distances were estimated.Researchers then applied a genome-wide association (GWA) approach, with independent replication, to finding DNA variants involved in facial shapes in almost 10,000 individuals.Three of the five genes identified have been implicated previously by other approaches in vertebrate craniofacial development and disease; of these three, one was reported to be involved in facial morphology in a GWA study on children published earlier this year.The remaining two genes potentially represent completely new players in the molecular networks governing facial development.\"These are exciting first results that mark the beginning of the genetic understanding of human facial morphology,\" said Professor Manfred Kayser from the Erasmus University Medical Center, Rotterdam , The Netherlands.\"Perhaps some time it will be possible to draw a phantom portrait of a person solely from his or her DNA left behind, which provides interesting applications such as in forensics. We already can predict from DNA certain eye and hair colours with quite high accuracies,\" Kayser said in a statement.The study was published in 'PLOS Genetics'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389708", "title": "Society to builder: Give 5% VAT breakup", "text": "MUMBAI: Seeking clarity on their tax liability, members of a Belapur cooperative housing society (CHS) on Thursday shot off a letter to their developer, demanding a detailed breakup of the 5% value added tax (VAT) levied on the total agreement value of their flats. Lakhani's Suncoast CHS has also asked Lakhani Builders, the developer, to explain which payment option under the Maharashtra Value Added Tax ( MVAT) Act they have chosen to calculate the VAT as well as the reason.The society sent the letter following an interaction with consumer activists and service tax officials. The members were told their VAT liability worked out to just a few thousands, even as many of them had already paid lakhs to the developer, albeit in the form of bank guarantees. (See: 'An Illustration', an unrelated example cited by consumer activists).\"We have no objection to paying the tax, but we want to know the components such as land, interest and the profit margins the developer may have included to compute it,'' said a resident.The residents have further asked the builder for the government order authorizing developers to collect the amount from buyers in cheques issued in the developer's name.Residents have alleged that VAT was collected from those who bought flats after the building got an occupation certificate in 2010. \"I purchased a resale flat in 2011, six months after the building got an OC. Government rules say VAT has to be recovered from the first buyer. Why then is the developer not returning my bank guarantee of Rs 1.75 lakh, which is 5% of my flat agreement value of Rs 35 lakh,\" asked Arun Gandotra, a resident of Suncoast.Sunny Lakhani, director of Lakhani Builders, said the company has no problems providing a detailed breakup of the tax computation. \"If the buyer wants to see our records on how we computed the liability, we will ask him to talk to our chartered accountants and see our returns.''Lakhani said he has returned bank guarantees of 10 members who purchased flats after the building was completed. \"We did not return the money for three and half years as the state had not clarified how VAT would be charged. As we had taken only bank guarantees, the money remained with the buyer, who got interest from the bank,'' said Lakhani.On Suncoast, the developer said they took over the partially completed building from another developer. \"Computing the tax liability will be tedious as many residents have booked and paid the flat value at various stages of construction. We are getting different numbers from chartered accountants,'' said Lakhani.\"We plan to meet the residents during the weekend and answer their queries. One thing is clear. We would not be collecting the levy till we get a clarity on VAT calculations.\"Times View:Remove the smokescreen The government cannot leave home buyers at the mercy of developers. Both buyers and developers are justified in expecting much greater clarity on the amount of value-added tax they will have to pay. The government should release simple calculations as soon as possible that both home buyers and developers can apply to each transaction and know the exact payable amount. We are talking about lakhs of rupees here; no one should lose out on money because of the smokescreen that is still there.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391593", "title": "No masking this Passion", "text": "As she globetrots, taking her music to far-off places, there is one thing that Carnatic musician Sudha Ragunathan does without fail. She makes it a point to pick up a mask that best captures the flavour of the place she visits.By now, the singer has around 30 masks of varying hues and textures from Tunisia, Morocco, Sri Lanka, Mexico and Malaysia . \"They are the best souvenirs of a place,\" says the singer, an award-winning performer and concert artist.The collection started by chance after she went for a stroll in one of the bustling markets of Venice in Italy in 2000. \"The masks displayed there were beautiful and high on craftsmanship ,\" she says, pointing to a ceramic mask with delicate eyes and enamel work. She bought it and soon others followed that now hold pride of place with her collection of Vinayaka idols.According to her, masks have life in them. \"The carvings and other art work need to be observed closely to appreciate their beauty,\" she says. The singer takes her mask-buying seriously. Whenever she goes abroad to give performances, she takes a day off from her hectic schedule to go shopping for masks.Most of the masks in her collection are made of metal and ceramic. As the artwork is delicate, she takes care to main them. Once in six months, she takes them out and dusts them. \"Some masks have jewels attached to them. So I use a soft brush to clean the area around the eyes,\" says Ragunathan, who keeps her collection in a separate room. Now that friends and family know about her passion, she has got a couple of masks as gifts.\"This mask from West Africa has features of Lord Ganesha and I like it the most,\" says Ragunathan , who is hoping to add more Indian masks to her collection . \"It is a great stress-buster for me in the middle of hectic concert schedules.\" The curio collection is all set to grow as her daughter is into collecting elephant figurines. \"Soon we will fill the house with masks and elephant figurines,\" she laughs. sivakumar.b@timesgroup.com (This is a weekly series that features the people who collect odds and ends, from stamps and coins to racing cars and rocks)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16391486", "title": "Buildings sans fire safety measures to face heat soon", "text": "BELGAUM: Fire safety measures have been thrown out of the window in Belgaum city. Most of the high-rise buildings in the city have not obtained no objection certificates from the fire department.But that may change with fire department officials finally getting teeth to crack the whip on violators. Officers can seal the building in case of repeated violation.According to official sources, there are nearly 50 high-rise buildings that are over 15metres in height in the city. Of these only nine to ten have obtained and renewed their no objection certificate from fire department, while the rest have flouted rules rampantly.While the fire department issues notices and suggest actions, it is the responsibility of other departments like the city corporation which have to take stringent action against those who violate the norms.The fire department could not take action against buildings found openly flouting fire safety guidelines with its mandate restricted to merely conducting inspections.\"After the 2010 Carlton Towers tragedy, where the seven-storey commercial complex in Bangalore caught fire killing 9 people and injuring 68, the high court, in its interim order on June 6, 2011 directed government to look into Sec 13 of the Karnataka Fire Services Act, 1964.Based on that Director General, Fire and Emergency Services and Commissioner of BBMP submitted join action plan to the state government in pursuance of the orders of high court. The government framed preventive measures for building of 15 mtr and above in height of high-rise buildings and other important public places to save life and property of public,\" added Ravi Prasad, Belgaum district fire officer.The preventive measures for buildings 15mtr and above are like this; the corporation shall not grant building licenses without obtaining NOC from fire and emergency services. The existing buildings which are either occupied or under construction will not be granted occupancy certificate unless and until sufficient fire protection system is installed, before the building is made operational and is certified by the fire officer not below the rank of district fire officer which should be renewed every two years. During the inspection if there are any loopholes in the safety the officer will provide maximum of three months to the owner to set right the loopholes. If the said lapse is not rectified the fire officer can immediately disconnect electricity connection and also seal the building.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391751", "title": "BJP wants recovery of money from mine owners", "text": "PANAJI: The Bharatiya Janata Party in Goa on Thursday said that the declaration by Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan that she will suspend mines in Goa due to faulty environmental clearances, means all the environmental clearances by her ministry were illegal and fraudulently issued.Briefing the media, BJP state vice-president Dr Wilfred Mesquita said, \"People in Goa want to know for what consideration these environmental clearances were given.\"The Goa BJP demands that the government investigate mine owners responsible for illegal mining and money be recovered from them as the \"money belongs to the people of Goa\".The BJP was caustic in their criticism of Natarajan. \"It appears that she visited Goa in a hurry just to bury the sins of commission and omission committed by Congressmen in Goa and Delhi. I am surprised that she could come to Goa and make such statements as if her Congress leaders in Goa are exonerated for the mining mess in the state,\" Mesquita said.Mesquita said that in 2010, there was a circular from the Indian bureau of mines, Delhi, asking the state to prepare a geo-reference chart or a cadastral map to actually see the mining in Goa. If that was done, all these so-called illegal mining would not have happened, Mesquita said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16388929", "title": "Deputy CM slams rival over irrigation row", "text": "MUMBAI: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Thursday lashed out at vested interests'' behind the recent controversy over inflated cost estimates and alleged misappropriation of funds meant for irrigation projects in the state. He told TOI it's an attempt by his political rival to put him on the mat, but nothing much would come out of it. Pawar was water resources minister between 1999 and 2009 when most of the alleged scams took place.Pawar said cost escalations in major projects are a natural progression resulting from increase in prices of raw material. \"But public perception is being moulded to make these look like a scam. From what I understand, these are attempts to eventually get to me. It is not that simple,\" he said clarifying that even centrally funded schemes such as Brimstowad have seen major cost escalations.Reacting to the allegations made by Vijay Pandhare, chief engineer (water resources department), who in a letter to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had blamed the politician-officer-contractor nexus for a loss of Rs 35,000 crore, Pawar clarified there still remains some vagueness in the claims. The department has asked Pandhare to bring more clarity to the claims. \"The letter talks of needless lift irrigation schemes and pumping projects undertaken since 1980s. However, where there is no water it becomes imperative to use this technique. Having said that, I have never heard of this engineer and the question is why he is making these claims after so many years,\" Pawar asked.Several cabinet ministers of the Maharashtra government both from Congress and NCP are currently facing charges of graft and misuse of authority, with cases being filed against many of them. The latest to face such charges is NCP leader and water resources minister Sunil Tatkare and education minister (Congress) Rajendra Darda. But the political parties are now preparing to counter these 'baseless' claims with an eye on the 2014 elections, Pawar said.Referring to the cases registered against NCP's Gulabrao Deokar, Sunil Tatkare and Congress Rajendra Darda, allegations against PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and cabinet minister Vijaykumar Gavit, Pawar said until charges against them are proved, it does not make any sense to ask for their resignations. \"It has become a norm to put people on the mat even before investigations are even complete. The government takes all accusations seriously but If resignations are to be asked based on just allegations then the entire cabinet will have to go,\" Pawar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393036", "title": "Young India woos Toronto", "text": "M umbai's film industry is going through a significant change and a strong group of filmmakers have  emerged,\" stated Cameron Bailey, Artistic Director of the Toronto International Film Festival . And to prove his point, he selected ten new films in the festival's City to City programme, which taken together amply demonstrate how cinema in India is at a major turning point.The City to City press conference had all ten GenX Indian filmmakers present: Anurag Kashyap, Dibakar Banerjee, Mohit Takalkar, Anand Gandhi, Habib Faisal, Hansal Mehta, Vasan Bala, Ashim Ahluwalia and Manjeet Singh. Speaking with confidence and clarity, they made it clear that they were the new breed of independent filmmakers who are not dictated by studios or the box office. They chose to make films on the rugged, grassroot reality of urban spaces, and a filmmaking style that is edgy and hard-hitting. All ten films ran to packed halls with wide-ranging question and answer sessions.Hansal Mehta was both surprised and moved by the emotional reaction to his feature film Shahid, and an audience so overwhelmed that many were in tears. His film is a biopic on the slain human rights activist and lawyer Shahid Azmi.Mohit Takalkar's The Bright Day, found echoes among the young. His film is a road movie on a rudderless, dissatisfied young man seeking to diffuse the restlessness within him. On the other hand, Ishaqzaade, made by the more mainstream director Habib Faisal, entertained audiences who were quick to grasp its Romeo and Juliet theme and its message of better understanding and tolerance towards others.Anurag Kashyap's Gangs of Wasseypur created waves as a musical odyssey of a past linking to our times, as did Vasan Bala's debut work Peddlers, on lives that are affected by the narcotics trade.The one Indian film in the contemporary World Cinema section is Girish Kasaravalli's latest work, Kurmavatara (Tortoise-An Incarnation). The veteran director, after winning the National Award in 1978 for his very first film Ghattashraddha, made 15 features, almost all of them award winners at home and abroad. His latest offering is an ironic, disturbing story of today's rampant opportunism as opposed to the Gandhian values. Attending the Toronto festival for the first time, Girish got a taste of the city's avid film-loving audience and their wideranging questions. Set in the true colours of traditional Karnataka, his film drew many queries on the homes and life-style depicted in the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16390885", "title": "Kerala govt to transfer Cusat debt to Centre", "text": "KOCHI: The state government has decided to transfer all assets and liabilities of the Cochin University of Science and Technology (Cusat) to the Union government as part of the proposal to elevate the varsity to the status of Indian Institute of Engineering Science and Technology ( IIEST). \"The decision was taken after the Union human resource minister asked the state government to handover Cusat to uplift it to a national institute,\" chief minister Oommen Chandy said.Meanwhile, Union minister for science and technology Vayalar Ravi said nine departments of three universities -- Cusat, Kerala University and MG University -- will get Rs 27 crore in the next three years as scientific research grants. \"A Nano Mission Centre and A Molecular Research Centre to aid drug discovery is also being planned in the state. About Rs 58.64 crore will be earmarked for science projects,\" he said.Head of Vikram Sarabhai Space Centre (VSSC) Technology Transfer Group John P Zachariah stressed the need to find out ways to pillage Moon for helium. \"Just 100kg of helium can meet the power needs of the state for a year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16388995", "title": "MCQ pattern proposed for semester exams proposed for DAVV", "text": "INDORE: To improve administration at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidyalaya (DAVV), the exam reform committee on Thursday submitted its recommendations which can bring sea change if accepted. The 14-member reform committee was constituted by the vice chancellor after various activists staged protest at DAVV relating to exam and evaluation of answer scripts.Some of the major recommendations given by the committee are converting one of the two semesters' examination from subjective mode to multiple choice questions (MCQ) pattern, setting up a cell to deal with application related to answer sheets review, re-introduction of moderation of question papers and revamp in the hierarchy at Evaluation Centre. According to the sources, the panel has given nearly 25 suggestions.The committee has submitted the recommendations to VC Dr D P Singh who will present them in the next executive council meeting.For disbursing remuneration of evaluation work, the committee said that a cell having representative from financial section of the university should be constituted. Other major decisions included make provisional time-table of examination and approve it after taking feedback from the students, announce examination centres one month prior to the examination and so on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390570", "title": "Tamil Nadu buses to have GPS-based e-ticketing", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government has invited bids from IT firms to implement a GPS-based e-ticketing system with hand-held devices in all state transport corporation buses.\"The objective of the project is to modernise existing passenger ticketing system with the help of information technology to provide maximum benefits to the travelling public and the transport corporations,\" a senior official in the transport department said.He said the government would purchase 43,987 GPS-enabled electronic ticketing machines (ETMs) and set up support infrastructure at 285 depots and eight divisions. A central control room will monitor the system from Chennai.The system will help conductors issue tickets using ETMs equipped with thermal printers.An automatically generated management information system will help the STU managements keep a tab on sales and evolve policies accordingly, said the official.Such data would be available for traffic, technical, administration and accounts managers in the STUs. Besides, the system will help the control room spot the exact location of the bus during its journey.Eight transport undertakings across the state have a fleet of over 21,000 buses. They carry about two crore passengers daily. Average daily collection is 18.09 crore, while yearly collection is more than 6,500 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16391833", "title": "Missing pug returns", "text": "INDORE: The missing pug, Bozo is back. Bozo, hit headlines after it was picked by unidentified people from the residence of its caretaker some four months back and a search for him was posted on the Facebook.On June 18, Shraddha Chawla's pet Bozo went missing from Jaora compound, which was kept in the custody of owner's relative, while they went abroad. An FIR was lodged and posters were put up in the city to find the missing pug.\"We had lost all hopes that we would ever see Bozo again,\" said Rohit Dixit from whose custody the dog went missing. They had even got a call from outside Indore informing them that they saw a similar dog after reading about in the TOI.But on Wednesday, September 12 a group of some unknown persons had come to their house to inform that they had seen a Bozo look-alike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389060", "title": "Gyms, clubs fail to register for new luxury tax", "text": "NEW DELHI: Bringing high-end gyms, spas, health clubs and banquet halls under the tax net is turning out to be a tall order. At the close of the 30-day deadline for owners of these facilities to register with the Delhi government just about 84 applications have been received by the excise department.The department of excise has now started identifying and issuing notices to evaders who will now have to pay the tax, a penalty equivalent to the tax amount along with the interest.The Delhi government has set an ambitious target of Rs 10 crores for the current fiscal period from collection of the tax from these facilities. However, with owners reluctant to come forward and register, there are speculations that meeting this target will be tough since there are just six months left to get the tax evaders into the loop.Through an amendment the Delhi government decided to bring gyms, spas, health clubs and banquet halls under the gamut of the Luxury Tax Act. It was decided to bring all facilities with an annual turnover of Rs 5 lakhs and above under tax net. The levy was fixed at 3% of the annual turnover. The amendment Bill was passed in the Delhi budget session and the amendments were notified in August.It was mandatory for facilities notified under the amendment to register with the state within 30 days of the law coming into effect.A public notice was issued calling upon owners of gyms, spas, health clubs and banquet halls to come forward and register and pay up the tax amount. The deadline ended on September 9. According to senior officials some of these applications are from outlets of renowned chains.In order to catch the violators who are evading registration, the excise department has put the staff on the job to identify facilities that are not on the list of applicants. \"This time we are using information about gyms, spas, health clubs and banquet halls on the internet to reach violators,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391191", "title": "\u2018I had been rewarded for handling mobs\u2019", "text": "Q- Have you encountered mob violence like the September 6 rally during your career earlier?A- I have handled mobs earlier but nothing was similar to the September 6 violence. I had been rewarded for deft handling of the crowd during the rally of women Congress activists on Mahatma Gandhi Marg in Bhubaneswar in May 2010.Q- What exactly did you do that day? How did you control the mob?A- Some women Congress activists were trying to burn the effigy of chief minister Naveen Patnaik during the demonstration. I immediately intervened and requested them not to indulge in any fire-related activities. They ignored my request. I snatched the effigy from them and started running to prevent them from burning it. I also persuaded many agitating women not to indulge in violence. It paid off. My seniors had appreciated me then. Former commissioner of police B K Sharma shook hands with me and rewarded me with a cash incentive.Q- Do you feel that you failed to tackle the September 6 mob? How did you land in trouble?A- I tried my best. I cannot call it a failure. I was deployed at the rally stage because of the presence of many women Congress activists there. Around six other women police personnel were also present near me. When the violence broke out, we did not run for cover. I escorted Congress women wing president Bijaylaxmi Sahoo and other women to safety. After leaving them at a safe place, I found myself trapped amidst the mob. I was pushed, kicked and thrown on the ground. While a few of them tried to protect me, others brutally assaulted me. I was groaning in pain and later rescued by my colleagues.Q-Though several other cops and Congress activists were injured that day, your plight drew the maximum focus. Now that the issue has been widely politicized, do you feel that you have become a trump card for politicians?A-No, I don't think so. Politics hardly matters to me. I was just doing my duty and was injured. Our job is fraught with danger. I am also worried about my injured colleagues.Q- Is there any law that women cops should not be sent to face a violent mob? Did anybody command you to take on the mob?A- It is a wrong interpretation. Women police personnel must be present near women activists. Law does not permit male personnel to tackle women agitators.Q- You demanded arrest of Congress leader Jagdish Tytler and others for inciting the public to resort to violence. You even told the media that you want to beat up those, who assaulted you. Can you identify your assaulters?A- I saw some faces before I fainted. I hope I can recall them. Tytler should be arrested, so also others involved in the violence. I clearly heard Tytler provoking the crowd to break into the police barricade.Q- Do you think government is walking tightrope to arrest Tytler and other prominent Congress leaders, booked in the violence?A- I don't know what political repercussion it will have. But the culprits should be arrested immediately. Since I am a constable, I cannot pressurize. It is up to my seniors to decide on the arrest.Q- Police are accused of exhibiting brutality at the rally. Many Congress leaders were injured in lathicharge. Didn't you beat up anybody?A-I did not beat anyone. Police showed utmost restraint to control the mob. Police used baton for self-defence.Q-How will you prepare yourself to face such challenges in the future?A-I will never backtrack. Like other male police officers, we are trained to tackle mobs. It is part of our job. But for the time being, I am praying to God to recover soon to look after my family. My son is crying seeing me in pain. I will stay in hospital for some more days because of fractures in my left hand and right fingers.Q- Do you still want to continue in the police job? Is there any pressure from your family to quit the job which is fraught with dangers?A-I will continue working in the police department. It was my father's dream to see me in khaki. Quite understandably, he is worried after the attack on me. But he has never asked me to leave the job. My husband Giridhari Panda is also supporting me and taking care of our son and myself in this adverse situation.Q- Now you are getting full support and sympathy from your department and government. Had you been injured in a BJD rally, would you have got the similar kind of reciprocation?A-Yes. Unity is our strength. I would have got the same support from my department.Q-Women cops, mostly the subordinate employees face lots of problems at workplace. Do your seniors always support you, as they are doing now?A-Problems exist in all kinds of job. My seniors are very supportive.Q-How safe are women in police? Have you ever faced problems from anti-socials during raids?A- I cannot tell about others. But I never felt insecure. I joined police knowing fully well that policing is tough.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393959", "title": "Traffic Jam is going to be bigger: Popsy", "text": "Raju Dinehwala will be launching his debut album in October, produced fully by 'Popsy - The Music Machine'. This will be Popsy's first album project since 'Hyper' which featured the worldwide hit 'Naag 2'.  Popsy spoke on the collaboration with Raju Dinehwala and the new album, \" I've been concentrating on launching Raju recently and I'm extremely pleased with how the new album is coming along. Raju has been slowly building his own fanbase since the release of 'Jatt Di Dushmani' and 'Traffic Jam' is set to be even bigger! \"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390366", "title": "Hospitals omit TB mandate", "text": "HYDERABAD: After a long-drawn out battle, the government finally declared TB as a notifiable disease in July this year. But the constructive step to address this major public health problem seems to have failed to yield any positive outcome so far.State health officials said the response from hospitals has not been encouraging as hardly 20 cases of TB were notified by the hospitals to the health department in the last 45 days.Surprisingly, not a single Hyderabad-based hospital has complied with the health ministry's notification that made it mandatory for all public and private hospitals apart from individual practitioners to inform each and every case of TB diagnosed in their set up. Officials said that though the hospitals are aware of the notification, they are defying it. \"There is a conglomeration of hospitals in Hyderabad but the resistance too is highest here,\" an official said.\"This is a toothless notification. We can only request hospitals and doctors to notify but cannot take any action against those not complying. This is the biggest hurdle,\" said Dr Chetan C Purad, WHO consultant for TB. However, he added that according to the medical code of ethics, the Medical Council of India (MCI) makes it mandatory for doctors to notify infectious diseases.State TB officials said they are ensuring that major hospitals are informed about the notification.Underlining the factors hindering hospitals from inform the cases to the government, Dr M S Srinivas Rao, joint director of TB department, said that while on one hand, there is social stigma attached to it, on the other, doctors are prescribing expensive medications from outside even though the government supplies quality TB drugs for free. He said that even doctors from the state-run Chest Hospital are prescribing anti-TB drugs from outside.While state health officials are trying to advocate the new rule through Indian Medical Association, the largest body of doctors, the outcome so far is minimal.Now, they say that they plan to rope in AP Private Hospitals and Nursing Homes Association (APNA) to reach out to the medical fraternity. Officials maintained that policy makers needed to take note of the problem and initiate proactive steps.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389703", "title": "'Sancheti firm gave loans to 10 without papers, agreements'", "text": "MUMBAI: San Finance Corporation (SFC) gave unsecured loans to 10 persons without any documents or agreements, Abhay Sancheti, brother of BJP MP Ajay Sancheti, told the judicial commission on Thursday.Abhay, SFC director, and Ajay are partners in the company. SFC had given loans of around Rs 2.5 crore to 10 persons, including Abahy's son Paramveer and Sudhakar Madke, a driver who works at SMS infrastructure, a Sancheti group company.\"We have not obtained no documents from any of the 10 borrowers for the loan given to them for buying flats in the Adarsh society,\" said Abhay in response to questions put forth to him by Dipan Merchant, counsel for the commission. \"None of them has mortgaged their flats to SFC by way of security for repayment of loan,\" he added. Abhay said the company had not initiated any action to seek repayment of the loan and only one member Amar Waghmare had repaid the entire loan. \"I am hoping that once the said borrowers get possession of their flats, they would repay the loan amount,\" said Abhay.He admitted that SFC had written a letter to Adarsh that in case the members fail to repay the loans, the flats should be transferred to the company. \"I am aware of this letter,\" said Abhay when confronted with a letter given to Suresh Atram, who had taken a loan for the Adarsh flat, about transferring the flat of defaulters. \"I do not know whether Atram was aware of this letter. There is no agreement with Atram that in case of his failure to repay the loan, the flat allotted to him shall be transferred to SFC.\"In most of the cases, the flats financed by SFC were adjacent to each other. An application is pending before the Bombay HC seeking probe into SFC alleging that the loan transactions were benami deals.The commission also grilled Nagpur-based builder Sanjay Kondawar, who through his erstwhile company Landscape Realtors, had given a loan of Rs 62 lakh to former MLA Mukundrao Mankar to buy a flat in Adarsh. \"Mankar told me he would let out the flat and repay the loan,\" said Kondawar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16391697", "title": "Woman held for cheating company", "text": "MYSORE: A woman employee of a vehicle showroom in Periyapatna was arrested on charges of cheating and misappropriation of funds here on Tuesday.Nethravathi, who was looking after accounts, alleged to have embezzled funds to the tune of Rs 13 lakh over a period of one year. The misappropriation came to light on Tuesday when the company authorities verified the accounts.Nethravathi, who was assigned the job of depositing every week's collection, has been cheating the company by diverting a small amount of money to her account every time she went to deposit the money, Periyapatna police inspector P V Venkatesha said.Investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394482", "title": "French mag prints Duchess Kate's topless pics", "text": "While the royal family is still reeling from the naked Prince Harry scandal , a French magazine has now published snaps claiming to show the Duchess of Cambridge topless .The future Queen is facing embarrassment after the revealing pictures of her and hubby Prince William enjoying a private sunshine holiday this month were printed.The royal couple thought they would not be photographed as they stayed at the magnificent Chateau D'Autet in Provence , owned by a nephew of the Queen.But France's Closer mag obtained images of the pair, now in Malaysia as part of the Diamond Jubilee tour, by the swimming pool - including snaps of Kate, 30, half naked, the Mirror reported.\"We have to say that after Closer magazine comes out, Harry is going to feel a lot less alone,\" Closer France editor Laurence Pieau said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "many students stranded on the roads had but one option", "code": "16391032", "title": "Some declare holiday", "text": "Many students stranded on the roads had but one option: to return home.A few city schools that rely heavily on BMTC buses were even forced to declare a holiday. Sophia High School sent mass SMSs to students and teachers in the morning, saying classes would be called off if buses did not turn ply. The school uses 11 buses for transportation.Vidyaniketan School called off classes for students from Class 1 to 7. \"The school uses 22 BMTC buses. We couldn't afford to have our children stranded at bus stops. It was wiser to call off classes,\" said Lalitha Desikan, principal. High school students, however, had to make it to write an exam.Attendance was low across colleges, forcing many institutions to cancel classes. \"Most of our students are dependent on BMTC. Only 10% students and 25% teachers could make it to college. It was a similar scene in many other colleges,\" said M Prakash, principal, Seshadripuram First Grade College and secretary of First Grade College Principals' Association.Many institutes have advised their students to stay home in case the strike continues on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391406", "title": "Craters return on repaired bridges", "text": "MUMBAI: In another example of the substandard quality of work carried out by the civic contractors, four key bridges in the island city that were resurfaced just before the monsoons are already riddled with potholes.Portions of the four bridges, Kavi Keshavsut bridge Dadar west, Currey Road Bridge, Elphinstone Bridge and the Jagannath Shankar Sheth bridge were resurfaced before the rains under the civic body's pre-monsoon work, but in less than three months the new layer has been washed off and potholes have resurfaced. The four bridges were among 22 the BMC initially planned to resurface. But as tenders received poor response, the BMC decided to take up only these four bridges first, and the others after the monsoon.Kavi Keshavsut bridge was taken up for resurfacing early, with work done on 50% of the bridge. Only 10-15% of the other bridges were resurfaced due to delay in getting permissions from the traffic police, as these are arterial bridges for vehicular traffic. The civic body spent more than Rs 80 lakh on the work. The four bridges are at the heart of the Ganpati festival in the island city. \"These bridges must be made pothole-free as many Ganesha idols have to take these routes to reach pandals,\" said Naresh Dahibhavkar, co-ordinator, Samanvay Samiti of Ganpati mandals.\"The newly surfaced layer has been washed away in the monsoon and potholes have resurfaced in few of the spots, but since these bridges are within the defect liability period, we have asked the contractors to fill up the potholes at their own cost,\" said a senior civic official from the roads and bridges department. The bridges were not resurfaced with mastic asphalt as recommended by the standing technical advisory committee, but with regular hot-mix, as no contractor agreed to use that technology. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta couldn't be reached for comments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391657", "title": "New ambulance service in state on heels of another that's still limping", "text": "LUCKNOW: Three weeks after it was launched, the Uttar Pradesh Ambulance Sewa is not proving helpful to the public. The ambulance service was to provide 24-hour transport facility to those in need, particularly pregnant women and newborns with ailments. Without overcoming its failure, the state government is planning to launch the 108 ambulance service this weekend. Notably, 108 comprises the much awaited network of ambulances meant to handle general (such as accident) and specialised emergencies (such as cardiac arrest).The biggest issue hampering the effective use of the facility is absence of a helpline number. This drawback, a proof of poor planning by the health department, has deprived public from availing of the facility. The back-end call center for the purpose was missing even when chief minister Akhilesh Yadav launched the service on August 22.Mission director, National Rural Health Mission, Mukesh Meshram said, \"We have entered into an agreement with Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited for the call center and a toll free number. But it will take shape only by December.\" In the districts, the ambulance is under the control of chief medical officers (CMOs). In some places, the CMOs have handed over the ambulances to the community health centres (CHC) and their in-charge manage the affairs. So, to avail the service, one must have the personal contact number of the CMO or the CHC in-charge.But even their contact numbers may not be of much help. Talking to TOI, two CMOs shared that the ambulance was not being used 24X7. In fact, they said, it was not possible to use it round the clock. \"There is an acute shortage of drivers and till Wednesday, there was no money for diesel to fuel the vehicles,\" said one of them posted in east UP. Another added that 24X7 service was a distant dream. \"Two days ago, we received a proforma for inviting tenders to appoint drivers for UPAS. The format says drivers will work in eight-hour shifts but we have been allowed to appoint one driver per ambulance. If the ambulance service was to remain functional all the time, three drivers per ambulance should have been appointed,\" said a CMO in central UP.After instructions from the headquarters, the CMOS have floated tender for drivers on different dates in the present week. CMO Lucknow Dr SNS Yadav floated the tender on Tuesday. It will take at least 3 to 4 weeks to finalise the tenders and appoint people. Thereafter, the drivers undergo a brief training. So it will take some time for UPAS to take off effectively. Meanwhile, it is adding an element of newness to the VIP/VVIP fleets. For example, the ambulance with Chinhat CHC was provided the fleet for vice president Hamid Ansari who visited the city last week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390320", "title": "Students\u2019 union elections held at Halim College", "text": "KANPUR: The student body elections at Halim Muslim PG College were held successfully here on Thursday amid clashes among student groups and subsequent lathicharge by the police.Tight security arrangements had been made on the occasion, with police and PAC personnel deployed at various locations on the college campus to prevent supporters of competing candidates from clashing.The voting was held between 8am and 12 noon, and 54% of the 2,650 students of the college cast their votes.As per the results of the counting, Mohd Salman was declared the new president while Haseen Ahmad was elected to the post of general secretary of the student union.Authorities at Halim Muslim PG College informed that Mohd Salman received 906 votes to defeat his closest rival Haji Kashif who could manage only 463 votes. For the post of general secretary, Haseen received 793 votes while Faizan alias Mannu received 582 votes.The college authorities, with assistance from the police, checked the admit cards of students before allowing them entry into the college for casting votes.The police had to resort to lathicharge when the students who were denied entry tried to create a ruckus.The police also did not allow students to form large groups inside the college premises. However, the student leaders and their supporters were active on the road outside the college and at Chamanganj crossing.The police had to use mild force to disperse victory processions being taken out by the election winners in violation of earlier orders against the same.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "16391529", "title": "Relief for Seabird evacuees", "text": "KARWAR: A Supreme Court order has brought much relief to the evacuees of the Seabird naval project near Karwar on Thursday.The apex court dismissed the petition filed by the defence estate officer who had challenged the high court order awarding compensation of Rs 11,500 per gunta of land to those evacuated from their land.The high court had enhanced the compensation from Rs 150 to Rs 11,500. The bench presided over by Justice G S Singhvi and S J Mukhyopadhya had pronounced the judgment.The defence department had challenged high court order stating that the compensation awarded it was very high and unreasonable.But the apex court dismissed the petition on the ground that the defence department had concealed some facts relating to the plight of evacuees who had lost their home and land for the defence project. According to Satish Sail, honorary president of Seabird evacuees forum of Karwar, the court was critical of the defence officials who had dragged the case for 26 years in court causing adverse impact on the families of those who had lost their land.The court asked the Union government to take immediate steps to distribute the compensation with interest incurred on it, he said.Advocates Vivek Tanka, Pallav Sisodia and Satish Paul and others had argued on behalf of the land losers and evacuees.Gajanan Naik, president of Seabird evacuees forum, thanked Sail and the lawyers who had fought on behalf of the Seabird evacuees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390479", "title": "2 Pachaiyappa\u2019s students held for assault, get bail", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested two students of Pachaiyappa's College on charges of assaulting a Loyola college student in a case of mistaken identity near Anna Arch on Thursday.Later, a group of Pachaiyappa's College students tried to lay siege to the Aminjikarai police station demanding that the arrested students be released. Additional deputy commissioner of police S Jayakumar refused to budge and sent them back with a stern warning not to come back to the station with such a demand. The two students, Anandan of first year BSC computer science and Raghavendra of second year BSc (zoology), were booked under Sections 324 (voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons) and 341 (wrongful restraint) of the IPC. They were later let off on bail.\"We have seized two rods from the bags of two students. It was a pre-planned attack. The college authorities should take such issues seriously and initiate strict action against them,\" said a senior police officer.It all started when Bala Murali, a student of Pachaiyappa's College, was beaten up by a group of Presidency College students at a restaurant in Anna Nagar. The group later escaped on 27H bus (Avadi to Anna Square). Bala Murali informed his friends about the assault and a group of 20 students from Pachaiyappa's College reached the spot and started reining blows on Murugesan, a student of Loyola College, mistaking him for a student of Presidency.\"The student was caught unawares as the group encircled him and did not even wait to listen to him,\" said an investigating officer. \"The arrested students have refused to reveal the root cause of the fights. We suspect it could be the usual bus route rivalry,\" he said.The bus route fights have been putting at risk several passengers and road users. \"Police have to put an end to this nuisance,\" said Mallika, a bus passenger.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16388480", "title": "IT companies step into McKinsey territory", "text": "BANGALORE: India's big IT companies are building strong consulting practices that are taking them into spaces traditionally dominated by the likes of Accenture, Deloitte , PwC and even McKinsey and The Boston Consulting Group.Infosys's $350-million acquisition of Switzerland-headquartered Lodestone, a consulting firm focused on SAP-enabled business transformation, is only the latest indication of how serious IT companies have become about consulting. Cognizant has been organically building its consulting business but has also made five global acquisitions since 2005 that have strengthened its consulting capabilities in telecommunications, media &amp; entertainment , IT infrastructure services, high-end programme management and IT testing.HCL acquired UK-based Axon in 2008 that brought capabilities in SAP consulting.Wipro has been focusing on business transformation consulting and its head of consulting services Kirk Strawser has said the company intends to become \"the largest pure-play business transformation consulting practice in the world\", with 5,000 consultants by 2015. The company now has 1,750 consultants that offer advisory services on designing, adopting and operating new business models to outpace competitors.Sundararaman Viswanathan of globalization advisory firm Zinnov Management Consulting says Indian IT companies are increasingly seen as viable options for some of the costlier offerings from global consulting companies.For IT companies, consulting brings at least two big benefits. One is, as Gartner India's distinguished analyst Partha Iyengar says, they make for \"stickier client relationships\". A lot of consulting happens not with the CIO - the traditional interface for IT - but with other CXOs. This helps get mindshare in company managements and boards, which then translates into deeper and longer-term client relationships.\"We sell 40% of our consulting services through CXOs such as CEO, CFO, COO, chief medical officer, chief marketing officer, chief risk &amp; compliance officer, and chief merchandising officer,\" says Nat Radhakrishnan, VP in Cognizant's business consulting division. He says in the last one year, consulting also helped to get 25 new clients for Cognizant.The second benefit is the downstream one. Most consulting assignments will eventually translate into IT orders, because any business change and transformation today involves technology transformation or the use of technology. Iyengar notes that Cognizant has a strong application portfolio management practice. \"If a customer hires Cognizant to analyse their application portfolio, and the company spends 6 months doing it, then the customer will inevitably also give the recommended application work to Cognizant. I believe a lot of their application development and maintenance deals are a result of their strong consulting practice,\" he says.Acquisitions can accelerate and add to these benefits. An acquisition not only brings new consultants with access to new customers and geographies (which will eventually help the IT business), it could also bring better tools and frameworks to diagnose problems and recommend new ways.It is these reusable tools and frameworks that are a consulting model's strength.Ray Wang, CEO of Constellation Research, says Lodestone's methodology and culture would transform Infosys. \"Lodestone brings its trademark IDEA methodology. IDEA represents insight, design, execute and achieve. This approach aligns with Six Sigma standards and SAP ASAP (the roadmap for implementing SAP solutions in a cost-effective, speedy manner) to improve the quality of implementation outcomes,\" he says.Gartner's Iyengar, however, warns that IT companies should not over-reach themselves. He says consulting's sweetspot is when a company strategizes around the work (IT services in this case) that it is doing; suggest to clients how to do their IT better, how to optimize.\"But if you try to do high end management consulting (organization design/structure, general strategy etc that the McKinseys do), it may not work out. Many clients have told us the last thing they want from India is another management consulting firm. We don't have the capability and maturity to provide such consulting. And acquisitions will not help either,\" he says.He believes Infosys has tended to get into high end management consulting in the US. \"The jury is out on that. There could be short to medium term challenges,\" he says.Cognizant has also been reaching into those spaces. It's working with Saint-Gobain Building Distribution in the UK and Ireland to improve its business processes, and identify areas of improvement and unlock synergies among its many brands.It's working with a publishing company to transform them into an integrated media play. Technology is just a small part of these exercises.On the contrary, Wipro seems focused on technology-enabled business transformation consulting (transforming businesses through, say, newer technologies like mobility, cloud etc), which some find appealing.Research firm Forrester recently analysed IT firms that are into such consulting and said that amongst the pure-play Indian IT vendors, \"Wipro is the most advanced in terms of its approach and its vision for transformational consulting\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389773", "title": "Juhu secondary runway could be shut for 6 months from Tuesday", "text": "MUMBAI: The Juhu airport's secondary runway will probability be shut for at least six months from September 18, after a safety audit report by Airports Authority of India (AAI) deemed it unsafe for use; plans are afoot to close it till the concerns raised in the report are resolved.The uncertainty over the runway's status will spell hardship for helicopter operators and oil companies, like ONGC , as the Juhu airport houses the busiest heliport in India for offshore operations. Moreover, with only one runway open, whether flights can be operated in Juhu or not will depend on which the runway is being used at the Mumbai airport. \"Because of their close proximity, when Mumbai airport's secondary runway is in use, Juhu is also forced to use its secondary runway. This is done to prevent the flight paths of aircraft landing in these two airports from crossing each other,\" said a senior air traffic controller. So when its secondary runway is shut, the Juhu airport's fate will be sealed on days Mumbai uses its secondary runway.Citing it a technical issue, Juhu airport director M Yadagiri said he could not comment on the matter but asked TOI to contact K S Narasimhan, joint general manager of air traffic control, AAI. \"The AAI audit report cited three reasons for ordering the closure of Juhu's secondary runway 16/34. First, the runway is in bad shape with potholes,\" said Narasimhan. \"Since the past two years, we have been pressing the AAI to carry out resurfacing work on the secondary runway, but the authority is yet to allocate funds for it.\" Both the second and third reasons mentioned in the audit report for shutting down this runwayallude to an alleged nexus between some AAI officials and builders. The second point referred to a report submitted by then AAI executive director J M S Negi in May 2011, which stated the secondary runway could be shut. and was of no use.Based on it, the AAI headquarters had been issuing no-objection certificates to builders for constructing taller buildings on the approach path of the secondary runway, the audit report said. This, despite the fact that it has always been in use in Juhu, and the very nature of the layout of Juhu's runways vis-a-vis Mumbai airport's runways makes it critical for Juhu to have an operational secondary runway.The third point in the report was that since the NOCs had been issued to builders since June 2011, some buildings could have come up in the aircraft approach path of the secondary runway and so its use must be discontinued till the obstacles, if any, are identified and cleared. \"The auditreport gave AAI till September 18 to decide on the points,\" said Narasimhan.In response to the audit report, AAI Juhu moved two NOTAMs (notice to airmen) to the Bombay International Notam Office on Wednesday. The first one said Juhu secondary runway 16/34 would not be available for six months and the second said when Mumbai airport used its secondary runway, the Juhu airport would be closed. If the Bombay Notam office accepts these points, they will come into effect from September 18, 5.30am onwards.BOX:1) Juhu's secondary runway likely to be shut down from September 18, 5.30 am onwards.2) With only one runway operational in Juhu airport, its fate will depend on which runway is in use in Mumbai airport. Both the airports are close to each other and so when Mumbai airport uses its secondary runway, Juhu too can only use its secondary runway else the flight paths of aircraft coming in to land will cross.3) AAI moves a NOTAM to shut down Juhu's secondary runway following an AAI audit report that deemed the said runway unsafe for use.4) The report cited three points. Firstly, the runway was in bad shape. Second, AAI's former executive director J M S Negi had in a report submitted in May 2011, contended that Juhu's secondary runway could be shut down. Since then AAI HQ has been issuing NOC to builders for constructing tallers buildings in the aircraft approach path to the secondary runway. The report said some buildings must have come up in the approach path, these could act as obstacles and so the secondary runway should only be used after these three points are attended to by AAI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389777", "title": "Govt delayed BPL survey to hide increasing numbers: Congress", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Gujarat government has failed to carry out a survey of families living below the poverty line in time and this has deprived the BPL families to avail the benefits, the Gujarat Congress has alleged.Gujarat Pradesh Congress spokesperson Manish Doshi said that the Union government had given a time till December 31, 2011 to complete the survey but the state government delayed it.He alleged that his was done on purpose, to keep away criticism that the number of poor in the state were increasing.\"In a election year, they are sure that the number of BPL families in the state would increase and hence Modi instructed his department not to complete the survey in time or send the report to the central government for approval,\" claimed Doshi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16389788", "title": "Indore court acquits cleric's sons in conspiracy case", "text": "HYDERABAD: A district court in Indore, Madhya Pradesh , acquitted two sons of controversial cleric Maulana Mohammed Naseeruddin in a criminal conspiracy case on Thursday.The duo, Mohammed Muqeemuddin Yasir and Mohammed Baleeghuddin Jaber, are expected to reach Hyderabad on Friday after their release from a jail in Indore.According to information, district and sessions judge Surender Singh Sisodia acquitted three suspected Simi activists __ Yasir, Jaber and another city youth Nafees Ali __ and directed the MP police to shift them to Hyderabad, as they were brought to Indore on Prisoner Transit Warrants.On July 24, 2008 a case of criminal conspiracy under Unlawful Activities Act was registered in Dhaar police station, Indore, against 18 Simi activists including its former general secretary Safdar Nagori.In 2008, the Anti-Terrorism Squad of MP police picked up Yasir and Jaber from a jail in Hyderabad where they were in judicial custody in Mecca Masjid bomb blast related conspiracy cases. Ever since, the two brothers were lodged in Indore jail.The MP police had alleged that in 2008, the sons of Maulana Naseeruddin, who are former Simi activists, took part in a meeting in Indore and later gave some seditious material to Safdar Nagori during his visit to Hyderabad.Early this year, Yasir and Jaber had filed a bail petition in the Supreme Court. The apex court, while declining to grant bail, had directed the Indore court to expedite the trial. The district and sessions court at Indore conducted the trial and the prosecution examined 21 witnesses.\"The acquittal of my sons is a slap on the face of intelligence agencies and police. They should stop implicating Muslim youth in false cases and ruining their lives,\" said Maulana Naseeruddin who was present in the Indore court when the verdict was delivered. The family, however, fears that on their arrival in the city, the two youths could be arrested in another case registered by then Special Investigation Team in Cr. No. 213/2008. That case is related to Mecca Masjid bomb blast in which several accused have been acquitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "16388488", "title": "Citizens' satyagraha against municipal council's functioning", "text": "WARDHA: With a view to draw attention of the municipal council (MC) towards unhygienic condition in the town and MC's mismanagement, Nagar Sanchalan Satarkata Samiti (NSSS), a citizens group, on Thursday staged a one-day satyagraha at Patrawali Square.Unhappy with the functioning of the municipal council, some responsible citizens formed this group. Some doctors and traders also joined them. Vice-president of NSSS, Dr Satish Asamwar, said, \"In the last two months, we have held discussions with the municipal council authorities on various civic issues but they have not given any satisfactory reply.\"A member of NSSS, Anup Bhutada, said, \"The municipal council has all the resources, which if utilized properly can solve these problems. But MC's mismanagement has compelled citizens to take to the streets.\" According to another member, MC president Akash Shende passes the buck to the area counsellors who would simply not listen to their requests.Founder president of NSSS Basant Pandey said that the MC is facing hundreds of issues including drainage problem.Six sonography centres sealedIn a crackdown under Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act, the administration sealed six sonography centres in the district. The action was taken after a meeting held in this regard at the district collector's house on Wednesday.Civil surgeons, tehsildars, revenue officers, district health officers and education officers were present in the meeting. S Sonavane informed every sonography centre in the district is being checked once in a quarter. \"If any irregularity is found at the centre action will be taken,\" he added. Sunil Gade, said, \"A campaign will be organized in the district against female foeticide.\"Of the 33 sonography centres in the district, six have been closed down. Of the 45 abortion centres, action has been taken against four.Sonavane added, \"We will also take help of social organizations from the district in fight against female foeticide. Awareness will be created by organizing painting and essay competitions in colleges and also through wall paintings.Collector directs officials to utilize funds properlyDistrict collector Jayashree Bhoj has directed different departmental heads to use funds allotted to them in proper manner for development of all sectors. A review meeting for division wise expenditure was held at the collector's house recently.The district has been allotted Rs83 crore from a provision of Rs125 crore for various works. However, by August end only Rs16 crore has been utilized. Bhoj directed the officials to ensure utilization of the remaining funds within stipulated period for development.District planning officer Prakash Dayare informed that the fund under this scheme is, headed under general scheme, for Scheduled caste , for tribal development , for agriculture for rural development 62 crore 5 crores,15 crores, 16 crores,20 crores, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389897", "title": "Memnagar lake now buffaloes' paradise", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After spending lakhs of taxpayer's money, the Memnagar lake - which is bigger than Vastrapur lake, is in a dilapidated state. Four years ago, Ahmedabad Urban Development Authority (AUDA) handed over the lake to Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) to manage, complete with cement railings, joggers track and some plantation.Today, the lake and its surroundings are nothing more than a huge toilet. The only living things around are buffaloes, which wallow in its waters for hours, and AMC vehicles and contractors' tractors are permanently parked on lakeside.Naveen Vachhani, a medical specialist at Gokul Society says, \"I have been living in this area since 1978 and never have I seen the lake this bad. AMC should develop this lake into a public space. This will be a huge respite for residents of Memnagar. AUDA has already spent lakhs on the railings. The lake is today used as a thoroughfare and dump yard by the slums and societies around it. If not rescued, the space may be used for gambling or anti-social activities,\" says Vachhani. Another resident, Dhiren Avasya claims, \"A few months ago, two stolen two-wheelers were recovered near the lake. AUDA spent lakhs on cleaning the area, installing railings, leveling tracks around the lake and strengthening the embankments. This seems to have gone to waste. We had lot of hopes from this lake.\" Another major issue troubling residents of the 20-odd societies that border the lake, is that a large part of the open space is used for defecation. \"Societies nearby have started dumping domestic garbage here and so have the slums. Our children need space to play. The lake would have been an ideal spot,\" says resident Mohini Chandra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16390789", "title": "Himachal plans international airport to catch upper-crust foreigners", "text": "SHIMLA: In a bid to cash in on the popularity of Himachal Pradesh among foreign tourists, the state government is planning an international airport to bring the state on the tourism map of high-end foreign visitors, like Sheikhs from the Middle East.The hill state has witnessed a substantial rise in footfall of foreign tourists in last five years. If 2.07 lakh visitors from abroad came to Himachal Pradesh in 2005, the number went up to 4.85 lakh in 2011. But the absence of an international airport is keeping high-end foreign tourists away.With an eye on tapping into this segment, the government has identified three sites at Kandaghat in Solan district and Nadaun in Hamirpur district. The tourism and civil aviation department has already submitted weather data to the Airports Authority of India on these as it will be a crucial factor in selecting the site.At present, the state has three airports at Kullu, Kangra and Shimla , but poor air connectivity forces majority of tourists to travel by road.Chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal said an international airport will give a fillip to the state's tourism industry. \"Himachal has a vast potential to attract foreign tourists, especially high-spenders.''With the international airport likely to cost between Rs 2,000 and Rs 3,000 crore, public private partnership (PPP) mode has been mooted for the project.Pointing out how the lack of an international airport is making the state lose out on the upper-crust visitors, Tourism and civil aviation director Arun Sharma said, \"around 30000-40000 Sheikhs from Arabian countries visit Mumbai every year to enjoy the monsoon and they can easily come to Himachal.'' He said the Sheikhs had mooted the idea of a chartered flight to Chandigarh or Pathankot, but this was not possible due to security reasons.\"The number of high-end religious tourists too would swell once religious places are covered by the heli-taxi scheme, and we are expecting 20% increase in this segment alone once the international airport is ready,\" he added.While the government is hoping to to start work on this ambitious project in 1-2 years, sources said acquisition of around 375 acres for the purpose will not be easy. Moreover, with assembly polls looming on the horizon, the ambitious project is likely to take shape only after the electoral process is over.A recent report of PHD Chamber's research bureau had pointed out the need for setting up of an international airport in the state to make it easy for tourists from Europe and South East Asia to come to HP .UK at top* Visitors from UK, USA and France top visitors' charts, followed by Australia.* Shimla, Manali, Dharmshala , McLeodganj, Kasauli, Chail, Dalhousie, Keylong and Palampur were the most visited places last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390552", "title": "Jayalalithaa, Karuna condemn price hike", "text": "CHENNAI: Condemning the Centre's decision to hike the price of diesel and restrict the sale of subsidised LPG, chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Thursday urged the Congress-led UPA government to roll back the hike.\"If the UPA government is really concerned about the common people, it should immediately roll back the hike,\" she said in a statement. She said the hike will lead to a steep increase in the fares of autorickshaws and maintenance of private vehicles such as cars, vans and lorries.DMK chief M Karunanidhi expressed shock at the steep hike in the price of diesel. In a statement, he said: \"While the people were suffering due to high prices of essential commodities, the latest hike and restriction of LPG to families will lead to more misery. I have requested UPA chairperson Sonia Gandhi to convene a meeting of alliance partners and discuss the issue,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390073", "title": "\u2018Give details of garbage lifting\u2019", "text": "PATNA: The Patna high court on Thursday directed the PMC commissioner to file an affidavit on Friday giving areawise details of garbage lifting and cleaning in the city.Hearing a PIL of Sunil Kumar and others seeking improvement in civic condition in Patna, a division bench of Justice T Meena Kumari and Justice Chakradhari Sharan Singh remarked that if the PMC commissioner was not able to give details of area wise garbage lifting and cleaning, he would have to appear before the court everyday and list the action taken for the purpose.Petitioner's counsel Satyaranjan Sinha submitted that garbage is piled up at the block number 2 of Bahadurpur housing colony, affecting the environment.Malmas Mela: The high court directed the Patna division commissioner to file a counter-affidavit to a PIL challenging the move of the state government in fencing 2.08 acres of land in front of Rajgir circuit house and near the hot spring where the triennial Malmas fair is held.The bench issued the directive while hearing the PIL of one Chandra Prakash submitting that the Malmas fair is held after every three years and is religiously very important as people from across the country and also from Japan, Sri Lanka and China attend it. Fencing of the said land will adversely affect the move to organize the fair at this spot, petitioner Yogesh Chandra Verma submitted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "16390851", "title": "Uranium traces in water samples from Chetanpura", "text": "AMRITSAR: Traces of uranium in water samples taken from Chetanpura near Amritsar has taken the scientists by surprise, who have emphasized on taking preventive measures for protection against serious medical complications, including cancer.Professor Surinder Singh of the department of physics, Guru Nanak Dev University, told TOI on Thursday that while carrying out uranium studies in Punjab, they had found six out of 30 water samples with high uranium content from Chetanpura village alone. \"These are the initial findings. We have to ascertain the presence of uranium in water through other techniques before giving out the final results,\" he said.The GNDU department is carrying out a study on presence of uranium and other heavy metals in Punjab under a project given by Bhaba Atomic Research Centre (BARC), Mumbai. He said they found several cases of cancer, especially stomach and blood, in the region. \"Besides uranium, high content of toxic pesticides and fertilizers could be the reason behind the cancer outbreak,\" he said.Earlier, in 1995 the department had confirmed the presence of uranium and other heavy metals beyond permissible levels in the water samples taken from Bathinda. \"Government could have taken a decision in 1995 to install RO (reverse osmosis) systems which could have helped lower the damage to human beings,\" he said. Following GNDU's report, he added, many foreign laboratories conducted their own investigations in the region.Uranium estimation was carried out for some water samples collected from Bathinda and Amritsar in 1995, said Singh. The range of uranium concentration present in water samples taken from Bathinda was 11.71 to 113.70 microgram/liter, while in Amritsar it was found to be 11.78 to 20.23 microgram/liter of water. The university has now started a joint detailed study on uranium and other heavy metals in Punjab in collaboration with the Board of Research in Nuclear Sciences. The department was also conducting another study on Radon/Thoron and progeny measurements in the dwellings of Himachal Pradesh and high heat producing granitic regions of Tosham falling under the Bhiwani district of Haryana. The study would be carried out in 100 dwellings each of Toshan and some areas of Himachal Pardesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391292", "title": "Proposals for pedestrians fall by wayside", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Ten proposals out of pending 62 lying with the UT administration's engineering department and municipal corporation (MC) for the last one-and-a-half years, were for benefit of pedestrians. These 10 include those on zebra crossings across city, construction of an over-bridge for pedestrians between Rose Garden and Leisure Valley and construction of footpaths. M P S Chawla, a member of the traffic governing counsel, said the administration and the MC have failed to work on these. Harman Sidhu of an NGO working on road safety said, \"The administration should improve infrastructure for pedestrians and cyclists. Suitable pathways should be constructed across the city.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "16391504", "title": "Sugar factories heading for price war: experts", "text": "BELGAUM: Experts are predicting a price war among sugar industries in the district, a fallout of the drought.The district is the sugar bowl of the state. As many as 18 private and cooperative sugar industries are functioning in the district, and 10 more are in the pipeline Besides, many of the factories have increased their crushing capacity in recent years.The massive shortage of sugarcane has affected the functioning of the factories. According to sources in the agriculture department, sugarcane crop grown on more than 60,000 hectares has been affected due to scarcity of water this year. Raibag taluk was the most affected with 11,000 hectares followed by Gokak, Savadatti, Chikkodi, Bailhongal, Athani and Ramdurg taluks.Says M Prabhu, director of S Nijalingappa Sugar Institute Belgaum, \"around 40 per cent of sugarcane crop was affected due to drought. Many farmers ended up using the crop for fodder. Some even sold the crop to the district administration in the form of fodder. So factories were unable to work to full capacity during this season,\" he said. The shortage is likely to lead to a price war, he warned.Sugarcane expert and farmers' leader Mohan Shah said that last year factories in the district had crushed more than 1 crore 10 lakh tonnes of sugarcane, but this year total production was not more than 60 lakh tonnes. Factories from Maharashtra buy some percentage of the sugarcane from border taluks like Chikkodi, Athani and Raibag. This is also a major worry for farmers in the district. \"Factoring in all this we plan to push for Rs 3,500 per tonnes of sugarcane and Rs 2,500 in the first installment,\" Shah said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389852", "title": "Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation to run buses in 75 new routes", "text": "COIMBATORE: Bus travel in western Tamil Nadu is likely to get better with the Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation, Coimbatore division, introducing 173 new buses on 75 new routes. Of these, 99 buses will ply within Coimbatore city.On Tuesday, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had flagged off 1,000 new eco-friendly buses and introduced 379 new bus routes in the state. Coimbatore division, which comprises of areas in Erode, Coimbatore, Tirupur and Nilgiri districts, received 173 new buses for 75 new routes.The transport corporation was operating 1,510 buses within the Coimbatore city and to a few towns like Pollachi, Mettupalayam and Ooty. With the addition of new buses, the fleet strength will rise to 1,537 buses, V Babu, managing director, TNSTC, Coimbatore division, told TOI. He said 27 new routes have been included within the city this year to facilitate better services. The new routes were suggested based on public demand and the viability of the routes, he added.Of these, three are moffusil bus routes while 24 are town bus routes. The new moffusil routes include Pollachi-Tarapuram, Negammam- Poolavadi and Coimbatore-Ponamaravathi. The town services include Pollachi-Nachipalayam, Pollachi- Kumarapalayam, Gandhipuram- Mayleripalayam, Kovaipudur-Thudiyalur, Thondamuthur-Gandhipuram, Gandhipuram-Narasipuram, Gandhipuram-Kovaipudur-Gandhipuram, Ukkadam-Kannamplayam, Gandhipuram-Kannampalayam, Ukkadam-Peedampati, Gandhipuram-Pattinam, Gandhipuram-Pattinam, Gandhipuram-Arasur, Gandhipuram-Kovilpalayam, Annur-Karnampettai, Vagarayampalayam-Ukkadam, Thudiyalur-Podanur, Gandhipuram- Kovilpalayam, Mettupalayam- Kuppepalayam, Sowripalayam-Thennral Nagar, Flower Bazar to Flower Bazar via Town Hall, Gandhipuram and North Kovai.The buses will also be operated through Gandhipuram- Gandhipuram via Lakshmi Mills, Puliyakulam, and Town Hall and Pollachi-Vallakundapuram.In Tirupur district, the corporation would operate 22 new bus routes. Of these, as many as nine are in Tirupur and the rest in Avinashi, Kangayam, Dharapuram, Madathukulam and Udumalpet areas. Of the 38 buses, a maximum of eight each were allocated for Udumalpet and Dharapuram branches and the remaining were given to Tirupur-1, Tirupur-2, Palladam, Kangayam, Palani-1 and Palani-2 branches. In Erode, 36 new buses in 22 new routes will be launched.A senior official source said that even though moffusil bus service between Coimbatore and Ponamarvathi has started, rest of the buses will be operated in the phased manner. Bus bodies will be built in Pollachi whereas the chasis will be bought from Ashok Leyland and TELCO. A chasis costs Rs 12 lakh and construction of the body will cost Rs 7 lakh, which together takes the total cost of a bus to Rs 19 lakh, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16382292", "title": "An evening of panache and style", "text": "The who's who of the city witnesed the launch of Eternia, the dream housing project, by the real estate giant, Sanjay Kakade Group.Actor Karisma Kapoor, who graced the occasion, is also the ambassador of the project. She was impressed with the concept of the project. She expressed, \"The sample flat is beautifully done. I am sure it will be a great project. I too have a flat here now,\" she said adding, \"I am a Punekar by heart.\" It was an evening of style, luxury and opulence at its best with Sanjay and Usha Kakade playing the perfect hosts. The event was organised by Divikriaa. The guests who were present at the do were Subhash and Neelam Sanas, Makarand and Bhakti Chitale, Suku and Reshma Shah, Pramod and Pallavi Ranka, Ritu and Prakash Chhabria, Eshwar and Manju Parmar, Aanand and Darshana Jain, Punit and Seema Malhotra, Shyam Pancharia and Prashant Pednekar, Tejaswini Walvekar Beg, Vastupal and Sheetal Ranka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "16390094", "title": "Minister blames BJP for slow economic growth", "text": "AGARTALA: The Union minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena on Thursday alleged that the BJP's misleading campaign against the present government was responsible for the slowdown in the country's economic growth and inflow of investment.Talking to the media here on Thursday, Meena said opposition parties had sent a wrong message regarding political uncertainty to rest of the world, which ultimately affected the nation's economic growth, gross domestic product ( GDP ) and inflow of investment. He claimed that the Manmohan Singh-led UPA II had made improvements in the procedure of coal block allocation to ensure transparency in 2005 by taking several steps, including competitive bidding process. \"All the non-Congress chief ministers opposed the competitive bidding fearing that they will no longer have a say in the allocation of coal blocks. The UPA government offered monetary benefits in the entire sale proceeds from the auction to change their mind,\" Meena said.He also reiterated that the CAG report on coal block allocation was flawed because it did not seek the coal ministry's version before finalizing the report.Meena, however, accused the BJP-led NDA government of allocating captive coal blocks to 16 private companies besides, equal number of blocks to public sector companies between 1998 and 2004 without maintaining any transparent procedure.\"The CAG has now criticized the policy of coal block allocation, but the policy existed since 1993,\" Meena said, adding the BJP had been misleading the country by demanding the resignation of the Prime Minister on the coal block allocation issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391151", "title": "PMC may appoint pvt consultant forland acquisition", "text": "PUNE: The civic administration may appoint a consultant to acquire land for roads in the city.The proposal tabled by the civic administration states that the land acquisition process for the long-pending high capacity mass transit road (HCMTR) project is stuck due to \"inadequate staff\" with the civic administration. So, it suggests the process be carried out with the help of a consultant.The standing committee will take a final call on the proposal on Tuesday.The 34-km-long and 24-meter-wide HCMTR was first proposed in 1982. The proposal was later included in the PMC's development plan of 1987. In the last 20 years, the PMC has been able to acquire about 2.5 lakh sq m of land, but it is yet to acquire over 5.66 lakh sq m of land. Besides the HCMTR, the consultant will also help acquire land for other projects in the city. A total of 50 km land acquisition is proposed to be carried out with the help of consultant.The PMC had issued tenders for appointment of a consultant. Three agencies approached the PMC, out of which the one quoting lowest fees is selected for the work. The civic administration will pay around Rs 1 crore to the consultant. The work scope of the consultant will include paper works related to land acquisition process, measurement of land, measurement of properties alongside the proposed HCMTR and computerization of 'city survey sheets' and other works.For the 16 km route, the PMC will have to acquire land from private land owners. About 3.88 km length of the road passes through land owned by the irrigation department. The route also passes from Pune and Khadki cantonment areas as well as the forest department land. The elected members think that once the HCMTR is completed, over one lakh people will be able to travel by monorail and over 15 lakh vehicle owners will benefit.EOM/pk/ cleared - radhe", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gondia", "code": "16388501", "title": "Plea to audit PDS shops", "text": "GONDIA: Communist Party of India and other Left parties took out a morcha to the office of the sub-divisional officer to mark the national food security day on Tuesday. Besides other demands, they wanted introduction of the Food Security Bill.The morcha, led by CPI secretary Milind Ganvir passed through major streets of the town to reach the office of SDO and culminated into a public meeting. The meeting, addressed by Ganvir, Shekhar Kanojiya and Ramchandra Patil, stressed the need to pass the Food Security Bill and make the public distribution system more effective.The parties demanded to make social audit compulsory for fair price shop-keepers and 50% reservation to women while allotting such shops.The meeting was attended by Karuna Ganvir, Bhaiyalal Sahare, Chandraprakash Shende, P K Thakre, Charandas Bhave, Pralhad Ukey and Kewalchand Karwade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "16391252", "title": "Ex-CJI Ranganath Misra passes away", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Former Chief Justice of India, Ranganath Misra, who was undergoing treatment for a neurological disorder, died at a private hospital in Bhubaneswar on Thursday.The 85-year-old ex-CJI is survived by his wife Sumitra. Misra, served as the Chief Justice from September 25, 1990, till November 24, 1991. He was also the first chairman of the NHRC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rashmi is tough competition", "code": "16394738", "title": "Rashmi is tough competition: Rithvik Dhanjani", "text": "Rashmi is tough competition: Rithvik DhanjaniHe made his wild card entry along with Rashmi Desai and Karan Wahi on Colors TV's dance reality show, Jhalak Dikhhla Jaa. And since then, his performances have been very impressive.Rithvik Dhanjani continues to be a strong contender to win the title this season, as he finds his way into the top 5. But it's not easy as it looks. Rithvik works hard during his technical rehearsals, \"I rehearse in the nights and I don't sleep much. I've barely slept properly for the past seven -eight months. I even left my gym because of Jhalak . My sessions here have become my workout\".Besides, there is also tough competition. \"Isha Sharvani's dance is out of the world and she's a trained dancer. On a little lesser level, Rashmi Desai is big competition because she is fantastic! But how I look at the competition as a whole is if I've performed better than the previous week.In the end, it's only dancing that matters. \"I love dancing and I am a dancer at heart! Coming to the Jhalak stage, I'm learning the basics and the different dance forms. I just go all out on the stage. I've never learned dancing so our routine gets completed on the day of the shoot because I take a day to incorporate it\".All we can say, Rithvik can dance sala !", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391368", "title": "Ex-minister\u2019s bail rejected, but allowed hospital stay", "text": "MUMBAI: The Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court on Thursday rejected the bail plea of Suresh Jain, former housing minister and prime accused in the Rs 169 crore Jalgaon Municipal Corporation housing scam, but has allowed him to stay another three weeks in hospital.Jain has been in various hospitals since March 19, underwent a bypass surgery at Breach Candy and is now admitted to Jaslok hospital. He was arrested on March 10.Special public prosecutor Praveen Chavan said Justice M T Joshi, in his order, said the latest medical report did not mention any serious disease and Jain appeared normal. Jain's advocate Uday Lalit had pleaded that he be allowed to stay in hospital for another three weeks and the judge agreed.The court said that jail authorities had the power to take care of a prisoner's health condition and though the court has the power to pass an order to send an accused to hospital for medical treatment, it should be used in the rarest of rare cases, Chavan said.Jain's bail was rejected on the grounds that there exists a strong case against him and his deep involvement at various stages of the offence is established. The court said a number of witnesses had stated about the exact role played by Jain in the entire offence. Chavan said the court, in its order, also mentioned the hurdles created by the accused since the offence was registered. This included a law and order problem after the then municipal chief Pravin Gedam filed an FIR, threats of dire consequences issued to the investigating officer in open court, the attack on the Jalgaon civic surgeon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388712", "title": "Man held for trafficking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who allegedly trafficked several girls from West Bengal to run a prostitution racket in the capital has been arrested.Atiar Rehman was arrested after a joint police team from South 24 Parganas district of West Bengal, Delhi Police and the NGO Shakti Vahini raided a house in Kotla Mubarakpur in search of two minor trafficked girls. Rehman was identified by a 17-year-old victim who had accompanied the West Bengal police team to Delhi. According to West Bengal police sources, the victim provided the lead about the accused.She told cops that she was lured with the promise of marriage by a boy named Sabir who brought her to Delhi. On arriving in the capital, the victim was forcefully handed over to the accused Rehman. He kept her in a dingy room in Kotla Mubarakpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393953", "title": "Shoot at sight!", "text": "Avatar and Ra.One has left you dreaming? If you have the inclination and the right equipment, making a film with buddies on a shoestring budget is not such a big deal.The art of filmmaking has come a long way. Now with high-tech equipment readily available in the indigenous market, filmmaking is no longer confined to the privileged ones. At the ongoing film festival in the city, youngsters demonstrated a cheaper and easier way of filmmaking with gadgets readily available at hand.Abhinav Kumar , director at Animation Institute, shares, \"Movie making is one of the most flexible art forms. Either one can invest crores for special effects, crew and locales to produce a blockbuster or can spend one lakh per week to shoot with rented equipment, the traditional way.But now all you need to do is invest in a DSLR camera, that comes around Rs 50,000 and simply follow your heart. All you need is a PVC pipe to make a light stand. The light source can be created with LED bulbs, SFL or a halogen bulb depending on the ambience you want to capture. Once you arrange the lights, Dolly can be made through wooden ply and wheels of skates for smooth motion of the camera. You can buy a tripod to fix a digital camera that comes with DSLR and you are ready to shoot. More and more youngsters are finding the whole concept exciting enough to make a foray into filmmaking\" shares Abhinav.Santosh Rn Ojha, an expert in filmmaking tells us that the idea was conceived during annual fest of BIT Mesra. \"During the fest we come across students who were facing difficulties in shooting movies because of unavailability of all necessary equipment. We worked for months and came up with cheaper stuff. Besides the DSLR camera, the cost for the set comes around Rs15,000. While we shoot with hand-held cameras, we can make shoulder rig with PVC pipes and dumbbell weight for non-jerky and steady shoot. We hope it will be helpful for budding talents,\" said Ojha.We asked Dr. Chandra Prakash Dwivedi, an eminent filmmaker for his views on and quizzed him if he ever had to follow the unconventional root. \"I find the concept interesting and beneficial for budding talent. One really can't afford expensive stuff during the initial days. With the onset of digital technology filmmaking has really become a cake-walk. I notice lot of good content getting uploaded on the internet. I never tried to tread the unconventional path because my projects used to be so elaborate,\" he says.Youngsters at the stalls seemed visibly excited about the idea. Suraj Jha, student of Mass Communication from Central University of Jharkhand , said, \"I always wanted to be a filmmaker and thisfestival has proved very useful for people like us. Now, I can shoot a film effortlessly. I can notice a remarkable change in low budget cinema.\"Another student, Prince shared, \"I never thought filmmaking could be so feasible. The concept is good as it includes basic set up required to shoot a movie. The usage of LED bulb to create multiple source of lighting can avoid formation of sharp shadow that can be a good substitute of Kino Flo light used in traditional mode of shooting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16395110", "title": "South-west monsoon weak across most parts of Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Rainfall was widespread in one district; fairly widespread in one more; scattered in three; isolated in 12; and negligible in 13. South-west monsoon was normal in six districts; and weak in 24 districts. Rather heavy rain was recorded in one district; moderate rain in 11, light rain in five; very light rain in eight; and no rain in five, Bangalore based Karnataka State Natural Disaster Monitoring Centre (KSNDMC) stated.Rainfall over Karnataka in the above 24-hours is considered as isolated since 12% of the hoblis and gram panchayaths recorded rainfall greater than or equal to 2.5mm. Sampaje in Madikeri taluk of Kodagu district recorded maximum rainfall of 46.5mm in this period. Widespread, moderate rain was received in Udupi; and fairly widespread, moderate rain in Uttara Kannada.Scattered, moderate to rather heavy rain was received in Kodagu, Dakshina Kannada and Bangalore Urban districts; isolated, light to moderate rain in Shimoga, Hassan, Chikmagalur, Chitradurga, Mysore, Mandya, Davangere, Bellary, Raichur, Haveri, Tumkur and Ramanagara districts. Dry weather condition prevailed in remaining parts of the state.Karnataka for the period June 1 to September 14 has recorded deficit rainfall of 21%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 734mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state received 581mm rainfall. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on September 14, the four geographical regions of Karnataka received 1.1mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 4mm, a deficit of 73%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16391684", "title": "This van driver offers free service to pregnant women", "text": "MYSORE: This 35-year-old van driver who picks up and drops schoolchildren stands apart from other drivers, thanks to his social service.Behind his red van, Basavaraju K has put up a note, saying that he offers free service to pregnant women -- he gives a free ride for such women to hospital on their D-Day.Basavaraju said that he always wanted to help the needy in one way or the other. \"Some drivers do not care to ferry people during late-night hours. In such a situation, pregnant women and their families suffer. So I thought of offering my service,\" he added.Basavaraju, a BA graduate from Maharajas' Degree College, started his profession as a van driver 12 years ago. He started offering his free service for pregnant women only six months ago. So far, four have utilized the service. He maintains a diary to note down the name and contacts of the beneficiary's family.Recalling an incident, Basavaraju said he attended to a resident of Bogadi III Stage after receiving a call around 1.30am, and helped her get admitted to Cheluvamba Hospital. \"After some days, her husband came to me and shared the sweet news that they were blessed with a baby boy. He thanked me too.\"He has not given publicity of his service through any means. Those wanting to avail his services often note down the number that his van sports and summon him at the crucial hour. Many of those seeking the service are from Dasanakoppalu and Mandiketanahalli near Bogadi. Rajanna, a resident of Gangotri Layout, and whose wife was suffering from labour pain, had called Basavaraju. \"I was away when I received a call from my in-laws that my wife was developing pain. I summoned him to the place as I had noted down his number a few days ago. He was there even before I reached the place,\" he added.Basavaraju's wife, brothers and friends support him in his endeavour. \"If I'm busy dropping/ picking schoolchildren, I will inform my friends (auto drivers) who will attend to the needy,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389858", "title": "Young city poet proves the doctor does not always have the last word", "text": "COIMBATORE: French journalist Jean-Dominique Bauby published Diving Bell and the Butterfly in 1997. In this little, inspirational text, Bauby describes what his life was like before and after he suffered a stroke that left him with a condition called locked-in syndrome. The ailment had left Bauby, who was editor of the French Elle magazine , paralysed. He wrote the book by blinking his left eye on a letter, which would be noted down by an assistant, who would then conjoin them into words and sentences. In a process that took 200,000 blinks spread over 10 months, Bauby completed the book. A monument to human perseverance and will power , the book has since sold many millions and been translated into many languages.A Coimbatore boy is following in the footsteps of Bauby. Jethro Daniel, a 16-year-old, who is affected with cerebral palsy and microcephaly, both neurological disorders that have affected his movement of the limbs and ability to speak, is putting together a book of verse with the help of his parents. Jethro's effort to spell out his thoughts is no less taxing than what Bauby undertook. His father, Daniel Victor, a chartered accountant , sits with him and spreads the alphabet on the table. Jethro moves his body to the letters and, he or Jethro's mother, Latha, jots them down. Slowly, they organise the letters into words and, finally, the verse is formed.Daniel has compiled a dozen of Jethro's verses in a booklet, 'Don't Mess Around'. He plans to release it later this month. \"Most of his verses are on topics like hard work, love, humility and others. I later jotted down some comments,\" says Daniel. The title of the book, he adds, was chosen by Jethro himself.Daniel and Latha came to know of Jethro's ailment when they took him, a six-month-old baby then, to a doctor in Mumbai, where they used to live, for vaccination. The doctor noticed that Jethro did not move or turn the way children of his age would. A series of referrals with specialists in Mumbai followed and it was found that Jethro was affected with cerebral palsy and microcephaly. While cerebral palsy affects the movement of limbs, microcephaly is a condition where the head and the brain are smaller than usual. These are pre-natal defects, which may have been caused due to several reasons. A child with these conditions is at a disadvantage when compared to his peers. Doctors had told Daniel and Latha that Jethro would be no more than a 'vegetable'.However, Jethro proved them wrong. At four, he would move his upper body to the front to communicate 'yes' and move backwards for a 'no'. One day, Daniel accidentally realised that Jethro could identify the alphabet. \"He must have learnt by hearing from his sister (Rhoda, who is three years older). We don't have any explanation for that,\" he says.Doctors say most patients affected with cerebral palsy and microcephaly have low IQ. Rajesh Shankar Iyer, a neurologist at KG Hospital, says microcephally affects the brain. The therapists, who administer his care, have different assumptions. Sathiya Peter, a physiotherapist at Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH), says the affect may be to different portions of the brain. \"The parts of the brain affected in this boy, may be on the areas of the body which pushes to move and communicate. His intellect may be intact,\" he feels.Daniel and his family are no longer concerned with the medical reasons. They found it futile to check the cause of the ailment or seek cure, long ago. Now, their attention is to provide whatever is possible to enable their son to do what he wants. In a poem titled Mending, Jethro wrote: Extra effort is needed for good crop to grow/ Planting alone is not sufficient, all of us do know/ Weeding, mulching, tilling and manuring is quite what we do/ The rest is left to nature, all for it to do/ Soon the crop is yielded when such is quite our way/ And so it is with children, when we quite mend their ways.Daniel says Jethro wants to write a book some time later. \"Perhaps, we should think of that,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16391338", "title": "Sale of \u2018gutka\u2019 flares tempers", "text": "LUDHIANA: Model Town Extension: Piqued by the continuing sale of \" gutka\" despite a ban, concerned citizens gathered in Model Town Extension on Thursday and set hundreds of these packets on fire. Belonging to Akal Welfare Society, the Ludhianvis were protesting against the sale of \"gutka\" in front of Krishna Mandir. As the society members began their agitation, many locals joined them and seized the packets from vendors, reducing tobacco to ashes. Pakhowal Road resident Manjeet Singh, a 64-year-old builder, said, \"We saw a girl in her early 20s not only selling 'gutka' pouches outside the temple, but also consuming it. The sale of tobacco outside a shrine offensive. Moreover, it's also banned now. So we immediately collected the pouches from her and burned them. I hope the authorities keep a strict watch rather than waiting for the public to react.\" Also part of the group, 50-year-old Dimpy Chawla, a property dealer and resident of Model Town, said, \"Government has prohibited the sale of 'gutka', and as part of the society, we tried to do our bit by spreading the word.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389158", "title": "Rivals flex muscle on DUSU poll eve, security tightened", "text": "NEW DELHI: North Campus remained tense on the eve of Delhi University Students' Union polls, as student activists as well as outsiders removed posters of rival camps from the Wall of Democracy on Thursday. Around 1pm, NSUI activists were seen removing ABVP candidates' posters from the wall near Gate 4, opposite Arts Faculty. The two groups came to blows before DU security personnel intervened.While the students ripped posters, Delhi Police personnel merely looked on. In the last two days, three group fights broke out near Law Faculty despite presence of police on Chhatra Marg. \"Police stood by when students were pushing and shoving each other,\" said Mukund, a postgraduate student of Arts Faculty.For the elections, DU has deployed more than 45 observers who will go to different colleges to check for code violations. Chhatra Marg will be out-of-bounds for traffic on Friday and Saturday till the declaration of results. Only those with identity cards will be allowed to walk into the area cordoned off for voting. \"We have also placed more than 500 policemen on duty at the colleges,\" said a senior police officer.The vice-chancellor, pro-vice-chancellor and other senior DU officials will make rounds of morning colleges between 8.30am and 12.30pm, and visit evening colleges between 4pm and 8pm. Voting will happen in all 51 colleges affiliated with DUSU along with the elections of the college unions. \"The college security will monitor hostels and the campus to prevent untoward incidents,\" said Gaje Singh, chief of security.Deputy dean, physically handicapped category, Bipin Tiwari had issued notices to the colleges to place all polling booths on the ground floor and make them wheelchair accessible. \"Queuing for these students is strictly prohibited,\" said Tiwari.In the run-up to the polls, entire batches of party-backed contestants for the main four posts have been served show-cause notices for violation of the election code. The chief election officer, professor C S Dubey, says officials will not be able to come to a decision about these eight, or even the other three candidates who have been served notices, before the elections. \"A committee will have to be formed to scrutinize videos and pictures we have and decide. This can't happen in a day,\" said Dubey.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391675", "title": "Beeline at fuel pumps to save a few bucks", "text": "LUCKNOW: The decision of the Cabinet Committee on Political Affairs to increase price of diesel by Rs 5 would take the cost of diesel to at least Rs 49.05 per litre. The decision triggered panic among diesel consumers, forcing people to make a beeline outside petrol stations in a last minute effort to save a few bucks. After all, hike in diesel prices pinches most by affecting sectors like green grocery, milk, food grain and general transportation.This is in addition to the burden that would fall on the monthly budget on account of buying cooking gas at commercial rates. However, cooking gas agency owners and their association had no idea regarding the rate of the seventh cylinder. \"We are yet to get any information from the petroleum companies in this regard. But, the estimated price is expected to be around Rs 800 per cylinder,\" said Ajay Krishan Singh, manager of a gas agency.The decisions regarding diesel and cooking gas were strongly condemned by people from all walks of life in the city. \"The decision is historical, but it surely owes its genesis to some hysterical minds,\" said Priyam Agarwal, a hostel inmate who studies in a private coaching institute in the city. \"I get limited money from home and almost half of it is fuel expenses. This is unfair,\" he claimed. Chhavi Bhagwani, an interior designer said, \"The decision would throw the expenditure on fuels out of gear. I am a field worker and travel about 40 kilometres in a day. This will severely hit my budget.\"Manju Mishra, a housewife who has a joint family of 10 members said, \"We consume two LPG cylinders in a month and around 24 cylinders in a year. As per the present decision, we will have to purchase 18 cylinders at their commercial price. This is ridiculous.\" She added that the family will have to resort to 'austerity measures' to strike a balance between income and expenditure. Ragini Singh said that the decision taken by the CCPA was a double attack on the household.\"It creates a ripple effect that adds bit by bit to one's household economy. Each time fuel prices go up, vendors start demanding for a hike in whatever they sell. For instance, the milkman would increase per litre price of milk because his spending on commuting has gone up. The vegetable vendor would rue that he is burdened with additional expenditure on conveyance and compel us to pay more. And believe me, the spending on vegetables has gone up drastically in the last few years,\" she said.Not just people from all walks of life, but representatives from the UP Petrol Traders' Association (UPPTA) expressed unhappiness over the hike.\"Is petroleum the only sector to fill government coffers?\" questioned Sudhir Bora, a senior office-bearer.Political parties and trader associations also condemned the decision and have threatened to stage demonstrations against it. The ruling Samajwadi Party has decided to hold protests at district level across the state.SP spokesperson, Rajendra Chaudhary said, \"This will adversely hit the farmers who are reeling under heavy inflation. The Centre should revoke its decision.\" Similarly, the BJP would burn the effigies of the senior leaders of the UPA government. In a press statement, BJP state president Laxmikant Bajpayi said, \"UPA government is the enemy of the common man.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16394428", "title": "HC slams Mumbai Police for arresting cartoonist for sedition", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay high court on Friday slammed Mumbai Police for arresting cartoonist Aseem Trivedi on \"frivolous\" grounds and \"without application of mind\", saying its action breached his freedom of speech and expression.\"How can you (police) arrest people on frivolous grounds? You arrest a cartoonist and breach his liberty of freedom of speech and expression,\" a division bench of justices DY Chandrachud and Amjad Sayyed said while hearing a PIL filed by lawyer Sanskar Marathe claiming Trivedi's arrest was illegal and unjustified.The Kanpur-based cartoonist, arrested last Saturday on sedition charges, was released two days back after the high court granted him bail amid mounting public outrage.Observing that Trivedi's arrest was prima facie \"arbitrary\", the court said, \"We have one Aseem Trivedi who was courageous enough to raise his voice and stand against this, but what about several others whose voices are shut by police.\"Noting that the police would have to satisfy the court as to how the sedition charge was applied against the young cartoonist, the judges said they intended to lay down certain parameters for application of the law of sedition.\"If there are no parameters there will be serious encroachment of a person's liberties guaranteed to him in a civil society,\" the bench said.It said the sedition law was a pre-independence provision when government wanted protection from the citizens.\"What is the government's stand now? Does it intend to drop the charge? someone has to take political responsibility for this. Why did the police not apply its mind before arresting him on sedition charges,\" the court wanted to know.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391725", "title": "Fire chars first floor of LIC building", "text": "LUCKNOW: A major fire, the cause of which remained unknown till the time of filing report, charred the first floor of the Life Insurance Corporation building located in Hazratganj, late Thursday evening. Fortunately, no one received injury nor any casualty was reported as the fire broke out much after the office hours. Inspector Ashok Varma has put Tulsi outpost in charge on the job of probing what caused the fire.Information about the fire first reached the officers through an internal alarm system the moment smoke started billowing out of the first floor. Senior LIC officials soon informed the fire brigade whose personnel rushed to the building promptly. Three fire tenders were pressed into service and it took them around an hour to douse the flame, which by then had charred the first floor of the LIC office completely.The first floor of the building houses LIC's development office. The intense fire destroyed even the false ceiling beyond repair. Though the exact cause of fire is still not known, chief fire officer Ramdhari Singh Yadav told TOI that short-circuit could be one of the reasons. \"It was night time when the fire broke out and there couldn't be any cause other than short circuit,\" said the CFO, adding that the cause was still not clear.Incidentally, the same day, a CBI team conducted raids at around nine places in Uttar Pradesh at various offices of the LIC, excluding Lucknow.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388462", "title": "Youth held for molesting minor girl", "text": "NAGPUR: 22-year-old Govinda Kamble was arrested for molesting a 14-year-old girl under the jurisdiction of Sonegaon police station on Wednesday afternoon.Kamble, a resident of Martin Nagar, had gone to the girl's house in absence of her parents. After reaching there, Kamble asked for a cup of tea. Following this, the victim sent her younger sister to buy milk from a nearby shop. As soon as the younger sister stepped out of the house, Kamble misbehaved with the victim. However, the girl's screams alerted the neighbours who rushed to rescue her. Residents thrashed Kamble and handed him over to Sonegaon police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388883", "title": "Parent's 'suicide' SMS lands him in trouble", "text": "NAGPUR: A parent's desperate SMS to education officials has landed him in trouble with the cops. Pramod Bhagchandani had filed a complaint with the education department against his nine-year-old son Yash's school. Frustrated due to lack of progress in his case, Bhagchandani sent SMSes to department authorities last month, saying he will \"kill\" his son if things do not move soon.What Bhagchandani meant by the SMS was that he would commit suicide along with his son if the concerned school continued to refuse them admission. Though the lengthy SMS had used the word 'suicide' as well, it was the 'kill' message that pushed the panic button across the education department.Someshwar Netam, education officer and Right To Education (RTE) in charge, said, \"We were worried when the message arrived. Our seniors immediately decided to pursue the matter and the police were notified.\" Another education official said that the second half of the message implied that Bhagchandani was going to murder his son, hence the urgency shown by officials.On August 19, Bhagchandani was summoned to Jaripatka police station, where he signed a written statement that the decision to commit suicide was taken since his son was not being promoted to the next class in Mahatma Gandhi Centennial School. Bhagchandani said, \"My son gave his std IV exam this summer but his result was held back by the school citing poor performance. It is September now and my son is still sitting at home.\" Bhagchandani also said he is \"changing his suicide plan for now\".After the SMS incident, education officials acted against the school by removing the principal. Deepak Bajaj, secretary of the society that manages the school, says they are being targeted unfairly. \"The child was studying in std IV of our primary school and we end it there. Every student is then required to take TC and apply for admission to our secondary level school. Yash did not have minimum proficiency required in two subjects, and as per state government law he is required to take another test, which his father never allowed. Also, he did not apply for admission before the last date, so how is it our fault? We have approached the court and the matter will be heard next week,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390762", "title": "CPM prepares for Oct 1 showdown", "text": "KOLKATA: After Kolkata Police and the chief minister's office denied CPM the permission to hold a meeting near Victoria House in Esplanade, the party on Thursday said it will organize the 3-lakh strong rally at Rani Rashmoni Road on October 1.The CPM had planned this gathering to counter the mammoth turnout at Trinamool Congress's July 21 rally at Victoria House. CPM central committee member Gautam Deb has already written to the chief minister to reconsider their decision and allow a five-member delegation to meet her to submit a deputation that day.Deb, who now also heads the party's North 24-Parganas district unit, said, \"If Trinamool Congress can hold a rally there, why aren't we allowed? I hope police will be able to made adequate arrangements at Rani Rashmoni Avenue for nearly 3 lakh people who will attend the rally that day.\"Though the meeting has been called by the CPM, senior Left Front ministers Asok Ghosh, Manju Majumdar and Kshiti Goswami will attend the meeting along with former chief minister Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee and Left Front chairman Biman Bose, according to Deb. The only reassuring statement from Deb on the week-day rally at Esplanade was, \"We will try to finish the rally by 4:30pm so that office commuters are not affected.\" The Trinamool rally was held on a Saturday.The meeting, Deb indicated, will also honour nearly 50 families who have either lost their kin or rendered homeless due to the spate of political attacks on CPM supporters after Trinamool government came to power. \"Over the past several months, 30,000 CPM workers have reached out to nearly 1.5 crore people and collected close to Rs 5-crore to support these victims. We intend to support these Sahid Parivars by providing Rs 1 lakh each to these 50 families,\" Deb said.\"This rally is a culmination of the political programmes we'd undertaken in the district. A bulk of people at the rally would be from districts, though others too may attend,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391415", "title": "New model to include stamp paper vendors", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as it plans to phase out revenue stamp papers, the state has said that all stamp paper vendors will be accommodated in the new payment model.Revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat told TOI that he has already discussed the reform with the stamp vendors' association. The revamp will begin with the introduction of a new model where authorized banks will collect stamp payments on behalf of the state. The institutions will issue an instrument called Electronic Secure Bank and Treasury Receipt to customers,which will work as a stamp paper.The next step will be phasing out traditional stamp papers and franking and e-stamping. The exact modalities of the role of vendors in the model are being worked out. A stamp vendors' association member said though vendors are not opposed to the idea, they need clarity on the model and the phasing out plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394088", "title": "Facebook beats Google in advertisement revenue from browsing", "text": "Facebook is doing a better job than Google in getting web surfers to click on advertising based on browsing history, according to partners using the social network's ad service that debuted in June.Facebook Exchange, or FBX, generates as much as four times the return on ad dollars than other real-time bidding systems, said Triggit, which makes software tools to help Facebook deliver the ads.Another partner, AdRoll, said advertisers used to getting $10 for every $1 they spend are making $16 for every dollar spent on FBX. Attracting more advertisers is critical for Facebook, which has seen its stock drop 45% since its IPO in May.That's partly because of concerns over the world's largest social network's ability to generate sales from users who are active on smartphones and tablets. \"As more advertisers start to see the results we've been seeing, they will be willing to spend more money on Facebook,\" Zach Coelius, CEO of San Francisco-based Triggit said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16390890", "title": "Young Yuki Bhambri gears up for Davis Cup challenge", "text": "BANGALORE: India's No.1 player, 20-year-old Yuki Bhambri, who'll have to shoulder the weight in India's Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Group I relegation tie against New Zealand, refused to take on any extra pressure, saying team competition was never about an individual player, for a team to pull through every member of the side must weigh in.The Delhi-based pro, ranked a career-best 179, is part of a new-look team that includes the big-serving Vishnu Vardhan, Sanam Singh and Divij Sharan. The foursome will look to stop the little-known Kiwis, whose side includes Jose Statham (no. 334) and Daniel King-Turner (no. 379).Yuki said, \"I'm not thinking about leading the challenge or being the team's or country's no.1 player. The way I see it, in Davis Cup you need to win three out of five matches for the team to pull through. At the end of the day, it's just another tennis match that you need to win, there's no other way to approach it.\"The gifted Yuki, just two ties old, will get no on-site assistance from senior pros. Bangalore duo Rohan Bopanna and Mahesh Bhupathi have been slapped with disciplinary action for issuing an Olympic ultimatum to the Anil Khanna-led All India Tennis Association. Somdev Devvarman , who is still recovering from shoulder surgery, is yet to attain required match fitness. India's Davis Cup veteran Leander Paes picked club over country, preferring to play for his World Team Tennis outfit Washington Kastles rather than turn up for national duty.Yuki, who will play two singles in the tie, said the senior players wouldn't be missed this time. \"The last 10-15 years, the doubles point was always secure. This time we'll have to work a little harder to ensure we win. This is a tie (against New Zealand) that I think we can handle on our own. We're practised and prepared and are up to the challenge.\"Yuki, who started the year around the 350 mark and has jumped almost 200 slots since, said he was a more complete player today than twelve months ago.The DrawFriday:Yuki Bhambri vs Daniel King-Turner, followed by Vishnu Vardhan vs Jose StathamSaturday:Vishnu &amp; Divij Sharan vs Michael Venus &amp; Artem SitakSunday:Yuki vs Statham, followed by Vishnu vs King-Turner.AITA demands more money for players from government :All India Tennis Association (AITA) on Monday urged the government to increase the financial help being given to its players from Rs 3 crore to Rs 5 crore and also demanded that the benefit be extended to juniors as well. AITA president Anil Khanna said the body has drafted a proposal, which will be submitted to the sports ministry soon.It will be only the second time in the last 18 years that the Indian Davis Cup team will have neither Leander Paes nor Mahesh Bhupathi in the line-up. The last time was the World Group first round tie against top seeds Serbia in March, 2011. India lost that tie 1-4 to get back to World Group play-offs. Paes made his Davis Cup debut in 1990 and Bhupathi in 1995.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "16391255", "title": "VS, Sudheeran criticize Ahluwalia", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Opposition leader V S Achuthanandan and Congress leader V M Sudheeran have criticized planning commission deputy chairman Montek Singh Ahluwalia's call to move out of traditional paddy cultivation and to amend the land lease laws in favour of small holdings.Both Achuthanandan and Sudheeran said Ahluwalia's statement would only benefit the land mafia in the state.\"The people of Kerala will reject this call with utmost contempt. This will only help the land mafia grab land. It is not acceptable to us and to the law of the state,\" said Achuthanandan.Sudheeran said Ahluwalia's call would strengthen the hands of the land mafia.\"Paddy lands in the state are already facing extinction. The statement made by Ahluwalia will only help land grabbers. He should hence immediately withdraw his statement,\" said Sudheeran. At the Emerging Kerala summit, Ahluwalia had said Kerala should move on from its insistence on traditional paddy cultivation and shift to value-added agriculture.Both the leaders also criticized Ahluwalia's statement that Kerala should not have a separate food security scheme as the Centre has already announced one.Sudheeran said for protecting the state's interest, Kerala should have its own food security scheme. He also criticized the Centre for sanctioning the Aranmula airport and for permitting reclamation of paddy land for this purpose.He urged the Centre to immediately reconsider the decision.RSP state secretary A A Azeez said this was an attempt to hand over land to the mafia in the backdrop of Emerging Kerala.\"Ahluwalia's statement will help the corporates who want to set up industries after reclaiming paddy lands,\" he said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16389243", "title": "Discom officials to visit field for complaint redressal", "text": "CHANDIGARH: To ensure proper interaction with consumers and timely redressal of their complaints, officials Haryana power discom UHBVN have been asked to visit their field areas frequently. The directors, chief engineers, superintending engineers, executive engineers, sub-divisional officers and junior engineers will visit their areas frequently.A roster of their tour programme will soon be displayed on the discom's website. Superintending engineers, executive engineers and sub- divisional officers have been asked to visit three villages, while junior engineers will have to cover all villages in a month's time.Each of them will interact with the public and redress their grievances on the spot. The record of the pending complaints for subsequent redressal will be maintained by them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "16390784", "title": "Celiac disease testing facility at SMS &amp; JK Lon hospitals soon", "text": "JAIPUR: Six-year-old Shadab cannot eat wheat and wheat products. The sad parents knew about their son's condition when he was two after doctors diagnosed him with the celiac disease . The disease is widely known as wheat allergy in India.It is a digestive disease that damages the small intestine and interferes with absorption of nutrients from food. People who have celiac disease cannot tolerate gluten, a protein in wheat, rye, and barley. Gluten is found mainly in foods but may also be found in everyday products such as medicines, vitamins, and lip balms.\"He cannot eat wheat. Whenever, he eats a product containing wheat, he suffered from various health-related problems, including upset stomach,\" Shadab's father, Mohammad Akhtar, said.Shadab is one of the hundred of such children who came to JK Lon Hospital to take benefit of celiac disease awareness camp organized on the occasion of Celiac Awareness Day on Thursday.The disease is an immunologically mediated small intestine enteropathy in genetically susceptible individuals, according to JK Lon Hospital superintendent Dr S D Sharma.\"In Rajasthan the incidence of celiac disease is approximately 1%. The disease is not spreading like any epidemic because of increasing awareness and easy diagnostic blood test,\" Dr Sharma said.He said in the past 10 years, treatment was provided to around 1,500 children suffering from celiac disease in the hospital. Soon JK Lon and SMS hospitals will get the facility of testing celiac disease. SMS medical college additional principal Dr R K Surekha confirmed that facility for testing for celiac disease would soon be opened in both the hospitals.Doctors said the growth of a child suffering from the disease is badly affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16390635", "title": "Narendra Modi \u2018powers\u2019 farmers with interest sop ahead of polls", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Chief minister Narendra Modi , who set off on his Vivekananda Yuva Vikas Yatra from Becharaji in north Gujarat on Tuesday, just a couple of months ahead of the assembly elections, announced major benefits for farmers in view of crop failures due to a delayed monsoon. He announced a 50% relief on farmers' electricity bills and committed to waiving interest on agricultural loans for a year, at tribal-dominated Unai and Vansda in Navsari district on Thursday afternoon.The chief minister also said that a large number of people would get houses this year, under the BPL housing scheme to be brought out by his government. Asking for the tribal community's support for the BJP, Modi promised that the next decade would be a golden decade for those living in the vicinity of the tribal corridor of Gujarat \u2014 which stretches from Ambaji to Umargam.He said, \"Congress has blackened its face in the Rs 2 lakh crore coal scam. The AICC now stands for All India Coal Congress. For it, Adivasi pride is not important, but we do care. That is why we are backing this golden corridor project.\"With 1,000 two-wheelers and 200 four-wheelers in his cavalcade, Modi stopped at Dharampur, Mota Pondha , Sanjan, Vapi, Pardi and Valsad on the first day of his two-day yatra in south Gujarat.Modi said the Congress is asking why is he taking Swami Vivekananda's name? \"What is wrong if BJP decides to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Swami Vivekananada?How can those people complain who were caught campaigning in Bihar wearing Bin Laden masks?\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16393835", "title": "IAF to buy for 20 more Hawk AJTs for aerobatics", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Air Force is planning to induct 20 more Hawk Advanced Jet Trainer (AJT) aircraft from the British BAE Systems for its aerobatic team Surya Kiran which has been grounded since last year.The Surya Kiran team, which was using the Kiran Mk II aircraft, had to be grounded last year due to requirement of its planes for training Air Force?s cadets.\"BAE Systems has received a Request for Proposal (RFP) from Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL) for a potential order to supply products and services for the manufacture of 20 Hawk Advanced Jet Trainer (AJT) aircraft.\"The aircraft, to be built by HAL in Bangalore, will fullfil the Indian Air Force's requirement for its prestigious aerobatic team,\" BAE Systems said in a release on Friday.The HAL carries out the licence production of the British-origin aircraft for the IAF at its facilities in Bangalore.With this order, the number of Hawks on order by the IAF would be 143.India had first signed a deal for 66 Hawks in 2004 and then about two years back, placed an order for 57 more of which 17 would be used by the Navy for its training purposes.Commenting on the development, BAE MD International Guy Griffiths said, \"This is a tremendous opportunity to build on the success of Hawk in India.\"Together with HAL, we look forward to giving the Indian Air Force's display team a fantastic aircraft.\" The procurement for these 20 additional Hawks for the Surya Kiran team was cleared by the Defence Acquisition Council (DAC) headed by defence minister A K Antony last year in November.The cost of the Hawk project, which is likely to be completed in next four to five years, is expected to be more than Rs 20,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390052", "title": "All panchayats to have own buildings: CM", "text": "PATNA: The first ever training and workshop of the representatives of three-tier panchayati raj institutions was marred by chaos, commotion, slogan-shouting and shrieking voices of protest during the speech of CM Nitish Kumar and others here on Thursday.The mukhiyas, sarpanchs, panchs, district board chiefs and other elected members of the panchayat were demanding their rights, powers, remunerations and other privileges, sovereignty of gram sabha and total decentralization of powers.Their protests forced the CM to sit for some more time and invite some of the vocal representatives to speak but even some of them were booed, jeered and hooted. The panchayat representatives were in no mood to listen to the speeches rather they wanted an assurance about their rights and powers.The S K Memorial Hall was full to its capacity but it was in disorder as the representatives were on their toes to create ruckus and shout at each other showing disunity among themselves. This led CM to comment that they were being misguided by some elements (read RJD).Ignoring their protest, Nitish continued his speech while the commotion lasted for a few minutes. The CM announced that his government had decided to construct Panchayat Sarkar Bhavan in each of the 8,442 panchayats, each costing Rs 82 lakh as per revised estimate.\"We are through an agreement with the World Bank to get loan for this project which will soon be inked. Initially, the WB is giving loan for the construction of about 1,400 buildings which will cost Rs 1,213 crore. But the Panchayat Sarkar Bhavans will be constructed in each panchayat,\" Nitish announced.The bhavans will be sort of panchayat secretariat which will house the offices of all the elected representatives as well as courtroom for gram kutchery and space for gram sabha besides panchayat secretary and 'Halka' staff. The CM also said the panchayats and local bodies would be given power as well as resources to get their works done. He said it was just the beginning and the panchayats would get more responsibilities in near future.One of the mukhiyas, Mohan Mukul from Muzaffarpur district, alleged negligence of gram sabha in selection of BPL and IAY beneficiaries and implementation of certain schemes and said the government agencies should not interfere with sabha's authority. He said all local schemes should be decided by the sabha. He also lamented the institution of criminal cases against over a thousand mukhiyas and also the removal of 87 mukhiyas in Muazaffarpur district alone on charges of corruption.Khagaria district board chairperson Krishna Kumari Yadav demanded immediate creation of engineering works divisions for the implementation of schemes.Panchayat raj minister Bhim Singh said panchayats were being given responsibilities as well as accountabilities. He said panchayats performing well would also be awarded and recommended for national awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389946", "title": "Navy officers interact with students", "text": "BHOPAL: As part of awareness drive undertaken by the Indian Navy to educate students in Bhopal on the role of the Indian Navy, senior Navy officers from Indian naval warship Beas of Navy's Western Fleet based, Mumbai, visited various city-based schools and colleges.Lieutenant Commander Akshat Jaiswal and Lieutenant Arpit Verma interacted with the students and talked about the role, training, recruitment procedure, facilities among others. Their interaction included a brief presentation, movie clips and an interactive session with the students.The officers visited various educational institutions, including Maulana Azad National Institute of Technology (MANIT), Sant Hirdaram Girls College, Kopal Institute of Science and Technology, Delhi Public School, Bal Bhawan School, Mother Teresa Senior Secondary School and Kopal Senior Secondary School. \"The target audience of the interaction was third and final year engineering under-graduate of colleges and class XI and XII students of school,\" said Lieutenant Arpit Verma.\"The informative presentation by officers was to ensure that the students become more aware about the Navy and also to motivate them to join it,\" Lt Verma said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16393807", "title": "Final decision on Educity project still pending", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The fate of Educity project too hangs in the balance as a final decision is yet to be taken on further development of the project. It is located in Sarangpur on Chandigarh's boundary with Punjab.\"The project is located in Mullanpur road and if planned properly, it could have become an inter-disciplinary hub with Institute of Management and an Institute of Design planned in the second phase.Though other mega projects such as Multimedia-cum-Film City and Amusement-cum-Theme Park hit the dust due to allegations of financial irregularities, Educity has failed to generate encouraging response from private institutes in the region.In 2009, two institutes signed the Memorandum of understanding to get licence for setting up campuses there but a long list of those shortlisted earlier have backed out.It was primarily due to the tough conditions laid down, which were not in contradiction to the norms of All India Council for Technical Education. The norms require that either the company should own the land or it should be given to it for a longer lease period of 99 years.When rules for the Education City were finalised, the lease period was limited to 33 years to gauge the performance of the parties and extend the arrangement only for the deserving ones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16390993", "title": "BSY, Ananth Kumar slug it out over garbage", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa has decided to get his hands dirty with the city's unresolved garbage problem, he's also picked up a fight with arch rival, BJP national general secretary H N Ananth Kumar over the same issue.With Yeddyurappa on Tuesday holding a meeting with BJP legislators and ministers representing Bangalore city on garbage disposal, Kumar on Wednesday is said to have lashed out at N Subba Narasimha (Subbanna), Bangalore city unit chief of BJP, for organizing this event.The MP from Bangalore South constituency reportedly questioned even deputy chief minister R Ashoka and health minister Aravind Limbavali on why the meeting was arranged when the former CM had nothing to do with Bangalore. While Bangalore Central MP PC Mohan was present, Kumar chose not to attend the meeting chaired by Yeddyurappa. \"Subbanna was at the receiving end for coordinating the meeting,\" sources told TOI.Unfazed by Kumar's action, Yeddyurappa engaged a helicopter and flew to Salem in Tamil Nadu on Thursday and spent nearly three hours studying its garbage disposal system. Legislators B N Vijayakumar, Ramachandra Gowda, Limbavali, M Satish Reddy, N S Nandiesh Reddy and S R Vishwanath accompanied Yeddyurappa.Sources said Yeddyurappa, highly impressed with the Salem system, called chief minister Jagadish Shettar and Ashoka and asked them to send a team of officials to study the scheme and replicate it in Bangalore. \"The former CM was actually planning to visit Salem on Friday or Saturday, but Kumar's remarks made him advance the plan and send a message that he still calls the shots,\" sources said.Following inputs from legislators B N Vijayakumar and Ramachandra Gowda, the former CM had announced on Tuesday that he'd visit Salem to get first-hand information about its garbage disposal system.Filed by anil/ cleared by asha/es", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16390110", "title": "Engg colleges rope in PROs to sell seats", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: After getting a breather from the AP high court on management quota admissions, the private engineering colleges are going all out to lure students as many of them face the threat of closure. While a few top colleges, which have already sold the management quota seats, are going to benefit due to the HC ruling which stayed online admissions, the other colleges are also trying to take advantage of the court order.According to sources, many colleges appointed public relations officers to market the seats in the rural areas. Although nearly 2.07 lakh students have qualified in the Eamcet, only 1.39 lakh students turned up for certificate verification which means that nearly 70,000 students did not prefer joining the engineering stream in the state. Curiously, there are more than 3.3 lakh seats in about 750 engineering colleges. While about 2.4 lakh seats would be filled through counseling by the Eamcet convenor, another 90,000 seats are available in the management quota.With more than one lakh seats in the convenor quota unlikely to find any takers, chances of management quota seats getting filled are remote. According to industry experts, about 5000-6000 management quota seats in a handful of top colleges were already filled and other colleges have to struggle to find students. Sources said that the college managements have already gathered information about the Eamcet qualifiers from their own region and sending marketing agents to pursue their parents.The managements are hopeful of getting at least a few admissions through marketing of seats as there are nearly 70,000 candidates who did not appear for certificate verification. \"Many of these students dropped out of engineering in the wake of government's delayed decision on fee reimbursement. They might have decided to go for ordinary degrees expecting fee burden in the coming years when government fully backs out from paying fees,\" observed M Krishna, director of a reputed engineering college. Sources said that the managements of not so popular private colleges, who face closure, deputing PROs to convince the parents with a promise to provide 'free' education.Since the government promised to reimburse a fee of Rs 35,000 for all the eligible students from BPL families, the managements wanted to take advantage of the system.\"There are no students even to pay the fee leave alone donations. At least a few admissions under management quota will allow us to run the show for another year,\" confirmed the director of an engineering college near Nandigama.Since the management quota seats could be filled even with intermediate qualifiers, the managements first set their eyes on the Eamcet qualifiers. In addition to providing free education, managements promising stars to the students to get them enrolled for admission. In addition to assuring four-year free education, a few colleges have even promising discounts on mess charges and boarding facility. Similar to money circulation system, a few managements reportedly offering free mess for those students, who get at least another two of his friends enrolled in the college. Since there was no online system to monitor the merit-based admissions, the managements were taking full advantage to survive for one more year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391446", "title": "Maharashtra makes retrieval of organs easier", "text": "MUMBAI: In a major attempt to spur organ donations, the Maharashtra government has allowed \"non-transplant hospitals equipped with an ICU and operation theatre\" to retrieve organs and made it mandatory for them to officially identify brain dead patients.The state on Thursday passed four resolutions based on the Human Organ Transplantation Act, 1994. The first mandates certification of \"brain dead condition\" by a \"Brain Stem Death Committee\". It's duty will be to confirm if a patient is brain dead and, if so, to inform the Zonal Transplantation Coordination Committee.\"The ZTCC, after obtaining relatives' consent to retrieve the brain dead person's organs, will arrange for them to be sent for transplantation as per the waiting list,\" said an official.The second resolution details who will be in a Brain Stem Death Committee. It says the panel should comprise the doctor in charge of the hospital, a physician or surgeon, an interventionist, a neurologist or neurosurgeon, and the registered medical practitioner treating the patient. \"If a hospital does not have a neurosurgeon, it can avail the service of one from another panel,\" said an official.Another notification permits non-transplant hospitals with an ICU and an operation theatre to remove organs once a patient is certified as brain dead. At present, Maharashtra has 94 registered transplant centres, of which 27 are in Mumbai. The relaxation of rules is expected to go a long way in boosting cadaver (post-death) organ donations. Officials said the public health department was earlier considering insisting on a minimum number of beds as the condition for enlisting hospitals\u2014like Tamil Nadu\u2014but forewent it for ICU and OT facilities.The last order makes it compulsory for hospitals registered under the Human Organ Transplantation Act to maintain records of transplant surgeries, the counselling department and the transplant coordinator. \"It will also have to ensure positive publicity for successful cases,\" said another official.Dr Sujata Patwardhan, the secretary of the Zonal Transplant Coordination Committee, welcomed the resolutions, saying they are likely to add to the pool of organ donors. \"Currently, 29 hospitals in the city are registered with the ZTCC and thereby authorised to carry out transplants. But only eight of them are actively doing it.\" Dr Patwardhan cautioned that the logistics in transporting organs from retrieval to transplant centres are still to be worked out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16389007", "title": "Conference on marketing today", "text": "INDORE: A two-day conference on Information Technology (IT) will begin at Prestige Institute of Management and Research on Friday. The topic will be 'IT enabled marketing practices for global business organization.' It will be divided into two technical sessions, two concurrent sessions and a valedictory session.A video conference session will be conducted by professor Azhar Kazim of King Fold University, Saudi Arabia. Shailesh Jain will conduct a session on cloud computing. It will be presided over by Dr Davish Jain, vice-chairman, Prestige Education society.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388628", "title": "GDCH takes up fight against chewing tobacco", "text": "NAGPUR: Government Dental College and Hospital (GDCH), Nagpur, which played a major role in bringing a ban on gutkha, is now focusing on other tobacco products through its tobacco cessation programme. The hospital is working towards collection of data related to tobacco habits among various population groups, like women, schoolchildren and labourers, and the effects on their health. This data will be passed on to the government agencies.The hospital has started a counselling centre in its premises after surveying tobacco consumption among unskilled workers of the city. They aim to make the government take some action against the manufacture and sale of these products. Soon, another group of interns will be undertaking similar surveys on other sets of people.\"The survey included 310 unskilled workers of the city and was done by 12 interns under the interns' module as per guidelines of Dental Council of India to take up activities of social relevance and mass awareness,\" said dean Dr Vinay Hazarey. He said that along with medication and treatment, a holistic, spiritual approach has to be taken to bring about behavioural changes among the addicts.The hospital has taken the help of renowned psychiatrist Dr Sudhir Bahve and head of psychiatry department of NKP Salve Institute of Medical Sciences to teach interns how to deal with addicts and their families.\"We found that many workers, despite knowing all dangers, were not scared by the prospect of having some fatal disease as a result of tobacco consumption,\" said Dr Shridhar Limbiar, an intern associated with the survey.Coordinator of the training module Dr Ravi Athawale said, \"Those who did want to give up the habit had no idea how to do it or whom to approach about it. More than a third of them had some precancerous condition, like difficulty in opening mouth and swallowing, or white patches in mouth, which could transform into cancer.\" He said that most of the labourers hooked to the habit were between the ages of 20 and 40. Many middle-aged women are also getting hooked to this habit, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388824", "title": "SHOs ordered to man \u2018house\u2019, forget home six days a week", "text": "NEW DELHI: A new order by the police commissioner to enforce discipline has left many policemen fuming. Commissioner Neeraj Kumar, in a three paragraph order, has asked all SHOs of Delhi to remain at their police stations at night for at least six days of the week. They will be allowed to visit home only once a week after informing seniors and obtaining their permission. Emergency requests will be approved by DCPs or additional CPs. The circular comes after a rapid rise in crime over a month.\"This decision is utterly arbitrary. We usually stay at the police station every third day while the inspectors (investigations), who generally act as additional SHOs and ATOs (anti-terrorism officer), look after the affairs of the police stations at night on other days. The order is unfair as we will not be able to take care of our families even after working at the police station for more than 15 hours a day sometimes,'' said an officer.Senior officers confirmed the commissioner's order was passed on September 10 under circular number 23966/516. \"This shouldn't be misinterpreted as a violation of rights. In fact, things have come to such a pass that policemen refuse to fall in line with earlier orders. Many never record the time when they leave the station for the night, although a daily diary entry in this regard is mandatory. In at least three big cases recently, including a riot, the SHOs were found to be out of the police station. There was no one to effectively control the volatile situations. They told us they went home due to pressing problems. But we wanted someone to be answerable and hence took the SHOs to task,'' said the officer.The order begins by indicating how the SHOs have been delegating their jobs to inspectors. It points out that SHOs' presence at their station at night used to galvanize the juniors in the old days. It also instructs them to regularly visit pickets and do patrolling at night. Senior officers said they have started watching police stations to ensure that orders are followed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "16389307", "title": "Another twist to molestation case", "text": "PONDA: The case of an alleged molestation in a Shiroda school witnessed another twist, as the parent-teachers association (PTA) of the school stated that it had not issued any statement supporting the management .Alleging that the management has misused the schoolgirls, PTA chairman Laxman Naik condemned the booking of the teacher and dragging innocent girls into the case.Speaking to TOI about the press note issued after the PTA's special executive meeting on Sunday, Naik said he was present for the meeting, but had not signed any press note.Asked why he kept mum over the issue at the time of issuing the press note, he said if he had objected to it immediately, the issue could have become complicated. \"I waited till the situation calmed down, and hence I am now clarifying that the statements were not made by me. The press note was ready before the meeting got over. I have not signed it. I have signed the minutes book, but the meeting did not resolve to support the management,\" Naik clarified. Naik has also issued a fresh handwritten press note late on Thursday , a copy of which is in TOI's possession.After the alleged victims and their parents clarified that the complaints were written by the management as per their wish, the president of the PTA too has made a statement that the press note supporting the management was also drafted by the management.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "16391678", "title": "HC steers clear of state govt order on cops' demotion", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad HC has refused to interfere with orders passed by stategovernment whereby two ASP promoted from the post of DSP were given back the latter post. A division bench, consisting of Justice Sunil Ambwani and Justice A K Tripathi(II), remarked the Court will not interfere with the orders impugned in the writ petition, consequent of the recent SC order, declaring Section 3(7) of UPPSC (Reservation of SCs, STs, OBCs) Act, 1994, and Rule 8-A of the Rules of 2007 as ultra vires to the constitution of India. tnnThe court, however, said if petitioners were entitled to promotion on the basis of their seniority in the normal course, without any benefit of reservation in accordance with the dictum of Indira Sahani's case of Supreme Court, they should not have been demoted. The court, therefore, directed that in case petitioners Deputy SP Mahendra Pal Singh, and Deputy SP Nidhi Sonkar approached the State Government for saving their promotions, on the basis otheir seniority under normal rules, the state government will verify the facts and pass necessary orders within four weeks.The additional advocate general, CB Yadav had submitted before the court that the recent direction of the supreme court, declaring reservation in promotion as ultra vires will affect all promotions, which were made on account of reservation in promotion under section 3 (7) of the Act 1994, irrespective of drawing benefit of accelerated seniority under Rule 8-A. He submitted once Section 3(7) of the Act of 1994 has been declared as ultra vires by Supreme Court, there is no reservation of reserve categories in promotion operating in the State of U P. Accepting the arguments of the Additional Advocate General, the bench turned down the plea of the petitioners and refused to grant them relief against the order impugned in the writ petition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388886", "title": "In 2 years, Ashi Nagar zone reported 3,000 leakages in water supply network", "text": "NAGPUR: Leakages in city's water supply network is not only causing loss of potable drinking water but also exposing it to contamination, thereby putting health of the citizens at risk.Though the Nagpur Municipal Corporation's water works department (WWD) is making efforts to plug these leakages, instances of contaminated water supply are on the rise. The worst affected is Ashi Nagar zone. In the last two years, the zone attended to and repaired as many as 3,000 leakages in water supply network. This was revealed in WWD's reply to a query under the Right to Information (RTI) Act, sought by activist Avinash Telang.Replying to the RTI query, deputy engineer (WWD) of Ashi Nagar zone has admitted that between 2010-2011 and 2011-2012, 3,000 leakages were reported at different places. It also caused wastage of 3,200 million litres or 15% of water. In 2011-12, the zone supplied 42ml water per day and billed only for 17 mld.Corporator Savita Sangole of the ruling Nagpur Vikas Aghadi in NMC said that WWD needs to work harder to solve this problem. Presently, many localities in Nari ward which she represents are getting contaminated water. \"Kabir Nagar, Kalpana Nagar, Sahyog Nagar, Ramai Nagar, Takshashila Nagar, Mhada Colony, Nari village and a few parts of Sugat Nagar are still getting contaminated water,\" added Sangole.Sangole said that leakages are not repaired in Ashi Nagar zone for days together. \"Large quantity of potable drinking water flows onto the streets - at many places between Teka Naka and Nari Road - and ends up in the drains, causing severe water shortage in many colonies,\" she said.According to the residents, they immediately inform the civic officials after spotting leakages in the pipeline but the workers fail to turn up on time to rectify the problem. \"The civic body can save thousands of litres of water every day if it improves the distribution network,\" they pointed out.Even during monsoon many residents continue to depend on alternative water supply from the NMC, thanks to this problem. Civic officials, however, maintained that steps are being taken to plug the leakages.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393864", "title": "It is Peri exotic at Nando's", "text": "When was the last time you were treated with a heady mix of exotic African spice? Go to Nando's and you would fall in love with their traditionally inspired Portuguese dishes that are as exciting as they are revered.Apart from their core offering, the delicious 'flame grilled chicken', they also have a selection of salads, appetizers, burgers and wraps. Nando's also offers great choices for vegetarians.Its signature dishes include, the very classic Cataplana, a medley of spices and succulent grilled chicken and rice that gets its name from the shell-shaped copper dish that it is cooked and served in. And the Espetada with juicy flame-grilled thighs basted in your choice of flavour and served straight from the skewer with traditional Portuguese bread. As you can see it never gets boring at Nando's!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391054", "title": "Bangalore: 12 dance bars raided", "text": "BANGALORE: A dozen dance bars operating without a licence were raided in Upparpet, Chickpet, High Grounds, and Wilson Garden police limits on Thursday.Police sources said nearly 30 dance girls were picked up, besides some managers, were picked up for questioning. The raids were conducted by a special team of the central crime branch late Thursday evening. The arrested are at various police stations. Police are yet to book cases against the bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "wellington", "code": "16391079", "title": "Soon, cars to run on human waste?", "text": "WELLINGTON: Cars that run on a by-product of human sewage could replace petrol vehicles within a span of three years, according to a report.A car manufacturer in Japan is backing a consortium which is investigating a process that turns sewage sludge into hydrogen for use in fuel-cell vehicles.Fuel-cell vehicles are seen by many as a better zero-emissions alternative to plug-in electric vehicles because they offer greater range and don't rely on electricity grids that are often powered by coal, according to Japan's Nikkei business daily.Instead they use an on-board chemical reaction between hydrogen and oxygen to produce electricity. The by-product that comes out of the exhaust pipe is water.However, one of the main obstacles to commercialize the fuel-cell vehicles is the process of producing hydrogen. The traditional method, which is expensive and complicated, involves extracting it from liquefied natural gas or fossil fuels.The consortium has said that extracting hydrogen from sewage is cheaper and more environmentally friendly than traditional methods. It claims the process cuts carbon emissions by 75%, Stuff.co.nz reported.The process involves drying out the sludge to generate methane gas. The methane gas is then reheated to extract a high concentration of hydrogen gas.The consortium is aiming to commercialize the process by 2015.A number of car makers, including Toyota , Honda , Hyundai , Nissan and Mercedes-Benz , are working on fuel-cell vehicles, although significant hurdles, including refuelling infrastructure, remain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390766", "title": "Locals chase down eve-teasers", "text": "KOLKATA: Shopkeepers and pedestrians chased down two eve-teasers at Central Avenue on Thursday when the duo tried to flee after two schoolgirls at whom they were passing lewd comments raised a cry.Two youths - later identified as Pintu Das, 25, and Dipankar Roy, 26 - from Habra in North 24-Paraganas, started to stalk two Class VIII students of a city school, who were returning home with their guardian, from the Central Avenue and Kolutola Street intersection. Though Das and Roy started passing comments right away, the girls and their guardian ignored them for some time. However, the youths took advantage of their silence and came closer, continuing to throw expletives at the schoolgirls.The girls then raised an alarm and alerted local shop keepers and pedestrians. They gave a chase to both youths and nabbed them. Das and Roy were also beaten up by the mob. A Kolkata Police constable, who was on duty at the nearby crossing, intercepted and tried to rescue the duo. But he was forced to call the traffic sergeant after the locals turned the heat on him.The senior officer arrived soon and with the help of two other cops dissuaded the mob and took custody of two accused. Both were taken to Bowbazar police station. Probe revealed that both used to work at a shop near Kolutola. The accused were booked under sections 509 (eve-teasing) and 114 (helping to commit crime).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nalbari", "code": "16389980", "title": "Four restaurants sealed in Nalbari", "text": "NALBARI: The district administration of Nalbari on Thursday sealed four restuarants on the charge of allowing immoral activities within their premises and arrested three persons in this regard.The four restaurants-Red Chilly, Nawadeep, Prince and Three Friends-were sealed on Thursday afternoon, police said.Among the arrested are the owner, manager and an employee of Red Chilly restaurant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391581", "title": "They engineer a Genesis in social service", "text": "MANGALORE: Hang on, do not discard your old PCs yet, for they may come in handy for budding engineers of National Institute of Technology, Karnataka, Surathkal, who has embarked a drive to provide free computers to poor children residing near their college.Genesis, a students' social volunteer group and non-profitable organization of NITK, is planning to take up an e-waste collection drive to lend a helping hand to underprivileged schoolchildren.\"As part of the initiative unused and old monitors, CPUs and other e-wastes will be collected from in and around the campus. From these items, we will assemble as many computers as possible and sell the remaining e-waste to authorized scrap yard. Computers thus assembled will be distributed among poor students and the money earned by selling e-waste will be used to buy books and other study materials for them,\" said Genesis convenor Uma Bera.Ever since its inception in 2006, Genesis has been actively organizing several social service initiatives in Surathkal. Once in six months, students clean up the private beach belonging to NITK. They have organized four blood donation camps under the aegis of Genesis on NITK campus.The students also give free tuitions to schoolchildren of fishermen residing in Surathkal every day in the evening. They also visit Lions Special School once in a week and provide free sports, dance, music, drawing and crafts training to them. \"We regularly organize science experiments and communication skill training programmes for students of Hosabettu Government School. We raise money to organize such events selling old newspapers and books and NITK students sometime donate to the fund,\" Uma added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389285", "title": "Foreign navies seek Goa as R&R; destination", "text": "PANAJI: Goa has begun to be increasingly viewed as an R&R; destination, military slang for rest and recuperation, by foreign naval crews; something encouraged by the local tourism industry.With the USS Gridley docking at Mormugao on Thursday, it added to an increasing number of foreign warships requesting for Goa as a R&R; destination.\"When our crew heard that we were coming to Goa, they were excited and were checking up the place on the internet,\" said Rick Kratzer, commanding officer of the USS Gridley.\"We're here for voluntary activities, spend time in the city, enjoy local food and entertainment and meet new friends , learning about the history and culture of this state,\" he added.Travel and tourism association of Goa (TTAG) president Francisco de Braganca said that \"R &amp; R tourism generates great amount of business on land\". \"The officers and crew of the US naval ship presently docked in Mormugao, have given business to luxury hotels , tour operators and restaurants in Goa. They are staying in a starred hotel, their tours are handled by local tour operators and they use local restaurants and go shopping locally. All this adds value to our destination and brings in revenue,\" Braganca said.\"Goa has already received 5-6 calls for R&R; activities so far. It is the most sought after destination on the western coast of India,\" said P Mara Pandiyan, chairman, Mormugao Port Trust (MPT).Former MPT chairman Praveen Agarwal made a statement two years ago that the MPT would construct an exclusive berth for warships calling the port from across the globe. Pandiyan says that this has not been achieved yet, but the MPT would gladly accommodate visiting foreign navies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389767", "title": "JD-U observers test state's poll waters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Janata Dal United (JD-U) which plans to contest 40-odd seats in Gujarat, will target tribal and minority voters, along with Biharis.Two JD-U observers Chander Raj Singhvi and Javed Raza, are in the state to decide on candidates and strategize for the forthcoming election.\"The decision to contest has nothing to do with our partnership in the NDA. We are very much in the NDA and continue to be partners. We have contested state elections individually in the past too.\"Singhvi said, \"JD-U will raise the issues of the Congress's corruption, the secular image of our party and also highlight the achievements of Nitish Kumar , who is rated as among the best chief ministers in the country.\"He also said that people from Rajasthan and the Marwari community would also vote for the JD-U. Trying to steer away from controversy, he said that there is development in the state, but it has not reached several sections, we will target these sections.\"There is also scope for improvement in the state. \"We are preparing a draft plan to find out the issues in the state and these issues will be raised.\"\"We are not here to favour anyone or cut votes from any party, we are here to make our presence felt in the state,\" said Singhvi.Singhvi claimed, \"The minorities in Gujarat are not with BJP or the Congress. They need another party. Ahmed Patel political adviser to UPA chairperson who was holding the minorities together in the party, is not happy with local Gujarat leaders and is not interfering in the matters of the party.\"He also said, \"At present, we are planning to contest 40-odd seats and will also welcome leaders and disgruntled MLAs from both parties who have been denied tickets. However, we will evaluate each rebel candidate before giving them a ticket.\"He ruled out the possibility of an alliance with the BJP or the Gujarat Parivartan Party. Not wanting to further aggravate the relationship with their NDA allies, he refused to give specific reasons why the JD-U was contesting against the BJP and Narendra Modi. He just said, \"Our senior party leaders will be the best persons to give the answer.\"Singhvi said he was in the state to review the ground situation and revive contacts. \"I will visit Vadodara along with Raza and will hold meetings there.\"MODI AS PM:The BJP has made it clear that they would consult Janata Dal United before projecting chief minister Narendra Modi as PM. \"The chapter is closed for us at the moment, but we will cross the bridge when they take the final call,\" said Singhvi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391685", "title": "Sonbhadra DM tackles illegal mining with iron hand", "text": "LUCKNOW: District magistrate of Sonbhadra Suhas L Y has called for illegal mining in Billi Markundi reserve forest to stop immediately. The DM has also called for lodging an FIR against those found guilty of granting permission for mining in the reserve forest and against those who have damaged the forest resources in the area with illegal mining. Taking note of the union ministry of environment and forest's (MoEF) report on illegal mining in Billi Markundi, the DM has also called for realisation of fine from the guilty. He gave a call for cancellation of lease of three mines within a kilometre of the Kaimur Wildlife Sanctuary.The regional office (central region), Ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF), had submitted a report to the ministry in February 2009 pointing towards grave anomalies in granting of mining leases in Billi Markundi. The office had also sent a report to the state government, for which the state never sent a reply and illegal mining in the reserve forest continued. Acting on the same report, the district magistrate directed divisional forest officer (DFO), Obra, DFO Kaimur wildlife sanctuary, ADM and mining officer Sonbhadra to inquire into the conditions under which NOC was granted for mining in the reserve forest area, despite the central ministry turning down the land diversion proposal of the state in 2003.As per MoEF guidelines and Supreme Court orders no mining lease can be sanctioned within 10 kms of the periphery of wildlife sanctuary and national park. When the DM, in his meeting with the forest and mining officers on August 30, sought details about MoEF guidelines and SC order, the officers were found unaware. Taking note of the officers' negligence, the DM ordered ensuring compliance with guidelines and orders.In the letter issued to the forest and mining officers of Sonebhadra on August 31 the DM has also called for transferring officers who face \"conflict of interest\" in granting of mining lease in Billi Markundi with immediate effect. The lease will be reviewed and the illegal ones will be cancelled. Besides, the damaged forest will also have to be restored. It will be the responsibility of the forest officers to review the mining lease around protected areas and act against anomalies, if any. SDM and circle officer (police) will be bound to help in the matter.The regional office (central region), MOEF, had shot off a letter to RK Singh, secretary, forest, government of UP, regarding the illegal mining of lime stone in Billi Markundi reserve forest and violation of Forest (Conservation) Act (FCA), 1980 in Sonbhadra district of Uttar Pradesh, on August 22. UP government has yet not replied. The officer could not be contacted for comment.Billi Markundi was notified as reserve forest area of 2622.10 hectare (notification no. 3723/14-kaa-4(67)/69) on November 5, 1969 under section 4 of the Indian Forest Act. The district magistrate applied for diversion of forest land for mining activities in Billi Markundi reserve forest for an area of 107.40 hectare submitted by state government on January 25, 2003 for approval of central government under FCA.The central government rejected the proposal on merit, on June 9, 2003, for the reason that 16 patches of small non-forest land was provided for compensatory afforestation.The mining department of Sonbhadra district, however, sanctioned 38 mining leases on the various reserved forest land plots for which diversion proposal was submitted in 2003. The regional office, MoEF, had enquired into the matter in February 2009 and submitted report to the state government, but no action has been taken illegal mining has continued in the area.The ministry has further observed that, it is a serious matter and a PIL in Supreme Court is pending, on which hearing is in progress, though illegal mining is on. \"A meeting may be called to discuss the matter with the authorities concerned and suitable directions issued to stop illegal mining till there is judgment from Supreme Court,\" said the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389491", "title": "'Awaiting home minister PoK reply'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Centre told the Bombay HC on Thursday it has written to the ministry of home affairs to clarify Pakistan-occupied Kashmir status.A division bench of Justices A M Khanwilkar and R Y Ganoo was hearing a petition by Wadala resident Siraj Khan, who entered India at the age of nine. He has urged direction to be deported.Earlier, the state told HC that PoK is part of India and assured it shall withdraw cases against Khan. The court then had asked the Centre take a stand and file a reply. Additional solicitor general Kevic Setalvad said a proposal has been sent to HMA to seeking clarification and he is awaiting its instructions.The hearing is posted on October 1, 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16394320", "title": "Ranchi franchise becomes third team in Hockey India League", "text": "NEW DELHI: The joint venture of Patel-Uniexcel Group has taken up the Ranchi franchise in the much-hyped Hockey India League, making it the third of the six teams which will compete in the event starting in January next year.Sahara India and Jaypee Group are the franchisees for Lucknow and Punjab.\"We are pleased to welcome the Patel-Unixcel Group on board,\" said Hockey India Secretary-General and Hockey India League Chairman Dr Narinder Batra.\"We are sure that the Bangalore-based Patel Group and the Chinese Taipei-based Unixcel Group will provide a fantastic impetus to hockey in the region, which is a major nursery for the sport.\"Speaking for the Joint Venture, Uniexcel Group Chairman Suresh Kumar Chauhan said the Patel-Uniexcel Group was delighted to be making an entry into the Indian sports firmament through hockey.\"There could have been no better way to get in to sport than with a sport that has emotional connect with all of India,\" he said.\"I am very delighted that we have got the Ranchi franchise as I come from Kolkata and always carry very strong feelings for eastern India.\"Franchise CEO Banti Singh, who hails from Kolkata and is an ex-national hockey player, said the Group is looking forward to developing a competitive team and contributing to the evolution of the sport in the region.The Uniexcel Group covers international trading across the globe in a diverse range of commodities and industrial raw materials.It also has manufacturing facilities in India, China, Nigeria and Ghana. It is also setting up a state-of-the art fabric coating factory worth Rs 300 crore.Speaking for the Patel Group, Patel and Partner Managing Director Vikram Jain said the Group was excited to be entering the world of sport.\"We want to contribute in our own way for the sport to catch the imagination of the Indians again,\" he said.The Patel Group is among the leading transport companies in India and has been importing raw silk yarn and silk fabrics from China.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390933", "title": "Day later, she is a real traffic warden", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after TOI highlighted how a young woman, Gurvinder Kaur, adroitly manned traffic rush at Fun Republic lightpoint, Chandigarh traffic police urged her to join its team of traffic wardens. Officials from the office of SP (traffic) approached Gurvinder to complete the formalities. \"We want people like her to come forward. We have asked her to join our team of traffic wardens. A function will be organized once the formalities are completed and she formally joins the team. The field staff have been told to prepare a list of citizens who are interested in joining various campaigns run by us,\" SP (traffic) Maneesh Chaudhary said. Parul Jain, Panchkula deputy commissioner of police, said Gurvinder would be roped in campaigns run by traffic wing as well as other wings of the district police. \"Road safety organization is a group associated with the district police. We will ask her to join us in road safety seminars... there, she can share her experiences and viewpoints,\" added Jain. Meanwhile, Chaudhary has asked the DSP (traffic) to probe the absence of cops from Fun republic light-point. As cops appreciated the role she played on Wednesday, her family, friends and colleagues celebrated her brave efforts. \"Since morning I have been getting calls from friends and relatives. My colleagues even held a special session to discuss Wednesday's incident,\" Gurvinder, a facility support in an IT company, said. So, will she join UT's traffic wardens' team? \"Definitely I will,\" she smiled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390459", "title": "CBI closing in on coal ministry babus", "text": "NEW DELHI: As investigations into Coalgate gather steam, role of senior officials in the coal ministry as well as in states are coming under sharp focus of the CBI.According to the CBI FIRs and sources in the agency, the chief secretary of Jharkhand was sent by then chief minister Madhu Koda to attend the 36th screening committee meeting and to approve the allocation of coal mines to a company that one of Koda's close associates owned. In the case of AMR Iron and Steel, senior coal ministry officials ignored as part of a criminal conspiracy the fact that its group companies already had five coal blocks.The FIR says Vini Iron and Steel, which got the Rajhara North coal block in Jharkhand, was not recommended by the state government when it originally applied in 2006. Later, the company was taken over by Vijay Joshi, a close aide of Koda, who is presently in jail for corruption cases. After Koda became Jharkhand CM on September 2006, the company's fortunes changed, according to the CBI.\"Ministry of steel had recommended Zoom Vallabh Steel Ltd for Rajhara North block. Jharkhand government did not recommend the company for any coal block, thus Vini was not having recommendation of either state or ministry of steel initially,\" the CBI said in its FIR. Once Koda became CM, he sent his chief secretary to attend a crucial meeting that cleared coal block for Vini Iron and Steel. \"The chief secretary of Jharkhand government, who attended the 36th screening committee meeting held on July 3, 2008, had signed the minutes, which had recommended the allocation in favour of Vini Iron and Steel Udyog Ltd,\" the FIR said.The FIR against AMR Iron and Steel, which belongs to the Nagpur-based Abhijeet Group, said company representatives met the then minister of state for coal Santosh Bagrodia in his chamber in September 2008 and claimed to be not part of the Jayaswal group, before the company was allocated Bander coal block in Maharashtra. The company also has Lokmat group's Devendra Darda as a director.The CBI FIR against AMR Iron and Steel in which Manoj Jayaswal, Arvind Jayaswal, Ramesh Jayaswal, Devendra Darda and unknown government servants have been booked, said, \"The representatives of AMR Iron and Steel Pvt Ltd attended the meeting on September 18, 2008 with the minister of state for coal in his chamber, wherein it (company) claimed that it was not part of the Jayaswal group, but its equity was held by Lokmat group, Abhijeet Infrastructure Ltd and IL&amp;FS.;\"The company also admitted to the minister that it had been allocated blocks earlier, the FIR said. However, coal ministry still did not take any action against the company. CBI sources said that, if required, they will examine Bagrodia and other coal ministry officials about this. CBI sources said the company had given wrong information about its joint venture group and also misrepresented facts about its net worth.\"The company also admitted that it was allocated 5 coal blocks earlier as on the date of application, during the meeting dated September 18, 2008. These facts regarding earlier allocation of coal blocks to the group/associate companies and the equity participation by IL&FS; and Lokmat group were concealed by AMR Iron and Steel in its application form. The company further misrepresented when it claimed in writing that it was not a part of Jayaswal group, vide its letter dated September 22, 2008 addressed to the minister of coal,\" the FIR said.CBI sees this as callous attitude of coal ministry or deliberately favouring the company. The FIR said, \"Enquiry revealed that despite having taken note of the earlier allocations to the group companies of AMR Iron and Steel, the public servants in the ministry of coal in pursuance of criminal conspiracy, willfully did not take the enquiry to its logical conclusion, thus allowing undue advantage to AMR.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "16391320", "title": "Bokaro students' docu screened at New York International Children's Film Festival", "text": "BOKARO: Pitts Modern School in Gomia has shot to fame after a 10-minute documentary film Ganga, produced by its students, was screened at the New York International Children's Film Festival (NYICFF) held in August 2012 and won consolation prize of $500.The documentary shows how River Ganga is polluted which in turns adversely affects the environment. Rohit Dubey of Class IX, who has done the videography, visited River Ganga at Vindyachal in Uttar Pradesh and Patna to shoot the film. \"The film also has clippings which narrate the origin of Ganga from Gangotri. Since the place is too far and would have exceeded our budget, we have downloaded it from Youtube ,\" he said. While Class VII student Shruti did the graphics, Class X student Abhinav Mishra edited and another Class X student Vandana produced the film.The recent achievement has made the teachers, principal and residents of Gomai, a Maoist prone area, proud. The documentary was made by a team of 10 students between Class VII and Class X and it took them five days to complete it at a cost of Rs 7,000. This apart, Sacrificing Tree and Nawabi Fatfatiya made by the students won awards in the best film category in Parle Superkids International Children Film Festival held in Mumbai in 2011.Computer teacher G K Aranya, who guided the students, said a team of NYICFF wrote to the school lauding the selection of the subject. \"We are proud of the success of the documentary. The students worked whole-heartedly and took keen interest in the making of the film,\" Aranya said.Their sincere effort, right from script writing to shooting to audio-video mix, has bore results. Shivangi and Sanjana, students of Class X and the scriptwriter and dialogue writer of the film respectively, echoed each other's thoughts. They said, \"Through the movie we tried to create awareness among the masses to conserve the most scared heritage of our nation, River Ganga. We gathered information about writing script from newspapers, books and the Internet.\"Acting principal of Pitts Modern School, Manoj Kumar Upadhaya appreciated their performance. \"We are planning to screen the documentary at the school auditorium for the residents,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388429", "title": "24-hour medical service for animals from Monday", "text": "NAGPUR: After a long wait, a considerable amount of pain to animals and a few deaths, Nagpur is finally set to have 24 hours medical services for animals from September 17.The Maharashtra Animal and Fishery Sciences University (Mafsu) is going to start round-the-clock medical services for animals at its Teaching Veterinary Clinical Complex (TVCC), near Alankar cinema, said Dr Abdul Samad, dean, Mafsu Veterinary College, Nagpur.During night, a postgraduate student doctor along with three interns will be available at TVCC in case of emergencies and casualties. \"Apart from front line doctors, a senior staffer will always be available on call,\" Samad said.\"We are trying to use our human resources smartly. The night doctors will be on constant rotation and will be given half a day off the next day so that there is no straining of resources,\" said Samad. To ensure that the senior doctors on call will be available when needed they will be required to keep their phones on and will be instructed to not leave the city when it is there turn for night call.Samad also said the hospital will be open on Sundays at it is the day when many animal owners find time to attend to their animal's need. \"Also, we will organize special medical camps every fortnight or so for cardio-vascular, skin and other such diseases. Also, focus will be on preventive health checkups to avoid any complexities,\" he said.The introduction of 24 hours medical services is a huge step forward in providing relief to distressed animals. It remains to be seen how successfully this initiative by TVCC runs. Samad also said people can contact the hospital at any hour of the day at 0712-2531469.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389061", "title": "SUV stolen from Mumbai found in Indore", "text": "MUMBAI:With the recovery of a stolen Pajero from Madhya Pradesh, the MHB Colony police may have stumbled onto an inter-state vehicle theft racket. The red-coloured Pajero was stolen from Borivali West in October 2011. After its owner Nikunj Lalan informed the cops, nakabandis were put up but the car couldn't be traced. Earlier this month, the Indore police contacted the MHB police on having found the car.\"The Dewas police in Indore also recovered seven SUVs stolen from Mumbai and Nashik. They will be handed over to the Chembur police, Byculla police and Meghwadi police in Mumbai,\" said investigating officer Santosh Dalvi. Pawan Shinde (27) and Sameer Khan (27) were arrested on September 4. Cops say the main accused is yet to be found. Another accused, Suresh Patel was held from Gujarat on September 9. He has been remanded in judicial custody. Cops are looking for Patel's brother, Arvind.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389848", "title": "Special performance at 'Rasotsav' wins hearts", "text": "AHMEDABAD: When disabled children took the stage at Town Hall on Thursday evening, the audience erupted in unending applause. The children had worked hard for the evening called 'Rasotsav' and true to the name, they portrayed emotions ranging from devotion to joy.\"The event was organized to showcase the talent of the kids. The highlight was the performance of 12 blind students who had won hearts in the US recently as part of Chalo Gujarat event where they had performed a 'halardu' and devotional song. Another attraction was a performance by three blind singers who won Gujarat Vocal Music Competition organized by the state government,\" said a Blind People's Association (BPA) official, organizers of the event.Officials added that the event was also a way of thanking the teachers who had put in hard work to train the children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "imphal", "code": "16389995", "title": "Manipur panchayat election peaceful", "text": "IMPHAL: Barring a few stray incidents of violence, panchayat elections in the four valley districts of Manipur passed off peacefully on Thursday with over 70% polling.State election commission officials said voting was by and large peaceful though cases of a few unwanted incidents were reported from some polling stations.Amid tight security arrangements, voters made a beeline at almost all the 1,516 polling stations across Imphal West, Imphal East, Bishnupur and Thoubal districts to elect 60 zila parishads (ZPs), 161 pradhans and 1,515 gram panchayat (GP) members.One or two sections of armed police forces were deployed in each polling station. A section comprises 10 to 12 police personnel. Official sources said all 480 polling stations in Thoubal were identified as hyper-sensitive.Among other violent incidents during Thursday's polls, two polling agents were beaten up by the brother of a candidate at Chanam Sandrok village in Imphal East. They were rushed to Jawaharlal Nehru Institute of Medical Sciences (JNIMS) hospital here.After receiving official reports from specific areas, the state election commission would decide if re-poll would be conducted, officials said, adding till 1pm the overall poll percent was over 60.Though the final poll percent report was yet to be intimated officially from the four districts till the time of filing this report, officials expected over 70% polling considering the huge turnout of voters till 4pm.Counting will be held on Monday in the four valley districts.Incidentally, no tribal voters came to vote in some polling stations located in tribal villages in Khundrakpam area of Imphal East in support of a bandh called in the five hill districts against the inclusion of some hill villages in the panchayat polls. The Committee for the Protection of Tribal Areas, Manipur ( COPTAM) and Autonomous District Councils called a 12-hour bandh contending that hill districts are not included in the panchayat elections as they have autonomous district councils.Unlike the past occasions, this rural body polls saw a keen contest among the candidates with active canvassing in addition to spending huge money.Planting of bombs by suspected militants at the gates of the candidates' residences, clashes between rival candidates' workers and MGNREGS fund misuse allegations against some sitting pradhans and ZP members marred the run-up to the panchayat polls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "civil lines", "code": "16391414", "title": "A walk to keep neighbourhood clean", "text": "CIVIL LINES: The tiny tots from The Olive Kid went out on a \"neighbourhood walk\" with their teachers as part of their social activity on Thursday. They enjoyed the walk and questioned residents about their safety and cleanliness practices. Kids learned about the need to keep surroundings clean as they were explained the messages on the banners they carried along during the walk. The activity excited Civil Lines residents as well, who appreciated the idea of encouraging kids to question cleanliness and conservation efforts of people. A professor from the area Shilpi Jain said, \"Their presence itself was wonderful and we enjoyed interacting with them over neighbourhood activities.\" The 20 toddlers who participated in the walk included Bhavika Bansal, Samriddhi Gupta, Vanika Gupta, Arnav Nehra and Gurmehtab Singh. Homemaker Mona Gupta said such activities encourage kids to know more about their surroundings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16391393", "title": "ML demands implementation of rural power tariff", "text": "SINDRI: The Sindri-Baliapur committee of CPI (ML) locked the Sindri sub-division office of JSEB and squatted before the main gate of the office demanding the implementation of rural tariff for the villagers of Parasbania and Chhatatand and change of the worn out HT and LT wires on Thursday.According to the memorandum submitted to the circle SDO of the state power body by the party leaders, Parasbania and Chhatatand villages, which were earlier included in the Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC), were omitted from the list of villages included in the DMC, and re-included in the Panchayat system some three years ago. Baliapur BDO and state land reforms and revenue minister Mathura Prasad Mahto too, in separate letters to the JSEB officials, had urged them to implement rural tariff for the power consumers of these villages. But JSEB authorities took no action, as a result of which, villagers are being forced to pay power charges as per the urban domestic tariff of the state.Besides this, the party has also demanded the installation of new 11KVA wires from Marshaling Yard to Paharigora, HT and LT wires of Seematand and Chhatatand villages, new power connections for Chhatabad, Bedia Tola, Sanwlapur adivasi tola, Kherban villages and new transformers in nearby villages to ensure regular power supply.Addressing the gathering, the speakers held the JSEB officials responsible for neglecting the genuine demands of the rural populace and threatened to lock the state power body office and block roads if it failed to concede to their demands.The circle SDO B K Singh and junior engineer Kameshwar Thakur discussed the problems of the villages with the seven-member delegation of the party and assured them of the implementation of the rural tariff next month onwards. They promised to replace the worn out wires at the earliest. They also assured the delegates about the allocation of new power connections from October 5.Local committee secretary Sudhir Mahto, Upendra Singh, Nagendra Singh, Videshi Gorai, Kishun Mahto, Bhajohari Mahto, Sunil Kumbhkar, Subhash Mandal, Sagar Mandal, Balram, were among the ones who led the agitation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kishanganj/araria", "code": "16390134", "title": "1 held for 'honour' killing in Araria", "text": "KISHANGANJ/ARARIA: One person was arrested on Wednesday in connection with the brutal killing of a boy at Kursakatta in Araria district on Sunday.Sharmila and Gobind Singh , who lived in two neighbouring villages of Paunshi and Madhubani under Kursakatta police station in Araria district, were in love with each other. But, stonewalled against their parents' objection, they allegedly eloped to distant Punjab some months back, police said. On getting some clue, the girl's father Hari Kishore Singh accessed his daughter and reached Punjab. Dangling the carrot of tying them in nuptial knot, he succeeded in bringing his daughter back home. Gobind soon followed, police said.However, the girl's kin had some mischievous plan up their sleeve. Extending an olive branch, they summoned the boy and allegedly bludgeoned him to death for daring to woo Sharmila, police said. Kishanganj SP Ranjit Kumar Mishra, holding additional charge of Araria district said at Kishanganj on Thursday that an FIR had been lodged against 18 persons including the girl's father, her siblings and others for bludgeoning Gobind to death.A Special Task Force (STF) headed by Araria SDPO Hari Shanker Prasad has been constituted to nab all the absconding accused mentioned in the FIR. Out of 18 named in the FIR, one has already been arrested, SP Mishra said.Sharmila and her kin are believed to have crossed into Nepal barely 500 meters from the village Paunshi, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "barasat", "code": "16390700", "title": "Barasat molestation: Two held, family still lives in fear", "text": "BARASAT: Two youths were arrested on Thursday in connection with the molestation of a young girl in Barasat on Tuesday night. The duo - Jhantu Das and Mantu Das - was produced in court. But the threats are still coming in for the family.The girl's mother said, \"The accused are roaming free on motorcycles with choppers in their hands and asking us to hand over Shuvankar Ghosh, the girl's cousin who protested against the molestation. They are threatening us and saying that the arrests will not make any difference.\" Shuvankar, had protested when the youths molested his cousin sister. With repeated threats from the culprits, Shuvankar remains cooped up in his house.On Wednesday, when Shuvankar's aunt, the girl's mother went to lodge a complaint against the molesters she had to lock the house from outside. \"I locked my family when I went to the police station in fear. On my return, I was fearful all the while. I saw the three youths brandishing choppers outside my house and threatening to kill Shuvankar,\" said the Shuvankar's aunt Rikta.Though the family is happy with the arrests, they continue to live in fear.Police arrested two youths in connection with the molestation of a young girl, yet others involved in the molestation have kept threatening the victims' family with dire consequences. Two accused identified Jhantu Das and Mantu Das were arrested and produced before the court. But the arrest has hardly deterred others involved in the crime to issue fresh threats.Rikta Das, the victim's mother, said, \"The accused are roaming free on motor-cycles with choppers in their hands and asking us to handover Shuvankar, the cousin of the victim, who protested against the molestation of his sister. They are saying that arrest would not make any difference. Eventually, they will be free and give appropriate punishment to the accused.\"\"I locked my family from outside when I went to the police station. I was fearful all the while. When I came back, I saw the three youths brandishing choppers outside my house and threatening to kill Shuvankar,\" said the Shuvankar's aunt Rikta. \"Shuvankar could not venture out even after the arrest of the duo and is feeling highly insecure. They take drugs and liquor and abuse women and young girls in broad daylight,\" said Shuvankar's mother China Ghosh.Since, the victim's house is a little away from the main road, in an alley; police need to walk to access the area. Every time police come, the accused just manage to flee, said Rikta Das.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "16390386", "title": "Mayor, MLA forced to stand on water-logged road", "text": "VARANASI: Continuous rainfall from Wednesday night further worsened the sanitary conditions in the city. Situation at Bhaktinagar Colony turned troublesome when stormwater filled the unfinished digging work. Local residents held a dharna and compelled mayor Ram Gopal Mohale and BJP MLA Ravindra Jaiswal to stand on the waterlogged road and understand the problems of the residents.Most of the prominent areas like including Sigra, Rathyatra, Godowlia, Gurubagh, Luxa, Lanka, Nagwa, Samne ghat and Bazardiha remained waterlogged. Condition in trans-Varuna remained pathetic. The already damaged roads threw traffic out of gear for hours.The pits and ditches filled with rainwater disrupted traffic movement in almost all areas of the city. The sanitary conditions of the already unhygienic city further deteriorated on Thursday. Heaps of garbage created a nauseating picture at roadsides and near regional garbage collection centres.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389033", "title": "'Inside job in theft at ex-IAS officer's flat'", "text": "MUMBAI: The Worli police probing the theft of ornaments and cash, worth Rs 80 lakh, from the sixth-floor flat of a retired IAS officer , suspect it is an inside job. The accused knew valuables were bought recently, said cops.The complainant, M Ramchandran, told police that he and his wife had bought the ornaments for their daughter's marriage.The incident came to light when Ramchandran's wife opened the cupboard in their bedroom on Tuesday to take out money to pay for the marriage hall,\"The couple learnt about the valuables and cash stolen from the cupboard, when his wife checked for cash to make payment to book marriage hall,\" said senior inspector Dipak Pawar.Cops are going through the building's CCTV footage. \"The burglar used original cupboard keys. We are questioning two helps. The accused knew the valuables were kept inside clothes, which were undisturbed, and only the valuables were missing,\" said deputy commissioner of police (zone lll) Kishore Jadhav.The unidentified men had been booked under IPC section 379 (theft).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390086", "title": "Govt clears over 10L applications for diesel subsidy", "text": "PATNA: The state government has cleared 10.26 lakh applications of farmers for diesel subsidy being granted to irrigate their land with pumping sets during the rain-starved kharif season.According to data furnished by disaster management department (DMD), 13.69 lakh applications had been received for diesel subsidy. However, till September 11, 10.26 lakh applications had been cleared and Rs 26.99 crore had been given as subsidy.\"Other applications were in the process of clearance. The total amount of diesel subsidy granted by the respective district and block administrations would increase after clearing rest of the applications,\" a DMD official said.The state government, however, had made advance allotment of Rs 200 crore to various districts as diesel subsidy after their applications were processed and cleared for final payment at the block level.That the state has suffered acute rain shortage could be gauged from the fact that against the normal rainfall demand of 889.9mm from June 1 to September 11, the state received only 622.4mm of rain, which is 30% short of the normal. The districts with highest rainfall shortage outside the canal network of the command areas of Gandak, Kosi and Sone rivers are Nawada (46%), Madhubani (46%), Begusarai (41%), Lakhisarai (51%), Jamui (55%) and Katihar (49%), among others.Incidentally, both the agriculture department and DMD have been pinning hopes on rain god for sufficient amount of rain during the remaining weeks of September and the first two weeks of October, since the rainfall received during the period, including the 'hathia' rains after September 25, would bring immense good to standing paddy plants. \"Rain is necessary for the maturity of roots of paddy and consequent flowering and grain setting,\" said an official of the agriculture department.The districts where a good number of farmers have availed themselves of the diesel subsidy are Jehanabad, Nalanda, Gaya, Munger, Buxar, Darbhanga, Muzaffarpur, East Champaran and Madhepura.The money released against diesel subsidy in Jehanabad district is Rs 1.90 crore on the basis of 23,573 applications. The total allotment for the district was Rs 2.50 crore. Similarly, against the allotment of Rs 7 crore for Nalanda district, farmers had been given Rs 3.91 crore, on the basis of their 95,307 applications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390598", "title": "Olympic dancer brings a feast of movements to city of joy", "text": "KOLKATA: Today people know Akram Khan as the dancer who choreographed the London Olympics where he did a 5-minute solo to live singing by Emile Sande. But this city remembers the Kathak-turned-contemporary artiste for Kaash, the 55-minute feast of movement he'd presented us with in 2003, a year before he was honoured with Order of MBE for his \"services to dance.\"Akram is pure dance at its best. Is it Kathak, or is it martial art where the arms sculpt space and feet chisel staccato sound? Where the stark sets and monk-like costume highlight the grace of his shaved pate? Where traditional Indian chants are chequered by silence as his unflagging speed friezes into a dramatic pause? Where the slows are trance-inducing and quicks freeze the breath? Unravel for yourself when the British Council presents the phenomenon in Gnosis on Friday.Critics have described Gnosis as an \"astonishingly beautiful\" production inspired by the Mahabharata. Akram was inspired by the story of Gandhari, the wife who blindfolds herself to share the darkness that filled the world of blind king Dhritarashtra. To explore \"the notion of inner knowledge and clouded vision,\" Akram has combined his inheritance of Kathak from Birju Maharaj via Pratap Pawar, with contemporary movements that made him co-star with the likes of Juliet Binoche and Kylie Minogue .The concept of \"seeing darkness, yet being blind to sight\" may've gripped Akram at age 13, when the Wimbledon-born Bangladeshi debuted in Peter Brook's Mahabharata (1987). The world tours that mapped his life for the two years that followed gave him new insights into humanity as much as into exulting movements. And they prepared him for the classic collaborations that've become his hallmark: If Anish Kapoor , Nitin Sawhney , Joflyn Pook, and Hanif Kureishi shared his earlier creative impulses, this time Fang Yi Sheu from Taiwan is the guest artiste.Tanushree Shankar, Ronnie and Preeti Patel were present at a workshop when he said: \"A successful collaboration doesn't happen only between dancers. What you ate at breakfast can also lead to a collaboration which is a meeting of minds.\"He'd sent his own dancers to a railway station for seven to ten hours while, unnoticed, he watched them go from boredom to excitement as they met people or talked on phone.All his observations must have gone into crafting Gnosis. For, if classical dance - Kathak or otherwise - is codified, contemporary dance flourishes by breaking boundaries. But Akram won't be compartmentalized. \"Aditi Mangaldas does both, and so well! So why be obsessed with purity or perfection?\" he wonders aloud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "16395093", "title": "CPM to organise protests across Haryana over diesel, LPG issue", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana unit of CPM has called upon all sections of people to effectively resist the cruel hike in the prices of diesel and cutting down the number of LPG cylinders to 6 per year. The party has declared to lodge its strong resentment by holding instant protest actions all over the state demanding withdrawal of the hike.In a statement here today, state secretary Inderjit Singh has accused the UPA-II government of cheating the ordinary people by taking recourse to falsehood about notional losses to the oil companies. \"The companies have on the contrary shown substantial profits in their balance sheet\", he said.Singh stated that the hike is bound to have adverse impact on peasantry which was already faced with distress conditions. \"The hike will lead to general price rise of all essential commodities and thus adding to at least 200 to 400 rupees extra monthly burden on ordinary families who have no social security mechanism\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393472", "title": "Sangram refuses Bigg Boss 6", "text": "With the promos of the new season of reality show Bigg Boss already on air, rumour mills have started doing the rounds about possible contestants in the sixth season of Bigg Boss.The names that are being speculated this time are controversial figures like Kim Kardashian and Poonam Pandey and celebrities like Chunky Pandey, Shobha De, Faisal Khan, Sayali Bhagat and Sangram Singh. When we contacted Sangram, he accepted that he was approached by the channel, but he refused the offer. \"The channel approached me to participate in the reality show, but I refused. I don't think I can survive in such an environment, where people do nothing, apart from scheming and planning to secure their place in the house. I have nothing against the show or the channel, in fact I have to agree that it is the one of the most watched reality shows, and had I agreed to participate, it would have been beneficial in terms of gaining popularity, but I just feel that I'm not cut for such shows,\" Sangram says.The wrestling gold medallist at the Commonwealth Wrestling Championship 2006, who has earlier participated in shows like Survivor India and Bigg Toss , feels that being diplomatic and politically correct is not his cup of tea. \"Dance-based or adventure shows are ok, but such mind games are not for me,\" says Sangram, whose girlfriend Payal Rohatgi was a contestant in season 2 of the reality show.While he brushes aside any chance of him participating in any reality show, Sangram says he is happily busy organising wrestling workshops for youngsters. \"I want the youth of our country to be more familiar with the sport of wrestling and concentrate on their fitness via learning the nuances of this sport. Through these workshops, I will teach them tips on how to remain fit through wrestling techniques, which will be entertaining as well as effective,\" he says, adding that the money earned from these workshops will go towards educating physically challenged girls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391777", "title": "Financial benefits for former servicemen", "text": "PANAJI: A number of financial benefits for disabled ex-servicemen or their widows have been approved by the government.This was finalized at the 4th executive committee meeting of the special fund for ex-servicemen held in the conference hall of chief secretary at the secretariat, Porvorim, on Wednesday. Chief secretary B Vijayan presided over the meeting, which was attended by additional collector, North, Deepak Dessai, additional collector, South, Narayan Navti, air commodore P K Pinto, wing commander Desmond Sialo, brigadier Ian D'Costa and member secretary major Venugopal Nair.The committee approved number of financial benefits to ex-serviceman /widows who are Penury disabled, handicapped, daughters marriage and scholarship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388885", "title": "Neighbours foil robbery attempt in south Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Four men entered a businessman's residence posing as discom employees, held her wife hostage at gunpoint to rob the house, but fled when accosted by neighbours on Thursday afternoon in Ambedkar Nagar.Rani, the businessman's wife, was alone in her house when the gang came to her house and told her that they were assigned to check the power meter installed at her residence.She asked them to return later as she was alone. However, they forced their way into the house and held her hostage at gunpoint. Rani managed to raise an alarm and the neighbours gathered at the spot. The four men tried flee brandishing their firearms but locals managed to catch Jaspal, who was assaulted.In another incident, burglars on Wednesday stuck at the house of an official of information and broadcasting ministry in Lodhi Colony and decamped with cash and jewellery, police said. The incident came to light when neighbours noticed in the evening that someone has broken into the house. Pradeep Joshi (56) had left for office in the morning while his wife had gone to attend a function in the afternoon. She had left the keys with her relatives in the same colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "16390109", "title": "'TDP won't oppose T state formation'", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: In what could be a shot in the arm for T protagonists, senior Telugu Desam Party (TDP) leader and MLC Yelamanchili Babu Rajendraprasad said that they were ready to accept bifurcation of the state if it were to be rendered imminent. He said that party chief Chandrababu Naidu would shortly take a final call on the separate statehood issue with his followers all having promised to abide by his decision.Speaking to reporters on Thursday, Rajendraprasad said that his party had earlier opposed bifurcation of the state since it was the people who were against it. However, he added that continual disturbances in the state was helping none of the regions to grow.\"We are not demanding a separation of Andhra Pradesh. We want to clarify that we are not going to come in the way of any decision which the Centre takes on the issue,\" he said. Rajendraprasad said that they would not oppose it even if the Centre were to grant separate statehood to Telangana. He said that Naidu had already written to Pranab Mukherjee when the latter had been a Union minister. \"We are going to reiterate our stance on the issue. We will not oppose the formation of Telangana if the Centre really wants to grant it,\" Rajendraprasad said.Meanwhile, TDP leaders and activists staged a maha dharna at Kummaripalem demanding that a flyover be constructed near Indrakeeladri. Telangana leader Revanth Reddy, who was present at the scene, said that the flyover would answer the needs of pilgrims visiting Durgamma temple. He said that TDP would waste no time in constructing the flyover if it succeeded in returning to power in the state.District TDP unit president Devineni Umamaheswara Rao demanded that local MP Rajagopal spell out his stand on the issue. Local party leaders Budha Venkanna, Bonda Umamaheswara Rao, Nagul Meera, Panchumarthi Anuradha present at the dharna.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "16391729", "title": "Body of baby girl found in bush", "text": "MANDYA: The body of a newborn baby girl was found near a bush on a road in Hosahalli colony in Mandya on Thursday.Residents, who saw the body, alerted the police. Manu, an eyewitness, told the police that he had seen a woman carrying something under her saree and threw it near the bush at around 5 am. \"I assumed it was garbage or something else. How would I know it was a baby?\" he said and added that he could not clearly see the woman's face due to dim light.A case has been registered in East police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391154", "title": "Punjab University teaches CID men secrets of success", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Panjab University has turned mentor for the criminal investigation department personnel. The CID sleuths are these days getting tips on campus not just to beat stress, but also the art of positive thinking, managing self and sessions on 'ultimate secrets to absolute success'.PU's centre for police administration hosted one such workshop for 30 personnel and is now turning it into an annual feature seeing the success of this event. \"High stress\" among all CID personnel was found to be adversely affecting their mental and physical health, concluded an analysis compiled by the department. \"The CID persons were found to be highly stressed. They have deadlines for compiling reports and are found handling high pressure cases. We even conducted sessions on motivation and morale boosting,\" said Anil Monga, coordinator of the centre of police administration. The cops, all non-gazetted officers, were also given sessions on communication skills, both verbal and non-verbal and also how to build the \"attitude\" of a stress-free person. \"The workshop aimed at holistic development of the sleuths, motivating them to adopt a healthy lifestyle and for this reason, doctors were also called to conduct various tests and find out more about their physical health,\" Monga added. A similar workshop is now being conducted for the gazetted officers of the CID in November this year. What makes this workshop different from other events organized by the department is that the cops were trained in an academic environment. In the past, a host of other workshops have been organized at the CID training centre. \"The approach is multi-disciplinary. We got a feedback from employees that such workshops must be conducted for longer span of time and must also be conducted for their senior officials,\" added PU officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16390809", "title": "'Kerala well-placed among the states'", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala is remarkably well-positioned to be a competitive state in India, says Eric M Jepsen, a political scientist from the University of South Dakota .\"The state is well-positioned at the global level because of its human capital in health and education. In the global economy , private sector needs people who think on their feet and can don different hats as many jobs are losing scope with the advancement of technology,\" Jepsen says.A Fulbright-Nehru scholar, Jepsen compares Kerala with a focus on the post-reform era. \"I am looking at how the states have positioned themselves from 1991 till now.\" Promotional efforts, regulatory changes and infrastructure are some parameters that he uses to compare the various states.\"Infrastructure development is the greatest challenge many Indian states face. High population density drives up the land cost here. It is difficult to develop six-lane highways because a considerable number of shops and houses are located where the new lanes are to be constructed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391113", "title": "15-year-old girl falls unconscious, injured", "text": "PUNE: A 15-year-old girl from a city-based English medium school was injured after she fell unconscious while playing on Thursday. Senior inspector Ukaji Sonawane of the Bund Garden police said the girl, Sanyukta Divare of Sadashiv Peth, received injuries on her right hand and left leg and stomach. The incident took place on the first floor of the school building at 11 am. Sanyukta's father does not suspect any foul play behind the incident, he added. The administration of the KEM hospital said, \"Sanyukta is being treated at the critical care unit of the hospital. She has fractured her femur and her arm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16389949", "title": "Mary, mother, pray tell why?", "text": "GUWAHATI: While MC Mary Kom's achievements are unparalleled in the history of Indian boxing, and perhaps in Indian sport in general, it is a fact that no other boxer has ever received the amount of attention that she is currently enjoying after winning a bronze medal in London 2012. And while she certainly deserves every bit of that praise for being a true champion - and inspiring a whole nation to finally pay attention to the sport - it is, however, interesting to note that there are two other things about her that have been highlighted again and again in all the buzz. One is Mary's identity as a national icon from Manipur, a deprived Northeastern state with a growing list of grievances against the central government and the Indian army. The other, interestingly, is her identity as a mother of two five-year-old twin sons.And it's not as if boxing has quite made it to the mainstream yet. To have their daughter take part in boxing, a combat sport, is still seen as being too risk-filled and socially unacceptable to many parents. Indeed, India's female boxers long endured opposition and ridicule from people around them and yet still refused to quit the ring. They ploughed on and did this even when women's boxing did not feature in the Olympics and therefore received little financial and infrastructural support.We know social attitudes towards women decisively influence the production of images of female bodies in advertising, films and other media. Which is why unconventional images of strong women (a female boxer in this case) are markedly underrepresented in order to suppress the potential threat to patriarchal power. Forget boxers for a moment, think of P T Usha, whose 'unfeminine' built caused some ruction in the Indian media in her early days as a top athlete. That was tackled by emphasising Usha's image as an obedient and submissive student of her coach, a dominant father-like figure, Nambiar.Evidently, when it comes to female athletes and media representation, it is all about what sells. Controversies sell (ask Sania Mirza ), beauty sells (ask Mirza again), sweethearts sell (ask Britain's Rebecca Adlington), supermoms sell (ask Mary Kom or Kim Clijsters ), skirts sell (ask Saina Nehwal ), and crying certainly sells (ask Jordyn Weiber of USA). Peddling stereotypes is not just ideal marketing practice, it's good business.Afemale athlete, therefore, has to perform as well as conform - to conventional ideas of womanhood. And the media loves showing afemale athlete embodying aspects of conventional roles: of a daughter, wife or mother.Intelligent Life, a magazine published by The Economist , also featured the Mary Kom story recently. The cover read: 'Give her a medal: Five times World Champion. Mother of two. Carrying the hopes of a billion people. One shot at gold. The remarkable Mary Kom'.In almost all reports about her - regional, national and international - the emphasis has been on how she is a fighter in the ring and a perfect mother-figure outside. A report on the BBC's website said, 'It is amazing to see the transformation when Kom steps into the ring. She stops being the gentle, mother-like figure and becomes a tiger'.Indian publications too have used the same emphasis: 'Mary Kom: the tough and the tender rolled into one', 'Twins but only one bronze: Mother Mary's in a dilemma' and so on. And if not in the title, almost all articles would invariably begin by describing her as a champion boxer and a mother of twins. Facebook and twitter messages were full of similar examples: 'Supermom Mary kom', 'Magnificent mom Mary Kom', 'Beauty and biceps together'. In MC Mary Kom: Boxer, Mother, Icon, published earlier this year, it is written, 'Her greatest achievement though, has been the fact that much of her success has come after the caesarean birth of her twins'.It is indeed a great achievement to have overcome poverty, nutritional deficiency, ethnic discrimination, post-pregnancy physical exhaustion and become achampion boxer. Mary is indeed magnificent. But why this repeated emphasis on Mary, the mother? Media reports on her London 2012 bouts, tweets about her, and messages supporting her on Facebook and other social media recurrently eulogised her for being a mother of two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391770", "title": "Prostitution racket busted", "text": "PANAJI: The Calangute police busted a prostitution racket and arrested two persons after raiding a guest house in Calangute on Thursday evening.The police, on a tip off, were keeping a close watch on the activities of a guest house for the last few days.On Thursday evening, they raided the guest house and rescued four women who were pushed into trafficking. Two customers were also arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391660", "title": "24 Lucknowites heading to Lahore to rekindle love", "text": "LUCKNOW: As many as 24 persons from the city are heading for an emotional journey to Lahore next week.The persons are a part of a group of 53 Indians who would go to Pakistan to attend a two-day conference organised by 'Aman ki Asha', the peace initiative of the Jang Group and The Times of India to improve relations between the two countries. The journey is being facilitated by Lucknow Management Association.Addressing reporters on Thursday, president, LMA Rakesh Mittal said, \"Most of the people going there have their roots in Pakistan. Therefore it is going to be a lifetime experience for the visitors.\"One of the persons, Vidya Sagar Gupta, recalled that he left Pakistan with his family on August 16, 1947, when he was 15 years of age. He had vivid memories of his childhood and was excited.\"I searched on the net and found that the place we lived is still there,\" he said. \"Most of us have an emotional connect with the place and we are trying to rekindle the strings of love, peace and brotherhood,\" added Vipin Gupta. Not just the two, all the 24 delegates are excited. Some of them have got special gifts packed for their friends. They all have penned down a poem as a mark of their love as well. Incidentally, the theme for the conference is 'Leadership for new economic realities'. Representatives from Confederation Of Indian Industry will also be attending the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kudankulam", "code": "16394902", "title": "Kudankulam: Anti-nuke protesters stand in sea waters for second day", "text": "KUDANKULAM: Hundreds of anti-nuclear protesters forming a human chain stood in sea waters for the second day on Friday demanding halting of preparations for fuel loading into the nuclear reactor here.Women and men would stand in the sea waters for two hours in turns, Pushparayan, leader of the Peoples Movement Against Nuclear Energy, spearheading the year-long agitation, told reporters here.Police here said Satishkumar, a close associate of S P Udayakumar, Convenor of PMANE, was arrested in Chennai on Friday for trying to \"instigate\" the fishermen there to join the stir against Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KNPP).Search for Udayakumar, who had announced that he would surrender on Tuesday night, but later did a U-turn, continued, police said. The Coast Guard aircraft and ships maintained surveillance at sea off nearby Idinthakarai as the villagers stood in waist and neck deep water.Taking cue from a similar protest demanding land as compensation and reduction of Omkareshwar Dam recently by villagers of Khandwa district in Madhya Pradesh, PMANE launched 'jal satyagraha' on Thursday, marking a new turn in their agitation, which was intensified after preparations for fuel loading into the plant was announced.More than 4,000 police personnel, bolstered by Rapid Action Force, continued to maintain a strict vigil, having almost sealed the entire Kudankulam town.The Supreme Court had on Thursday refused to stay loading of fuel for the Kudankulam plant but agreed to examine the risk associated to the project, saying safety of people living in its vicinity is of prime concern.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388887", "title": "Government scraps 4 coal block allocations, bank guarantee of 3 others to be forfeited", "text": "NEW DELHI: Under intense fire over Coalgate, the coal ministry on Thursday scrapped allocations of four coal blocks - the first tough action after a report by the Comptroller and Auditor General led to the washout of the monsoon session of Parliament.The government acted with alacrity on the recommendations of the inter-ministerial group (IMG), cancelling the allocations while deciding to seek forfeiture of bank guarantees of three other blocks. The blocks were allotted to five private companies.IMG meetings over the past few days saw intense discussions on the legal and contractual fallout of cancelling allocations but the highest levels in the government were keen that the panel finalize its views so that damage control measures are taken.Action against seven of 29 coal blocks allocated to private firms may not assuage the opposition. BJP and Left have demanded all blocks referred to in the CAG report -- that says lack of auctions benefitted private players by Rs 1.86 lakh crore - be cancelled.But the cancellations can help the government argue it is acting against irregularities in coal block allocations that saw Prime Minister Manmohan Singh come under opposition attack as he was in charge of the coal portfolio when the dodgy allocations took place. Senior ministers felt exemplary action was needed to douse the Coalgate fire.More action is in the offing as the IMG is expected to complete its review of 58 coal blocks that have come under adverse scrutiny on Friday. The de-allocations reflect the thinking in government that largescale cancellations will mean succumbing to a lynch mob.Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal insisted that IMG's recommendations were not driven by Coalgate as the panel had been announced in the Budget in February and set up in May. \"This should settle doubts of the government being under pressure. Companies who do not meet milestones will face penalties,\" he said.The minister, however, was hard put to explain his earlier statements that the screening committee process by which the coal blocks were allocated was the best possible in terms of transparency and merit.Stringent action against the firms allotted coal blocks came after the IMG found these private companies failed to meet timelines on production and development of coal mines and setting up end-use plants.Four blocks that are to be de-allocated are Bramhadih block allocated to M/s Castron Mining Ltd, Chinora and Warora (Southern Part) blocks allocated to M/s Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd and the Lalgarh (North) block allotted to M/s DOMCO Smokeless Fuels.Castron was given the coal block in 1996 and the firm failed to set up an end-use plant. The IMG recommended de-allocation of two coal blocks given to M/s Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd in 2003 for the end-use plant not being in place.DOMCO Smokeless Fuels was allocated one coal block in 2005 but the private firm failed to even get an approval for its mining plan.The IMG has recommended deduction of bank guarantee (BG) in case of Marki Mangli-II, III and IV blocks in Maharashtra allocated in 2005 to Shri Virangana Steels Ltd. Sources said the guarantee is Rs 2 crore.While all the three blocks given to the private firm are in production and its end-use plant is also working, the company failed to meet other milestones.In the case of Utkal B2 block allocated to Monnet Ispat, IMG asked the company to submit bank guarantee of Rs 90 crore -- amounting to three years royalty within a month. The firm has been asked to operationalize the coal block and end-use plant by March 2013 otherwise the block will be de-allocated and bank guarantee forfeited.The IMG made its recommendations after evaluating performance of the eight blocks given to five private firms and considering factors like approval of mining plan, grant of environment clearance, status of forest clearance and land acquisition.The eight blocks are among 58 under scrutiny of the IMG. While these eight blocks were reviewed on Wednesday, 10 more cases relating to big private firms will be taken up on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "16390816", "title": "Don't be proud of these health indicators", "text": "KOCHI: Kerala has always been proud of its health indicators. But this is one figure that Kerala will not be proud of. Only 35% of pregnant women in the state have normal delivery. In contrast, almost 90% of women across the country have normal delivery. This is not all, consumption of drugs in the state is 15 % more when compared with the rest of India.Exposing the defects in the healthcare system in the state, central Ministry of Health and Family Welfare secretary P K Pradhan said, \"Almost 65% of women have caesarean delivery in the state. This is unnecessary and unwarranted. I was shocked when I visited a hospital here and found that no normal delivery had occurred at night after checking the hospital register. Most of the deliveries were caesarean.\" The secretary was addressing the session on 'Healthcare in Kerala - Emerging Scenario' at the Emerging Kerala meet on Thursday.Terming Kerala as the non-communicable diseases capital in the country, Pradhan said that cases of hypertension is three times more as compared to the rest of India, diabetes three times more and mental illnesses almost double. The greatest irony is that even as the state took pride in its past laurels and claimed to have controlled communicable diseases such as dengue and chikungunya, the central secretary bust it and said that there is re-emergence of these diseases here. Mark Kanickrehm, MD, health and public service, Kerala, admitted that re-emergence of communicable and contagious diseases such as malaria , dengue, chikungunya and Japanese encephalitis was a matter of concern.Another cause of worry for the state government is the growth of hospitals in the private sector when compared to the government sector. In the last 10 years, private sector hospitals grew at over 40%, while the government sector grew by only 5.5%. \"Economic prosperity has led to great inequality and growth in the private sector. This has led to public hospitals serving only the poor. We have often seen that service to the poor, becomes poor service,\" principal health secretary, government of Kerala said.He added that the government after introducing free generic drugs in hospitals would now directly negotiate with pharma companies to provide drugs at cheaper rates for patients. The government also plans to redesign the universal primary care system, engage all systems of medicine in managing current problems in health and use IT facilities to ensure universal provision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390491", "title": "Not acting under pressure: Coal minister", "text": "NEW DELHI: The cancellations of four coal blocks by the coal ministry can help the UPA government argue it is acting against irregularities in allocations that saw Prime Minister Manmohan Singh come under opposition attack as he was in charge of the coal portfolio when the dodgy allocations took place. Senior ministers felt exemplary action was needed to douse the Coalgate fire.More action is in the offing as the IMG is expected to complete its review of 58 coal blocks that have come under adverse scrutiny on Friday. The de-allocations reflect the thinking in government that largescale cancellations will mean succumbing to a lynch mob. Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal insisted that IMG's recommendations were not driven by Coalgate as the panel had been announced in the Budget in February and set up in May. \"This should settle doubts of the government being under pressure. Companies who do not meet milestones will face penalties,\" he said. The minister, however, was hard put to explain his earlier statements that the screening committee process by which the coal blocks were allocated was the best possible in terms of transparency and merit. Stringent action against the firms allotted coal blocks came after the IMG found these private companies failed to meet timelines on production and development of coal mines and setting up end-use plants. Four blocks that are to be de-allocated are Bramhadih block allocated to M/s Castron Mining Ltd, Chinora and Warora (Southern Part) blocks allocated to M/s Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd and the Lalgarh (North) block allotted to M/s DOMCO Smokeless Fuels.Castron was given the coal block in 1996 and the firm failed to set up an end-use plant. The IMG recommended de-allocation of two coal blocks given to M/s Fieldmining and Ispat Ltd in 2003 for the end-use plant not being in place. DOMCO Smokeless Fuels was allocated one coal block in 2005 but the private firm failed to even get an approval for its mining plan. The IMG has recommended deduction of bank guarantee in case of Marki Mangli-II, III and IV blocks in Maharashtra allocated in 2005 to Shri Virangana Steels Ltd. Sources said the guarantee is Rs 2 crore.While all the three blocks given to the private firm are in production and its end-use plant is also working, the company failed to meet other milestones.In the case of Utkal B2 block allocated to Monnet Ispat, IMG asked the company to submit bank guarantee of Rs 90 crore \u2014 amounting to three years royalty within a month. The firm has been asked to operationalize the coal block and end-use plant by March 2013 otherwise the block will be de-allocated and bank guarantee forfeited. The IMG made its recommendations after evaluating performance of the eight blocks given to five private firms and considering factors like approval of mining plan, grant of environment clearance, status of forest clearance and land acquisition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "16390063", "title": "Foot-and-mouth disease claims livestock in Arunachal", "text": "ITANAGAR: There have been reports of outbreak of foot-and-mouth disease in Kurung Kumey district of Arunachal Pradesh. Following the outbreak, six mithuns died at Pungrung and Layang villages under Sangram circle of the district, sources said here on Thursday.Sangram BDO T Riba has requested a veterinary doctor and his team from Koloriang to visit the village for vaccination and provide medicines to cure the affected mithuns as they have been unable to treat the mithinsdue to insufficient medicines supply.The Rural Development and Heritage Society requested Kurung Kumey DC to send a team of veterinary doctors with sufficient medicines for those, working in the affected areas to stop the disease from spreading.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16391339", "title": "Not possible to cancel coal blocks right away: Ramesh", "text": "RANCHI: Cancelling the coal blocks allotted to private players as has been demanded by the BJP is impossible because the legal aspects have to be considered.This was stated by Union rural development minister Jairam Ramesh here on Thursday. His remarks came a day after the finance department raised questions on the authority of Inter-ministerial Group (IMG) in recommending cancellation of allotted blocks.Till date the government had been claiming that coal blocks would be cancelled once the IMG was convinced about the inappropriate allotments.Ramesh along with Congress national spokesperson Shakeel Ahmed spoke to the media here on Thursday on the party's stand over coalgate .Agreeing that mining operations have not started in a large number of allotted coal blocks, Ramesh said the reasons have to be verified.\"Long before the BJP started making a hue and cry over the CAG report, our government had constituted an IMG in January this year which is looking into these aspects,\" he said while insisting that it is because of the pending forest and environmental clearance that as many as 17 coal blocks could not start production.\"When I met Jharkhand chief minister Arjun Munda yesterday (Wednesday) he expressed concern over the fate of 1,300MW power plant of the Abhijit Group which is at the stage of completion in Latehar in case the blocks allotted to it are cancelled,\" Ramesh said.He stressed that the CMs of BJP-ruled states cannot deny being aware of the allotment of coal blocks and by demanding the PM's resignation they have become a laughing stock.\"I can say beyond any doubt that Jharkhand CM Arjun Munda and Orissa CM Navin Patnaik recommended for allotment of coal blocks to the Abhijit Group and Jindal Industry of Navin Jindal respectively,\" Ramesh said.Ramesh and Ahmed however reiterated that no one in the Congress, irrespective of the position they acquire in party or government, would be spared if they were found guilty of either concealing facts about the party for which recommendation was made or if they produced fake documents.Asked if the party is aware of the role of Union minister Subodh Kant Sahay who recommended coal block for a company in which his own brother is a beneficiary, Ramesh said the party was serious about conflict of interest and violation of ethics rules, guidelines for which were there in Parliament and within the party. \"If CBI probe or investigation by the IMG reveals that anyone in the public life worked in violation of ethics code either of the Parliament or of the party, appropriate action will be taken,\" he said.Accusing the BJP of uselessly disrupting Parliament, Ramesh said the party national president has been out of touch over the past couple of months because one of his close associates has been a beneficiary of the coal block allotment.\"The BJP wanted to avoid discussion in Parliament as a result of which we have to travel to educate people about the true intents of the largest opposition,\" Ahmed said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391323", "title": "No plan to roll back tax for now", "text": "MUMBAI: Even as the state government and the sales tax department are making attempts to demystify computation of VAT for citizens, a help desk initiated by the latter is flooded with complaints of exploitation by developers.Finance minister Ajit Pawar, though, said the government had no plans for any form of rollback at this stage. Sources said the government fears it would invite criticism of favouring builders' lobby.\"About 20% of the complaints received by the help desk are regarding overcharging,\" a source said.\"We have received a number of complaints and are in the process of verifying these,\" said joint sales tax commissioner Vivek Bhimanwar.The complaints received by the department appear to indicate that developers are using several means to dig into citizens' pockets. A top builder has applied the MVAT liability for deposits and charges such as electricity deposit, and water, legal, development, piped gas, club and infrastructure charges \u2014 for a highrise project in Dombivli. \"Even if these charges are mentioned in the agreement, deductions to the extent of charges paid to authorities are considered while computing liability.\" the source said.A Pune builder has sent notices demanding payment of 15% interest over three years besides MVAT liability. Complaints of builders slapping payment notices to flat buyers for projects which are not under the purview have been raised. Builders are demanding flat 5% of the agreement value from buyers even as they are eligible for setoff for effecting purchase of cement, iron and steel, labour and land cost, said the source.While norms empower the department to forfeit the amount in case of excess collection, officials said a mechanism to ensure that the forfeited amount reaches flat buyers would be difficult to set up. The department is ironing out ambiguities among various payment models.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388704", "title": "GMCH sends rape victim back without medical exam", "text": "NAGPUR: The 17-year-old rape victim was sent back without a medical check-up on Wednesday night from Government Medical College and Hospital, raising serious questions about the sincerity of medical officers.MIDC police staffers, who were accompanying Shruti (name changed) to the government hospital for the mandatory check-up after filing a rape complaint, said the girl was refused a medical examination on flimsy grounds. The police were told to bring the victim back the following day, when experts of the department would be available.This was done disregarding the fact that the time lapse could lead to loss of vital evidences in the rape case and pave the way for the culprits to walk free. Vaginal swabs and findings of external and internal body parts of the victim in rape cases are considered crucial for conviction.Shruti and her mother had come to MIDC police station to report the rape by one Amit Ambade, who was aided by four others, in forcibly bringing the girl to Jaitala. Following the report, MIDC police had immediately taken the girl to hospital. As the medical examination could not be done, police preferred to register the offence at 11.40pm on the basis of the girl's version only.MIDC police took the girl back for a proper medical examination and collection of vaginal swab after around 12 hours of the incident. Sources in MIDC police station said the preliminary report of the medical examination has now been given as 'uncertain'. The 'experts' could not opine whether the rape had occurred or not.A senior official from the police station said the girl's statement was that the culprit had forced himself upon her. But he could not say whether the botched up medical examination and delayed evidence collection would sustain the prosecution case at the trial stage.Dr Ranjana Pardhi, chairperson of child welfare committee, lambasted medical officers for the fiasco. \"There has been a case in the past where the high court has slapped fine on the concerned government doctors for failing to conduct proper medical examination in a rape case,\" she said. Dr Pardhi was also behind the public interest litigation regarding forms and patterns of medical examinations at government hospitals in cases of sexual abuses.Dr Pradeep Dixit, vice dean and head of the department of forensic medicine, said that he would look into the case. \"It is the gynaecology department which conducts such tests on rape victims, but we need to examine the situation,\" he said. Dr Dixit assured to look into the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai/mumbai", "code": "16392758", "title": "Sistema in talks to acquire Aircel?", "text": "CHENNAI/MUMBAI: Malaysian billionaire of Indian origin T Ananda Krishnan has held direct talks with Russian telecom giant Sistema to sell 74% stake in his mobile telephony company Aircel, said sources aware of the development. Sources said Ananda Krishnan, or TAN as he is called, and his local partner, the Reddys of the Apollo Hospital Group, want to quit India's telecom sector which is mired in controversies.TAN's Maxis Communications, which owns majority shares of Aircel, is discussing a Sistema proposal which values the Indian mobile operator at about $6 billion, said a source mentioned above. The valuation number could not be confirmed independently. Russian conglomerate Sistema operates the MTS brand in India through a joint venture with Shyam Telelink.The development could mark the biggest shake-out in India's scam-hit telecom industry, which has seen business valuations collapse after a controversy erupted on 2G spectrum allocations two years ago. Sources said there was no certainty that ongoing talks would lead to a deal.UAE-based telco Etisalat and Bahrain Telecommunications exited their smaller Indian joint ventures in the past 12 months after the Supreme Court cancelled 122 mobile permits in a landmark judgment in the 2G scam in February this year.Sistema Shyam Teleservices, the JV in which the Russian conglomerate holds 74%, said: \"The talk of engaging with other telecom service providers for a possible acquisition deal is motivated. From the perspective of Sistema Shyam TeleServices, the immediate priority is to seek clarity on spectrum-related regulations from the government and also look at the outcome of the company's curative petition filed in the Supreme Court.\"An Aircel spokesperson said that she did not know of any such development and that the telecom operator will inform the media if any such deal goes through.Industry sources said a prominent Indian industrialist was mediating to facilitate a deal between Sistema and Maxis. Incidentally, Maxis has been open to M&A; options even before its investments were impacted by the controversies. The Malaysian major has invested about Rs 45,000 crore and carries a debt of about Rs 20,000 crore on its Indian unit.Sources said the Reddy family, which is a 26% shareholder, will also exit Aircel after their passive investment in the telco dragged the family into CBI investigations. This follows allegations from serial entrepreneur C Sivasankaran that former telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran coerced him to sell Aircel to Maxis in 2006. CBI is likely to summon TAN in connection with the controversial Aircel-Maxis deal. The agency has registered a case against the Maran brothers, Ananda Krishnan, Ralph Marshall and three companies - Astro All Asia Networks, Sun Direct TV and Maxis Communications - under relevant sections of criminal conspiracy and Prevention of Corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16395019", "title": "Priyanka fulfils father's dream of becoming a singer", "text": "Actress Priyanka Chopra , who made her singing debut through international music single 'In My City', said today that she fulfilled her father Dr Ashok Chopra's long cherished dream of becoming a singer. \"My parents were very emotional when they heard my song. This was my dad's dream.My dad was not all that happy when I became an actor and won national awards, like he is today\" Priyanka told reporters here at the unveiling of the album. \"My father is an incredible singer. I am happy and overwhelmed that my family and friends are here. I am feeling like a newcomer...I am feeling it is my first film,\" she said. Priyanka insisted the album is Indian at heart. \"The heart of this album is Indian. It is a desi girl album. We will be shooting the video soon, we are planning things about the album, we will try and add some Bollywood elements to it. I am very nervous, I am shivering a lot,\" she said.Priyanka revealed that she never thought of becoming a singer. \"I never thought I would be a professional singer, also I never thought I would become an actor. If not this then I would be an engineer. I have never sung professionally...I never knew I would be doing it. I can't believe this is my event and I am overwhelmed,\" she said. \"I grew up listening to music from my parents. My father used to listen to Mohammed Rafi and my mother used ro listen to international music bands like Beatles and Metallic,\" she said. Her first song from the album will be launched internationally officially at the National Football League in the US on Thursday Night on NFL network.\"It is an important and huge thing for an Indian to have this launch at NFL. It is a huge honour to have this one and half minute version there. No Indian has done that. It is surreal,\" Priyanka said.Listen to Priyanka's song 'In My City' on gaana.comHowever Priyanka is quite nervous about singing at live shows. \"I am not prepared for doing live shows. I am very nervous about it. I love performing but when I reach that level I will do live shows. This is just the beginning of my journey in the world of music,\" she said. The album will be available across all physical and digital platforms tomorrow exclusively on Universal music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389722", "title": "File forgery case against costly belt supplier: Anti-corruption bureau", "text": "MUMBAI: The anti-corruption bureau (ACB) has written to the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) and the Mumbai police commissioner, asking that a forgery case be registered against businessman Bimal Agarwal in connection with the sale of security belts to the civic body at steep rates.Sources in the ACB said they have completed the inquiry and forwarded the report to the BMC and the police commissioner. While the bureau has noted that prima facie there is no corruption or bribery involved, it appears that Agarwal has allegedly forged some tender documents while bidding for the BMC contract. \"Prima facie it does not look like a graft case, but we have found that some of the papers submitted to fulfil the tender requirements were forged. So, we have recommended that a forgery case be registered against Agarwal,\" said an officer on condition of anonymity.Agarwal sold security belts to the BMC (for its firemen) at Rs 10,743 a piece in September 2009. A few months later, the vendor sold the same belts to the police for Rs 1,980 each (see box).Asked why a case of cheating should not be filed against Agarwal, the officer said: \"There were no competitors to compare the belt prices. Also, the BMC was under no compulsion to purchase the belts from the said supplier. It was the BMC's decision to give him the contract.\".Sources in the ACB said in January 2009, the civic body decided to acquire what it called a \"total protection system\"; and floated a tender of Rs 19 crore for the purchase of various security items, including the waist belts. The BMC gave the contract to Technotrade Impex, also owned by Agarwal.Some months later, the State Police Headquarters invited a tender to buy security belts with similar addons, and the contract was won by Diamond Technical Industries, which was owned by the same supplier (Agarwal) who had sold the belts to the BMC.Another officer argued: \"On what basis did the BMC agree to the price quoted by the vendor?\"It could be recalled that Agarwal was arrested last month for allegedly giving poor-quality bomb suits to the police. He was charged for allegedly cheating the state government of Rs 6.25 crore. He was later released on bail.Following the 26/11 attacks, the DGP's office issued tenders for 74 bomb disposal suits in December 2008 and eight in February 2009. A contract for 82 suits was awarded to Agarwal and a payment of Rs 6.25 crore was made to him on March 31, 2009.TOI, on September 29, 2011, reported how the state paid the businessman the full amount but not a single suit was delivered. The home department contended that the suits that had been viewed did not conform to the tender conditions and the trader was not prepared for pre-delivery inspection. Home minister R R Patil then said the entire contract should be cancelled.Agarwal alleged that he was being falsely implicated by some senior IPS officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390457", "title": "Police arrest six pimps, rescue six women", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-vice squad (AVS) sleuths of city police arrested six pimps in three raids in T Nagar on Thursday and rescued six women who were forced into prostitution.Police staked out an apartment in T Nagar on a tip-off. Police sent a decoy to the apartment and he confirmed that two pimps were using the place for prostitution. Policemen stormed the apartment and arrested two pimps, Sabeer, 24, and Sumesh, 29, and rescued two women, one from Kolkata and the other from Madhya Pradesh.In a second raid in another apartment in the locality, police arrested three pimps, Kulsan, 34, Ashok, 29, Ameeth Shafi, 28. Police rescued two women, one from Bangalore and the other from Mumbai.Police also busted a prostitution racket run by a pimp, Purushothaman alias Abi, and arrested him. He had brought two women from Kolkata and forced them into prostitution.Police sent the women to the Government Home for Women in Mylapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16391609", "title": "College mulls paper recycling unit", "text": "MANGALORE: While solid waste management (SWM) has become a big issue in metropolitan cities like Bangalore, the department of commerce of the city-based St Agnes College is planning to setup a paper recycling unit on its campus to create awareness about the issue.The paper re-cycling unit will be set up at an estimate cost of Re 4 lakh. Assistant professor of the department Devi Prabha Alva told TOI that the college has already approached people for donating money.\"The unit will be set up by the end of the year. Students have started collecting old newspapers and waste papers from the campus and around it,\" she added.To create awareness on mismanagement of waste and its harmful effects, the college has initiated several drives in the past two years. According to Prabha Alva, the college aims at making students socially responsible by organizing such drives. Student of the college go around the city to collect plastic bags and other plastic waste on a regular basis.According to her, books and notepads produced by the recycling unit will be given to students participating in various seminars and workshops conducted by the college for free.The college also plans to sell notebooks made in the unit and the money collected thus will be utilized for conducting awareness programmes on solid waste managements in rural areas of the state. As part of such drives students have conducted classes on making paper and clothes bags for several villagers and members of self-help groups. The college also sells paper and cloth bags made by students for the past few years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "16390461", "title": "CM showers benefits on Srirangam", "text": "TRICHY: Chief minister Jayalalithaa on Thursday said that though she took care of all the 234 assembly constituencies equally well without any discrimination, Srirangam was special to her. She said she had come to one of the 108 Divya Desams (Vishnu temples), the Sri Renganathar Swamy temple, to dish out welfare schemes to people. The 64-year-old chief minister, who was visiting the temple town for the third time after she took office last year, looked extremely cheerful. She said, \"I have come to lay the foundation for Rs 82.63 worth new schemes. I have also allocated Rs 27.13 crore for completion of earlier schemes\".\"Though I stay in Fort St George, my heart is with the people who live around Rockfort,\" she said at the function near East and South Chithirai Streets adjacent to the Srirangam temple. It was her third government function at Srirangam. The chief minister also announced the distribution of welfare sops totalling Rs 50.62 crore that will reach 34,000 beneficiaries of her constituency. She set the distribution ball in motion by handing over various utility items such as goats, laptops, mixers and milch cows to 34 beneficiaries. \"In all, I have come with schemes worth Rs 160 crore,\" she told her constituency.The chief minister's first of the two functions to distribute sops was scheduled at 11.45am, but she entered the stage half an hour behind schedule as her convoy was stopped by members of the Makkal Kalai Ilayakkiya Kazhagam who protested by holding black flags at TVS Tollgate junction. As a result, the second function in which she was to inaugurate the daylong Annadanam programme within the 1,000-pillared sprawling hall, was also delayed by more than an hour. Seven beneficiaries were forced to wait for more than 45 minutes after they had been served the 15-item lunch except the scoop of rice that was to be symbolically served by the chief minister. Jayalalithaa entered the luncheon hall at 1.20 pm, and officially inaugurated the Annadanam by serving rice and sambhar to the seven, including a boy.The chief minister said the Annadanam scheme was close to her heart and she wanted to revive it again after the previous government debunked it. Her government had first started the onetime free meal scheme at 63 temples across the state in 2002, and later it was expanded to 468 temples. This time the CM wanted to make it a daylong affair at two temples - Sri Rangam's Sri Ranganathar, and Pazhani's Murugan temples - to start with. District collector Jayashree Muralidharan welcomed the chief minister on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh ", "code": "16391315", "title": "12.36% service tax on commercial property", "text": "CHANDIGARH : Those having leasehold commercial property in city will have to shell out 12.36% per annum service tax, which is being recovered with effect from year 2007. Notices are already being sent out by the estate office. Almost all commercial property in the city after Sector 31 is on lease and it includes the commercial complexes in sectors 34 and 35. The move has invoked sharp criticism from businessmen, who claim that they are already paying heavy lease money, and the administration is putting unnecessary burden on them. In sharp contrast, commercial property in Mohali and Panchkula is freehold and is free from service tax. On the other hand, an official said the decision to charge service tax had been taken five years back and UT was only recovering it now.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391211", "title": "Capturing trauma of women in North-East", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The adage 'a picture is worth a thousand words' seems to be right after having a look at the photographs of Delhi-based artist Kausiki Sarma at the art gallery of Alliance Francaise in an exhibition named \"Vignettes of Resilience: Armed Conflict and Women in Northeast India\". Bringing forth the trauma, anguish, suffering and hope of women from North-East, this exhibition aims at making people living in different parts of the country and the world aware about what goes on in and around North-Eastern states. \"Everyone's knowledge about north east is limited to what the text books have stated but there is much more than that. There are various things that need everyone's attention and this exhibition is an effort to bring forward the unheard voices from this region. I am sure of the fact that whosoever visits the exhibition would surely search on net for more and their efforts would get the desired result,\" said Kausiki. This exhibition is a compilation of 49 photographs taken in the north-east India. It is the product of two separate projects she has been a part of. One was on the impact of armed conflict on woman in Assam and Nagaland (conducted by the Centre for Northeast Studies and Policy Research in 2009-10, supported by the Heinrich Boll Stiftung) and the second involves testimonies of women survivors of armed and gun violence in the state of Assam and Manipur (conducted by the Control Arms Foundation of India and Manipur Women Gun Survivors Network). The collective trauma and profound resilience of these women over the decades of conflict is the band which connects these photographs. Talking about her experience during the projects, Kausiki said, \"Even though I was born and brought up in Assam, I was only aware of the facts that I read in the books. But being there and experiencing the trauma of the women who have lost their husbands, sons, brothers, fathers and are still living under constant fear, was something new for me. After this, my perspective of looking at life transformed completely.\" The women shared their powerful and gripping testimonies, across space and time, yet the pain and suffering in their heart, their resilience with which they have lived with their stories, remains the same. Also, this exhibition pays homage not only to the North-East Indian women, but to all women who have suffered but are moving on with the broken pieces of memories. The emotion, the landscape, the daily life are well-emphasized by the photographer. The exhibition is on till September 24.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391336", "title": "Customs nets 17-yr-old with Rs 72L in currency notes, iridium worth Rs 30L", "text": "MUMBAI: In possibly the biggest haul of Indian currency by customs, a minor was arrested at the airport on Wednesday with Rs 72 lakh. The Air Intelligence Unit (AIU) also haul from the boy iridium worth Rs 30 lakh, making the total seizure worth Rs 1.2 crore. The AIU said it had never seized such a big amount of original Indian currency at any airport.The detention and arrest of the boy was preceded by a day of drama. Around 6am, the 17-year-old landed in Mumbai from Hong Kong; he was bound for Dubai.While he was checking in for the Dubai flight, airline officials detected the presence of a powder in his luggage. The officials said the boy was unnerved by this and did not insist on boarding the flight. Instead, he called his father, Mohammed Rangrez, who was in Dubai.\"The boy was to board the flight at 11.30 am. He did not step out of the airport for almost 11 hours. Meanwhile, Rangrez took an Air Arabia flight to Mumbai to come to his son's aid,\" a customs official said.Rangrez landed in Mumbai at 9 pm, but went to a section of the terminal building different from where his son was. Unable to contact his father, the boy decided to exit the airport and took the green channel out. \"By then, immigration authorities had already sent a message to customs about the presence of a power in his bag. The AIU was already on the lookout,\" an airport official said. Around 11pm, the boy was intercepted by an AIU batch led by assistant commissioner Sameer Wankhede.\"We found iridium in his bag. Under the metal was a layer of tamarind packets, beneath which the money was hidden in polythene bags. The bags were thin and matched the colour of the suitcase bottom,\" the airport official said. \"The currency amounted to Rs 72 lakh in denominations of Rs 1,000 and Rs 500.\"Upon questioning, the boy told AIU officers his father, too, was at the airport. An officer said Rangrez was found and detained. The father-son duo was later arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "16390278", "title": "Visakhapatnam remembers 'pledge' composer", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: \"India is my country and all Indians are my brothers and sisters...\" This famous national pledge recited by schoolchildren was composed in Visakhapatnam by then district treasury officer, Pydimarri Venkata Subba Rao, a native of Anneparthy village in Nalgonda, 50 years ago in 1962.The original pledge composed in Telugu, first heard in a school in Visakhapatnam in 1963, was later translated into English, Hindi, Marathi, Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada and various other vernacular languages and incorporated as the national pledge to be recited on the Republic Day in 1965. The author was a multi-faceted personality and a polyglot having achieved mastery in Sanskrit, Telugu, English and Arabic. He wrote on various subjects, including naturopathy besides authoring many books in Telugu, including a popular novel, 'Kalabhairavudu'.It must be noted that his efforts to popularise the pledge were encouraged by then education minister Raja Saheb of Vizianagaram, P V G Raju and nationalist Tenneti Viswanatham. Sources at the Tenneti Foundation say that Venkata Subba Rao was a frequent visitor at the residence of the late Tenneti. The duo diligently worked to ensure that the pledge was accorded constitutional recognition.Surprised by the fact that people had remembered his father, Venkata Subba Rao's son P V Subramanyam, observed that even he did not know that his father had authored the pledge till his 20s. \"I was not aware of the fact that my father authored the pledge till a year before he passed away. It is nice to know that my father is getting due recognition,\" Subramanyam said and requested the government to give credit to his father for the pledge.The Uttarandhra Rakshana Vedika wishes to bring to public notice the fact that the pledge was first composed in Visakhapatnam and heard in the schools of the city. Moreover, the authorities are pressuring the government to celebrate the completion of 50 years since the pledge was composed, in memory of Venkata Subba Rao who passed away in 1988. The Vedika approached the government and various bodies such as the Tenneti Foundation for details concerning the author, who had slipped into anonymity while the pledge was being taken by every school kid in the country. Schools, institutions and NGOs have been invited to participate in a mass gathering where they would take the pledge as a tribute to the author.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394681", "title": "Sangeeta Ghosh to return with 24 Frames's next", "text": "Sangeeta Ghosh's return on small screen after a long hiatus has become a talk of the town these days. The bong beauty after trying hands on various genres has finally decided to make a come back after contemplating a lot of offers.We have exclusive news on her return. Sangeeta Ghosh has been zeroed on to play a lead on Zee TV's next, produced by Nandita Mehra and Bhairavi Raichura's 24 Frames.We broke the news exclusively about 24 Frames churning out a new show for Zee TV, which is loosely based on Dharma production's Kabhi Alvida Na Kehna with two lead couples. Hence, the makers have toped on Sangeeta Ghosh to play one of the leads in the show.On contacting, Sangeeta said, \"From where did you get this buzz, I am amazed. Though the makers have approached me, I haven't signed the dotted lines yet. In fact I am out of town, enjoying my vacation.\"Sangeeta we would indeed suggest you to enjoy the vacation before going back to the grind!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391028", "title": "Hospitals not hit", "text": "The impact of the bus strike on hospitals was minimal though there was some staff shortage. There was about 15%-20% staff shortage, mostly of nurses and other support staff, in the government-run Vani Vilas and Jayadeva Hospital. But work was not affected.Said Dr CN Manjunath, director, Sri Jayadeva Institute of Cardiology and Research: \"About 15% staff were absent, but the overall work was not affected as 80% of our staff have a two- or four-wheeler. However, those who use public transport could not report to work.\"Dr Some Gowda, medical superintendent, Vani Vilas Hospital, said 20% of the support staff did not come. In Bowring Hospital, about 35% nurses and support staff were absent, said an official.\"The strike did affect the presence of nurses in our hospital. About 10%-15% nurses and ward boys were absent on Thursday,\" said Dr George D'Souza, chief medical officer, St John's Hospital.\"Not only staff (20% on leave), but we also saw decline in number of patients. The OPD had about 50% less patients,'' said Dr Ajith Benedict, vice-president, Hosmat Hospital.Manipal Hospital, Fortis Hospital and Narayana Hrudayalaya, however, had almost full staff attendance as they had their our own pick-up service and had made additional arrangements.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16390698", "title": "Poor maintenance of subways is a criminal waste of public funds", "text": "This is just another example of how infrastructure built with public money is being allowed to effectively go waste because of poor maintenance. The picture is not very different in many of Delhi's subways. It is really a criminal waste of public funds to allow these subways to fall into disrepair and disuse. The civic agencies responsible for maintaining these places must be held accountable. The individual officials whose job it is to oversee their upkeep must be taken to task, if this kind of thing is to checked and reversed.Related story : Once a subway, now a toilet", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "cuttack", "code": "16391212", "title": "Ravenshaw journalism students on hunger strike", "text": "CUTTACK: Students of the journalism and mass communication department of Ravenshaw University are on a hunger strike since Wednesday demanding immediate recruitment of permanent faculty members.The agitating students have alleged that there are only two permanent teachers in the department which has a student strength of 130. They also alleged that the department lacks basic infrastructure such as classrooms and a well-equipped library. Students also want that the department, which is now run by a private organization under self-financing arrangement, should be immediately taken over by the university. The syllabus has not been updated for long. In the last six months, this is the second time the students have resorted to hunger strike with their demands.\"The department is facing acute shortage of teachers, due to which students are suffering a lot. We have complained about it to the university authorities but to no avail,\" said an agitating student. \"Due to shortage of classrooms, classes for the first-year and second-year students are conducted in a single classroom in two shifts,\" said Gautam, another student.On the other hand, university authorities said steps are being taken to resolve the issues.\"We are aware of the problems of the students and measures are being taken to resolve their issues,\" said Sanjay Satapathy, a lecturer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391702", "title": "In the saddle, but no control over reins", "text": "LUCKNOW: Is Akhilesh Yadav really in control of UP? This is a question that keeps popping up far too often to be dismissed lightly. It cannot be denied that it was Akhilesh's youthful appeal, his clean image, his very difference from old, jaded leaders and their hollow rhetoric that swung it for the Samajwadi Party in the assembly elections. There was a sense of hope when the party elected him chief minister.It seemed possible that the young leader, 38 years old, who had studied abroad, who was clued into technology, would manage to steer UP out of the colossal mess, implement bold decisions, bring about change, and make a break from the fractious politics of the past. But six months into power, there are enough indications that Akhilesh does not a have a free hand, that while he may be chief minister, he is badly hamstrung by his father and uncles.A survey, conducted by IPSOS, a global market research agency, exclusively for The Times of India, reveals that an overwhelming 72% people in UP feel that Akhilesh's father Mulayam Singh Yadav , who is also the Samajwadi Party (SP) president, is acting as a super chief minister. Worse, about 63% people believe that 'powerful and influential uncles' are getting in the way of Akhilesh and his decisions.While 52% of those polled 'completely agreed' that Mulayam was acting as the super chief minister ruling from behind, around 20% said they 'somewhat agreed'. In comparison, only 11% 'completely disagreed' with the notion and 4% 'somewhat disagreed' that Mulayam was ruling by proxy.The public opinion is based on what they witnessed in the past six months. Akhilesh took charge of the state on March 15 amid high expectations and hope. It was visible in the huge turnout of people in the Janta Darshan programme, one of the several positive initiatives taken by him. But despite being accessible, enthusiastic and with new ideas, the impression gaining ground is that he is not in control.Akhilesh may have successfully removed the anti-English and anti-computer tag from SP, but he is being pulled apart by several power centres (his uncles) in the government and he is yet to come out of his father's shadow. In fact, it started the day he took oath. Of about 50 ministers, around 19 had criminal records, including a few with serious charges. All were selected by Mulayam whose stamp was also visible in the administrative reshuffle and posting of officers.Significantly, when the SP government completed 100 days in office on June 23, Mulayam gave 100% marks to his son and said the performance of the government should be judged after six months. But, a little over a month later, on August 1, Mulayam rapped party leaders at the state executive meeting. He said the performance of the government was far from satisfactory. Akhilesh responded by saying that he will try to live up to the expectations of his father. However, SP sources said Mulayam was forced to intervene because things were not in control as senior ministers were not listening to Akhilesh.In fact, Opposition parties had started calling Akhilesh 'bechara' because of the pulls and pressures of Shivpal Yadav and Azam Khan. Trouble started even before Akhilesh was sworn in. When Akhilesh's name was proposed for the post of chief minister at newly elected SP MLAs' meeting by party general secretary and Mulayam's cousin, Ram Gopal Yadav, Azam made his reservation public by asking Mulayam if he would not like to rethink and take charge as chief minister himself.Since then Azam and Akhilesh have a strained relationship, although Azam was given important portfolios like urban development and minority affairs. Early on, Mulayam did try to clip Azam's wings by promoting Shahi Imam of Delhi Jama Masjid, Maulana Ahmed Bukhari, but was not successful because the latter demanded more than what the party was offering.Azam did not speak against the party leadership then but caused a major embarrassment on April 17 by nominating Khwaja Haleem -- who was expelled from SP by Akhilesh for anti-party activities -- as a member of the State Haj Committee. Mulayam had to intervene and revoke Kahlim's expulsion on April 28. Mulayam was forced to intervene again on July 26, when Azam wrote a letter to Akhilesh offering to resign from the cabinet and other political posts, after he was unceremoniously removed from the post of minister in-charge of Meerut district.The charge was restored within 24 hours. Another flashpoint came on August 11, when Azam ordered the suspension of Lucknow Municipal Commissioner N P Singh on charges of laxity but Akhilesh did not approve of the decision. As a result, Azam stayed away from chief minister's iftar party and later refused to clear files saying he would not work till 'indiscipline and insubordination' in the government was controlled. Azam 'reconciled' only after Akhilesh paid a visit to him and transferred NP Singh on September 2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16391014", "title": "Railways clinch overall title in the National Open Athletics Championships", "text": "CHENNAI: Railways proved their dominance once again winning the overall title in the 52nd National Open Athletics Championships garnering 327 points. Services came second with 138 and ONGC third with 114 points. On the last day of the championship Tintu Luka of Railways took centre stage with Tamil Nadu athletes relegated to supporting cast.PT Usha's ward Tintu easily romped home to the gold in the women's 800 m. Such washer dominance that there was a gap of close to 25m between her and teammate SR Bindu who took the silver. West Bengal's Fulhan Khatun took the bronze after ONGC's Jyoti Rani was disqualified for pulling Jesssy Joseph's (another Usha ward ) jersey close to the finish line.Speaking after the race Usha was having mixed emotions. \"Tintu is in a different class altogether but we were not taking it very seriously. After her Olympic experience she was just warming down and recovering. Her focus is on next year's Asian Championship and World Championships,\" she said. \"Jessy's case was unfortunate. She is just 16 and if she had not been pulled back she could have gone on to win a medal, which have done wonders for her confidence.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16391670", "title": "'Change laws to rehabilitate ex-prisoners'", "text": "MYSORE: Principal district and session court judge Mohan Sripad Sankolli on Thursday said that laws need to be amended so that prisoners get government jobs after their release.Speaking at the orientation program conducted to mentally revive women prisoners at Mysore central jail, he said: \"Prisoners are not welcomed by their relatives. Later on, they don't get job opportunities. Government has to change the law to make sure that they get government jobs once they come out of jail.\" It must look at the positive aspect and help them lead a normal life, he added.Judge Sankolli said that society should accept those who have served prison terms. \"It is high time the society changes and accepts them,\" he hoped.Principle civil judge B Nandakumar said that society does not give chance for prisoners to lead a normal life when they come out of jail. \"Prisoners must not fear that they won't be accepted by society. They have to live in such a way that everyone appreciates them,\" he added.Judge Nandakumar suggested for creating awareness among the people to accept prisoners like other persons.Jail superintendent P N Jayasimha said that those serving prison terms for years become mentally depressed, and get admitted to asylums.\"The government must release women prisoners who have served 14 years of term,\" he said.The superintendent also appreciated the women inmates of Mysore jail for looking after their families outside. \"Prisoners must become mentally and economically strong. To ensure that, the jail is training them in tailoring and knitting,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390541", "title": "Dengue strikes kin of Raj Bhavan employee", "text": "KOLKATA: The dengue menace gnawing at the cityfolks for over a month has invaded the city's most important neighbourhood - the area around the governor's house. Dengue has invaded the city's most important neighbourhood - the area around Raj Bhavan.The 11-year-old daughter of a Raj Bhavan employee, who resides at the staff quarters across the Raj Bhavan's north gate, was has been admitted to the CMRI Hospital with dengue on Wednesday. A Raj Bhavan employee said this was the first reported case of either dengue or malaria from the area around the campus this year.The news comes few days after governor MK Narayanan expressed concern about the increasing number of dengue patients in Kolkata and the rest of the state. While speaking at a programme last week, he had also blamed the civic authorities for not reacting promptly to the situation and finding ways to curb the outbreak. had probably been slow in reacting to the situation, Narayanan had said at a programme last week.Later, Narayanan also met the health secretary and asked him about the steps that were being taken to counter the spread of the disease.Aparna Naik , the girl, had been running a high temperature for the past three days before she was admitted to hospital. The girl was her admission and was said to be \"very sick\" by the hospital authorities. She has been vomiting and so we have has been kept her under observation at the pediatric intensive care unit of the hospital, said sources.According to Ruchi Gulash, the doctor who is treating Aparna at CMRI, the victim will have to be kept under observation for a few more days. Even though she was stable, Aparna will remain under observation for a few more days, according Ruchi Gulash, who is treating her at CMRI.\"Aparna is not on life-support, but she is very sick. Though her condition is stable, she still has fever and is has been vomiting often. But we expect her condition to improve slowly with time, though. She is safe,\" said Gulash. Meanwhile, the hospital has decided to send Aparna's blood sample for a Mac Elisa test.Aparna tested positive for dengue after an NS1 antigen test. It's being suspected that she got the virus at the Raj Bhavan quarters where she lives with her parents.Aparna is the daughter of Ajay Naik, who is the personal secretary to the special secretary at Raj Bhavan. The Naiks reside at the staff quarters opposite north gate. Aparna's might be the first case this year, but the area has traditionally been prone to malaria and dengue prone, said according to entomologists.\"There have been instances of Raj Bhavan employees contracting malaria in the past. The campus is huge and it is quite possible for water to stagnate in pockets during bouts of rainfall. A recce needs to be done immediately and preventive measures should be taken otherwise more people may get affected,\" said the employee. and Being a huge campus, it is quite possible that there are stagnant water collections there. It needs to be checked immediately. Or else, more might get affected,\" he said.\"But there have been cases in the past though,\" he said.A Raj Bhavan employee said this was the first reported case of either dengue or malaria from the area around the campus this year. \"There have been cases in the past, though,\" he said.This comes days after governor MK Narayanan expressed concern about the dengue outbreak in Kolkata and the rest of the state. The civic authorities had probably been slow in reacting to the situation, Narayanan had said at a programme last week. He also met the health secretary and asked him about the steps taken to counter the outbreak.Meanwhile, the hospital has decided to send Aparna's blood sample for a Mac Elisa test.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388892", "title": "Kharif sowing target exceeded", "text": "NAGPUR: Till middle of July, clouds of uncertainty were hovering over farming operations in the state as monsoon had played truant. But good rains in most of August have almost removed the shortfall. As a result, now there is only 7% deficiency in rains in the state though some talukas have remained dry and are drought affected.The state cabinet, which on Wednesday reviewed the agriculture situation, was told that 101% of the kharif crop sowing target was achieved. The average area under kharif cultivation is 132.34 lakh hectares. But by last weekend, sowing operations were completed in 133.10 lakh hectares, thus exceeding the target.As per the government data, the state till September 10 received total rainfall of 973.4mm which was 93.5 % of the average quantum it receives. Of the 355 talukas, only one recorded less than 25% rains, 32 got between 25 and 50%, 81 talukas recorded 50-75% rains, 126 between 75% and 100% and 115 talukas have received more than 100% rainfall of average.Meanwhile, the combined water stocks in the 2,467 reservoirs of the large, medium and small irrigation dams together rose to 67% or 23,517 million metric metres. However, this water level was far less than 81% recorded in the corresponding period last year. This year, as far water stocks are concerned, Konkan tops with 92% while at the other end of the spectrum is Marathwada with barely 14%. Nagpur division is fairly comfortable with 81% of its reservoirs filled up while Amravati has 71%.While the progress of paddy crop is satisfactory, excessive rains in Amravati division and some other parts have reportedly affected soyabean and cotton crop. In Nagpur division, there was reported crop loss in about 25 lakh hectares. Union minister Mukul Wasnik will be reviewing the situation of loss suffered by farmers in Nagpur district at a meeting of officials convened in the city on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390019", "title": "Experts to mull urban economic development in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: Bihar is one of the least urbanized states in India with only 2% of its total geographical area being urban. Skewed urbanization pattern, high migration, high share of unemployed youth in population, lack of adequate technical education and job opportunities and poor business climate etc have contributed to the lowest urbanization.The employment rate in the state is only 42% as compared to 52% at the national level and the female employment rate is abysmally low at 6.9% as compared to 25.7% at the national level.These points have been highlighted in the background paper of a conference on urban planning beginning here on Friday. At the conference, experts will discuss urban local economic development framework and initiatives undertaken at national and international levels.The conference, 'Developing urban economies in Bihar', which is being jointly organized by the state urban and housing development department, Asian Development Research Institute, Patna and UK-based Department For International Development (DFID) intends to address primarily four key Bihar urban development issues.These issues are: (a) What are the institutional and governance challenges and opportunities to shape cities as engines of economic growth? (b) What are the city economic cluster development and investment opportunities in urban Bihar? (c) How can Bihar improve investment attractiveness of its cities and address infrastructure and skill gaps as part of its urban development planning policy? (d) What are the key policy and strategic interventions required to mainstream the urban poor for achieving inclusive urban development?This conference is expected to recommend key action points for structuring the economic development role of cities, said an official.Even though the business climate of Bihar, particularly the law and order situation, has improved during the past few years, inadequate private sector investment orientation of local governments, inadequate infrastructure, particularly power, skill gaps, and high transaction costs in doing business remain some of the challenges to give effect to investment promises in the state.Chief minister Nitish Kumar will inaugurate the conference. A number of experts, including DFID India chief Sam Sharpe and Narayanan Edadan of Support Programme for Urban Reforms (SPUR), besides several senior government officials and entrepreneurs will also attend the conference.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388341", "title": "Valuables worth Rs 3.50 lakh looted from jewellery shop", "text": "NAGPUR: Burglars decamped with valuables worth nearly Rs 3.50 lakh from a jeweller's shop at Kotwal Nagar on Thursday early morning.The well-equipped burglars seem to have already surveyed the shop, Chambole Jewelers, before they struck. However, a miscalculation on the burglars' part reduced the owner's loss to some extent.The burglars had got cylinders for their gas cutter but ran out of gas before they could cut completely through the strong vault which needed 14 keys to open. Only a hole could be cut out on the front side of the locker. The burglars could only pull out three trays in which around 100 gm gold was present. They opened the cash box and took away around half-kg silver and Rs 4,000 cash.To shield themselves from view, the burglars had tied a sari across the channel gates before they made a square hole big enough for one man to slide in with the cylinders, wire cable and gas cutters. A woman across the road even spotted the men from her balcony, but chose to ignore it and retired to bed.The shop also had burglar alarm attached to their shutter. However, it was designed to go off only if the shutter was wrenched open or lifted. The burglars cut through the shutter so as not to set off the alarm. The Chamboles also had ordered for CCTVs but the gadget was yet to be delivered.The miscreants, who had come in a car as later indicated by the police canine squad, left behind the empty cylinders and the wires. A pair of shoes was also found at the spot. It is learnt that the burglars had also locked the doors of the ground floor apartment of the Bhagat family. The burglars, however, did not notice that two other doors of the apartment on the other side were not locked. It was the Bhagats who were the first to notice the theft and raised alarm.The Chamboles rushed to their shop after learning about the incident. This was the second incident at their shop. In an earlier incident, the miscreants had tried to break the locks open but were unable to gain entry.Rana Pratap Nagar police have registered an offence. The incident has raised question about the night vigilance mechanism of the police station and personnel engaged in patrolling the main road where the incident took place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391234", "title": "Water-less teachers write to PU registrar", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The teachers' union on Panjab University campus is irked by the treatment meted out by the non-teaching staff to them, particularly on complaints of low water pressure in residential area of south campus in Sector 25. Panjab University Teachers' Union (PUTA) has written to the PU registrar and the XEN office, about problems of low water pressure and deficient water supply being faced by residents of Sector 25 campus. Repeated reminders to the office or registrar have fallen on deaf ears, states the letter. This step by PUTA officials has evoked quite a response from teachers, who have expressed anguish over this matter hanging in balance for a very long time. \"Functioning of the university construction office needs to be streamlined,\" mentions the letter of PUTA office-bearers. \"Teachers have to repeatedly visit the construction office for small complaints. They are told that funds are not available, labour is short or material/fixtures are not in stock. Teachers, who are allotted new accommodation have to wait for months to have their houses renovated,\" say PUTA officials. The teachers union has cautioned that if no action is taken, they will be forced to protest on campus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "16388951", "title": "New crocodile in zoo resists taming", "text": "INDORE: The zoo officials are having a tough time in naming their new guest- seven-year crocodile. Reason: The ferocious reptile is not allowing anybody to get close to it due to sudden change in its habitat. \"Unless we get to know about the sex of the crocodile, how would we name it,\" quipped zoo in charge Dr Uttam Yadav, hoping that they would be able to know whether the crocodile is a male or female.It was on September 8 that the forest department officials brought it from Karsani river near Dewas. \"Since it has been brought from the wild, the carnivorous reptile is finding it difficult to adjust in the captive environment of a zoo,\" said the zoo in charge adding there is no way the reptile can be calmed. The zoo officials are keeping a close watch on the crocodile through the night.The crocodile is being fed about 5 kg of beef every day. \"Since we do not know the quantity of food the crocodile consumes during a day in its original habitat, we thought of feeding enough quantity of food for it,\" Dr Yadav.\"Youngsters are spending hours watching its aggressive behaviour which otherwise is not a case in a place like zoo,\" he said. The new guest has been kept with the mars species of crocodile. \"Similar species can be kept together without any harm,\" said the zoo in charge. The new member of zoo belongs to the mars species. There are all of 20 crocodiles in the zoo and they are divided into mars and venus categories.In order to create awareness about wildlife, he said that the zoo is going to hold wildlife awareness programme for the visitors from October 2 to 7. \"We do have several animal exchange programme. We are going for a pair of lion exchange programme from Sakkarbag zoo, Gujarat. For lion, it has been approved but not for lioness,\" said the zoo in charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16393270", "title": "Karnataka road transport employees to continue indefinite stir as talks fail", "text": "BANGALORE: Karnataka State Road Transport Corporation employees on Friday decided to continue their indefinite strike after failure of talks with the government to resolve the impasse over salary hike.\"We have decided to continue the stir as government has not accepted our demand to increase salary from 10 per cent to 30 per cent,\" K S Sharma, representative of KSRTC and Bangalore Metropolitan Transport Corporation employees said.Speaking to reporters after talks with principal secretary (Transport) P Ravi Kumar and other officials late on Thursday night, he alleged government had gone back on its promise to solve the deadlock over the hike by citing \"unwanted reasons\".HV Anantha Subba Rao, spokesperson for joint committee of five unions representing representing KSRTC and BMTC workers, said government refused to accede to their main demand of 30 per cent increase in salary, saying the state is reeling under drought and the Centre had increased diesel price.He said chief minister Jagadish Shettar and transport minister R Ashoka should have attended the meeting if they had concern for people, who are facing problems without transport.Rao also said the employees were ready to face anything, including imposition of ESMA by government.However, Ravi Kumar said the employees demand cannot be considered due to the Rs five hike in diesel price, which would lead to about Rs 264 crore increase in expenditure.\"The state is also going through extreme drought,\" he said.He said government would not be in a position to approve tariff hike for transport corporations to meet increased expenditure as it would be a burden on people at this time of crisis.Employees of KSRTC and BMTC had started the indefinite strike on Thursday, protesting against the managements \"unilaterally\" taking a decision on wage revision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391645", "title": "22-year-old killed over property dispute", "text": "LUCKNOW: A dispute over property led to the murder of a 22-year-old youth whose body was found with three bullet injury marks at a mango orchard in Narauna village in Malihabad on on Thursday. The youth was identified as Harish, a resident of Narauna village.Paggal stated in his FIR that Harishanker, his wife Sunita and Pawan Yadav, all from the same village hatched a conspiracy against his son over some property dispute. He has also named a couple of witnesses who saw the three taking Harish with them on Wednesday night. Accordingly they called Harish on Wednesday night when he was watching television at a neighbour's house.They took Harish to Minti Tiwari's mango orchard and shot him dead. They opened three rounds of fire on him, the police said. On receiving the information, police rushed to the spot and started investigation into the murder.According to the police, the three accused allegedly had shot at right temple of Harish, back side of head and on right shoulder. The police said that property dispute between Paggal and Harishanker prima facie look to be the reason behind the murder. Circle officer Rakesh Saxena is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16394121", "title": "BCCI should follow anti-doping, age restriction rules: Union sports ministry", "text": "LUCKNOW: The central government has accepted in its counter affidavit filed in the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad high court that it has been requesting the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) to get recognized as a National Sports Federation (NSF) but BCCI is not paying any attention to it.The counter affidavit has been filed by the union ministry of sports and youth affairs in response to the public interest litigation (PIL) filed against BCCI by IPS officer Amitabh and RTI activist Nutan Thakur in the court.The petitioners have prayed that the BCCI should get the status of NSF and follow the required government rules and if the BCCI refuses, the central government should declare some other willing body as the NSF for the game of cricket in India.In the affidavit, the ministry agreed with the submission made by Amitabh and Nutan that the BCCI should get recognized as a NSF. According to the affidavit, at present there are 51 recognized NSFs in the country. The BCCI had also made a request on February 5, 2011, to get itself recognized as a NSF.But when the ministry sent a letter in April 2011 asking the BCCI to submit its acceptance to the government guidelines on age and tenure limits of their office bearers, the BCCI never replied. The BCCI also did not inform the ministry about the steps taken for prevention of age fraud and for eradication of doping.Further, it did not share information regarding mode of selection and selectors of national teams.As per the ministry's affidavit, though the BCCI does not take direct financial assistance but the government of India provides crores of rupees as assistance through income tax and customs duty exemptions. Many state cricket associations have been provided land at cheaper rates.The next date of hearing is on September 20, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rampurhat", "code": "16390728", "title": "Rampurhat blast toll rises to six, police raids on", "text": "RAMPURHAT: The body of a Class-XI student was found in a bush at Bagtui village near Rampurhat after a huge quantity of country-made bombs went off in the area on Tuesday night.Sasatal Sheikh's body was retrieved during a combing operation on Thursday. Police are searching for more bodies as villagers alleged that there were about 20-25 people at the bomb-manufacturing unit.Deadbody of a student of class-XI was recovered on Thursday from a bush in Bagtui village near Rampurhat where huge quantity of country-made bombs went-off on Tuesday night. Police suspected that the boy identified as Sasatal Seikh also was present at the spot where bombs were being made. Combing operation by police is still going on as the villagers alleged that more deadbodies might be found in hide-outs. According to police as many as 20/25 persons were present in that bomb-making sitting.The bombs went off while the youths were busy at work and thus nobody managed to escape, said police. While one of the youths died on the spot, police on Tuesday night managed to rescue 11 people, four of whom died at the hospital. The seven others were reported to be critical. when huge police could reach the spot one deadbody was recovered , four of the injured died in Rampurhat hospital. Seven others who were admitted to Rampurhat hospital in critical condition were later shifted to Burdwan medical College and Hospital.On Wednesday senior police officers, including DIG Burdwan range, Basab Talukdar and Birbhum SP Rishikesh Meena visited the spot on Wednesday. area and looked after investigation. Meena said,\"We are keeping a strong vigil. Also, regular raids are going on in the area to find out whether more explosive are stored anywhere. Legal action will be taken against those who have been injured,\" said Meena.Cops added the gravity of the blast indicates that huge quantity of explosive materials was stored. after interrogation and investigation.Though the locals claimed that those who were making bombs belonged to TMC neither police nor TMC leaders confirmed it till Thursday. Hardly on Monday a clash took place in that village in between two groups . Two persons were injured. Bombs also were hurled during the clash.A senior police officer told that the gravity of the blast indicated that huge quantity of explosive materials were stored there. The villagers told that tension had prevailed in those area for the last few days following rivalry in between two groups.The incident was not first of its kind in this area. In 2001 twelve persons were killed when they were making bombs in a thatched house at Dakhalabati village hardly few kilometers away from this village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh/gurgaon", "code": "16389255", "title": "Small businesses on cyber criminals' radar", "text": "CHANDIGARH/GURGAON: With increasing broadband penetration, people becoming more smart-phone savvy and mushrooming of small and medium businesses (SBMs), which are majorly dependent on various internet applications are on the radar of cyber criminals.According to the internet security threat report of a private company, which is dealing with system security in various countries, around 25% of bot-infested computers were seen in emerging cities, making them vulnerable to cyber crime. \"These companies are vulnerable to malware attack and many cyber criminals are targeting them day and night. Systems not being protected properly can lead to crores of rupees being at stake,\" said Shantanu Ghosh, a cyber security expert, who works with this company.Ghosh said that criminals are attacking smaller companies to use them as a channel to infiltrate into the security system of big companies. \"The security system of these SBMs is not as strong as that of big companies and in some cases, company owners are unaware about the ramifications of probable cyber attacks. The trend of cyber attack has shifted from bigger companies to smaller ones and these are specifically targeted in emerging business cities, because they are in the supply chain and partner in the network of a larger company,\" added Ghosh.Users unintentionally became accomplices to organized cyber-mafia who infect unprotected computers with Trojans that perform actions like sending phishing/spam e-mails without the user's knowledge.\"Over 50% of cyber attacks are aimed at organizations with less than 2,500 employees and around 18% are aimed at companies with less than 250 employees,\" said Ghosh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389903", "title": "7 more suspected swine flu cases in Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Seven samples of suspected swine flu cases were sent for tests here on Thursday. Even as the swine flu scare persists, senior state health officials have called for increased surveillance to keep the H1N1 strain of virus from spreading. Swine flu has led to three deaths in Bhopal.According to health officials, four of the seven suspected cases are local residents. They include two residents of Karond area, a 74-year old and 8-month old infant. A 24-year-old from Pipali and another woman aged around 45.\"There of the seven suspected cases are critical and all are place under quarantine,\" said district chief medical and health officer (CMHO) Dr Pankaj Shukla.Earlier in the day officials of swine flu test laboratory at Regional Medical Research Centre (RMRC) in Jabalpur said that four samples from Bhopal tested negative for H1N1 strain.During a video-conferencing with district health officials on Thursday, principal secretary public health and family welfare, Praveer Krishna stressed on the need increased surveillance keep H1N1 virus from spreading further, according to sources.43 people have been found positive for swine flu in the state with 10 of from Bhopal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391679", "title": "Poor governance: Women harsher critic than men", "text": "A closer look of the findings of the survey reveals that the women have been harsher on junior Yadav in comparison to men on issues related to expenses and governance.Only 14% women said that they were completely satisfied with quality of governance, while 16% men were found to be completely satisfied. Similarly, only 4% women in comparison to 8% men feel that Akhilesh has been successful in fulfilling poll promises.Further, as compared to 53% men, 41% women were of the view that the SP government's attempt to have cordial ties with the Centre had been beneficial for the state.Likewise, only 25% women said that the SP government had so far been successful in bringing investment to the state in comparison to 37% men. And, only 6% of the women respondents - as compared to 13% men - completely agreed that the SP government had been able to project a positive image of the state.When asked has Akhilesh taken any bold decisions so far, only 12% women in comparison to 25% men answered \" Yes \". On the issue of spending crores on distribution of free laptops and tablets 77% women as compared to 71% said that the same money could have been utilised in building schools and colleges.Similarly, only 8% women were of the view that Akhilesh has been completely effective in tackling corruption in comparison to 13% men. On health care, as compared to 27% men, 23% women said that the SP government has taken right steps so far.On a few issues, women have been a little soft. For instance, in comparison to 59% men, 45% women completely agree that SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav is acting as super chief minister. Similarly, in comparison to 67% men, 59% women feel that powerful and influential uncles are getting in the ways of Akhilesh's decisions.The views of men and women are almost similar on some issues like politicisation of bureaucracy, promotion of family in politics by Mulayam Singh Yadav, deterioration of law and order under the SP rule, failure of governance as the main reason for spurt in communal violence in the past six months and that the state government is focusing more on Yadavs and Muslims.LUCKNOW: The Samajwadi Party under its young leader Akhilesh Yadav seems to be losing the faith of the youngsters in the age group of 18-30 years, which played a crucial role in ensuring victory of the Samajwadi Party in the 2012 UP assembly polls. The TOI-IPSOS survey reveals that only 14% of respondents are completely satisfied with the quality of the governance during the first six months of the SP rule, while 53% in the same age group are dissatisfied.What could be more worrisome for Akhilesh that an overwhelming 74% of the youth were of the view that money spent on distribution of free laptops and tablets could have been better utilised in building schools and colleges. Only 10% of the youth feel that Akhilesh has been completely effective in tackling corruption, while 43% of the respondents were of the opinion that the young chief minister has been completely ineffective in tackling corruption. Only 25% youth feel that state government has taken right steps in health care, while 75% say that the young CM not taken any bold decision during his tenure so far.Further, 53% of the youth completely agree that Mulayam Singh Yadav is ruling by proxy as super chief minister and 69% were of the view that Mulayam has gone overboard in promoting his own family members in politics. While 67% youth were not satisfied with the law and order situation, 29% held failure of governance responsible for spurt in communal violence. Only 8% completely agreed that SP government has been able to project a positive image of the state.As many as 62% of the respondents said that powerful and influential 'uncles' are getting in the way of Akhilesh's decision and 58% of the youngsters felt that the state government was only taking care of its core voter base comprising Muslims and Yadavs.However, the silver lining is that 47% youth were of the view that his attempt to have cordial ties with the Centre has been beneficial for the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388646", "title": "200-bed modern cancer hosp to come up in city", "text": "NAGPUR: The ever-increasing incidences of cancer in the city and region have necessitated the creation of better diagnostic and medical facilities for the patients of the disease. With this aim, Central India Cancer Research Institute (CICRI) and Sadhana Charitable Trust have sought technical collaboration with premier institutes like Tata Memorial Hospital for their upcoming 200-bed hospital state-of-the-art cancer hospital and research institute at Wanjri.The proposed hospital will have facilities like chemotherapy, surgery, diagnosis, counselling and rehabilitation and will be equipped with the most sophisticated gadgets, including robotic arms to perform surgeries, nuclear scan and linear accelerator. Renowned oncologist and director of Tata Memorial Hospital Dr Rajendra Badwe has agreed to be the technical advisor for the project.The hospital will also undertake various research activities, informed chairman of CICRI Dr Ajay Mehta. \"We will seek for more collaboration with reputed institutes. This will enable us to provide the best possible treatment at affordable costs,\" he said.Director of CICRI Dr Suchitra Mehta said the hospital will also conduct postgraduate courses in oncology like Diplomat National Board (DNB). She said there would also be provision for free treatment to economically weaker patients or those from below poverty line which will constitute at least 20% of the patients. Other 10% patients will be provided treatment at rates which are at par with those at government hospitals, she added.\"In addition to the standard medical facilities available at hospitals, this hospital will have a separate department of psycho oncology. It will provide psychotherapy and counselling to patients as well as their families,\" said Geeta Mathur of Sadhana Charitable Trust. Many awareness programmes will also be conducted at the hospital, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "16388976", "title": "Blackout in Noida due to technical snag", "text": "NOIDA: Residential sectors were plunged into darkness for over four hours on Thursday evening due to a technical snag at the Sector 20 electricity substation. The snag had its effect on two smaller capacity substations directly connected to it, which led to a blackout in major portions of the city. Even commercial areas and industrial sectors were badly hit.\"Three major substations got affected due to the breakdown,\" said a senior official of Paschimanchal Vidyut Vitaran Nigam Limited (PVVNL), the power discom of Noida.The blackout occurred when a 132KV power transmission line broke down near Baraula village of Noida. The sudden impact led to the breakdown of the 132KV 'busbar' \u2014 an electrical conduction device \u2014 at the 220KV power substation in Sector 20. Due to the snag in the 'busbar', power supplied from this substation to two 132KV substations, located in Sector 45 and Bhangel, got disconnected.Discom officials said overloading may have led to the breakdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389801", "title": "Alleging mental torture, woman kills mother-in-law", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 22-year-old woman who killed her mother-in-law near Sirumugai has been arrested by police early Thursday morning. She told police she had been tortured by the victim and thus resorted to the crime.The deceased has been identified as S Rajammal (55) from Dhasakaliyur who lived with her husband Subramaniam (64), a farmer, in the village. They have one son S Sundar Rajan, also a farmer.Sundar Rajan fell in love with Poorani alias Gayathri (22), and married her four months ago. The young couple lived with Rajammal and Subramaniam. Gayathri and Rajammal could not get along with each other and they quarreled often. Thus Sundar Rajan planned to move to his farm house along with his wife.On Wednesday morning, the house-warming ceremony for the new farm house was held and the couple and their relatives participated in the function. On this auspicious day too Gayathri and her mother-in-law Rajammal started quarreling. Eventually, the entire family spent the night at the old house.On Thursday around 2 am, Gayathri attacked Rajammal with a grinding stone, killing her instantly. On hearing the sound, Sundar Rajan woke up and found his mother lying in a pool of blood. He alerted Sirumugai police who rushed to the crime scene and sent the body to Mettupalayam government hospital for post mortem.Police arrested Gayathri on Thursday afternoon. She told police that she was mentally tortured by her mother-in-law and thus planned to kill her.Sirumugai police have registered a case under section 302 (murder) of IPC and an investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16391472", "title": "67 history-sheeters to be externed", "text": "NASHIK: In the run up to the Ganesh festival, the city police has issued externment notices to 67 persons with criminal record.As a precautionary measure against history sheeters, the city police has begun issuing notices and have also begun acting under Sections 107 and 110 of the Bombay police Act.To ensure that the Ganesh festival, beginning September 19, is held on a peaceful note, city police commissioner Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said process of externment has been undertaken by both the zones of the city police commissionerate.Assistant commissioner of police, Sandeep Palve of Zone 2 informed that the process has been taken up and notices have been issued to as many as 67. He said the process will be over before the Ganesh festival begins and the concerned persons would be externed from the city limits after giving them a fair chance to defend themselves.Apart from this, preventive action is being taken against nearly 160, under Section 107 of the Bombay police Act, under which they have signed a bond to maintain peace. A similar bond for good behaviour is being taken from 110 others, under Section 110 of the Bombay police Act, informed senior police officials.Meanwhile, Zone 1 of the city police commissionerate will also be issuing notices to 14 persons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391389", "title": "Woman held for torturing 4-yr-old niece in Malwani", "text": "MUMBAI: A 23-year-old woman has been arrested by the Malwani police for assaulting her niece. The four-year-old girl had lost her mother and lived with her aunt, Anita Hadkar, at Old Collector's Compound in Malwani. Members of an NGO rescued the girl after they learnt that she had been tortured.\"I had overheard kids from the neighbourhood discuss that the victim could not be seen playing outside any longer. I went to her house on Wednesday with a colleague. I found burn marks on her chest and thigh. Her body was covered in bruises and she also had fever,\" said Mohammad Irfan Kapadia, an NGO worker. Anita claimed that the girl was very mischievous and hitting her was the only solution. She was willing to put up the girl for adoption,\" Kapadia said. The NGO members brought the girl to the police station and a medical exam was conducted.The child would refer to Anita as her mother, having stayed with her almost all her life. \"The child was being branded with burning candles and cigarettes. She did not want to return to Anita's place,\" Kapadia added. The police booked Anita under Section 323 and 324 of the IPC for assault. She was later released on bail. The victim will be sent to a children's shelter.The child was born in Kolkata. Her mother passed away when she was six months old. Her father remarried and she came to stay with Anita and her husband Nitin Hadkar, who have a 2-year-old son. \"Hadkar's family threatened me and told me they could behave the way they wanted with the child,\" said Kapadia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391278", "title": "Cops look for 4 Nepalese men", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A day after the recovery of a semi-nude deeply wounded body of an unidentified man, Chandigarh police have started hunt for four Nepalese, those who came to Chandigarh from Shimla in a Himachal roadways bus on September 10. The body was recovered from a forest area near ISBT-43 and a murder case was registered at police station, Sector 36, on September 12. Meanwhile, posters of the victim were also pasted all Himachal-bound buses and a team was sent to Shimla in this connection. Sources said, \"Prima facie it seems that victim had come to Chandigarh along with the assailants and later accused robbed and stabbed him.\" DSP (south) B S Negi said the victim hailed from some hilly state and it seems to be a case of robbery, and was the handiwork of at least three-four persons. There are four deep injury marks near the head, neck and stomach,\" DSP Negi added. Police had found one of the slippers at a distance of around 100 metres from the body that was so badly stabbed that pieces of flesh had scattered at the spot. However, police have also contacted a number of traders in Grain Market, Sector 26, while showing them the photograph of deceased assuming that he could be an apple merchant from Himachal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389799", "title": "Narendra Modi's security beefed up after terror threat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Central Intelligence Bureau has warned of a terror attack on Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi's Vivekanand Yuva Vikash Yatra. According to top Gujarat police officials, the input specifies that the political entourage could be attacked by Lashkar e Taiba in south Gujarat. The input, according to Gujarat police sources, was intercepted by a team of Central IB and the Research and Analysis Wing (RAW).Modi's pre-poll yatra reached Unai in south Gujarat on Thursday. Police sources said he is likely to be in south Gujarat for another day. Following the input, the CM's security was quickly beefed up. Even before this new threat, Modi already had a three-tier security cover as part of his Z-plus security.A Gujarat police senior official said: \"We have intimated officials in-charge of Modi's security in the yatra that they should not attempt to change the itinerary of the yatra in light of the threat. The third-tier of Modi's security has been strengthened. We have advised the security officials to ensure that Modi maintains a safe distance from public.\"Soon after the input reached senior Gujarat police officials, BJP leaders in Delhi demanded more security for Modi. \"Reports are there with IB that there is a threat to Modi's yatra. We would like to see that the central government takes necessary action and steps so that enough security is provided to Modi's yatra. Immediate steps should be taken for this,\" BJP spokesperson J P Nadda said.Nadda insisted that the Centre should assess the yatra's security and its various aspects and take appropriate action. The BJP asked the central government to ensure that Modi's yatra is conducted without any problem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389731", "title": "Amdavadi in Indian XI for Homeless World Cup", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Rama Makvana, 32, is just another Amdavadi rickshawalo, who needs two jobs to feed his family. He also makes Ganesha idols in the squalid surroundings outside his home at Gulbai Tekra to make ends meet. But on October 3, he will live a dream when he boards a flight to Mexico. Makvana has been selected in the Indian team for the 10th Homeless Soccer World Cup to be held in Mexico City from October 6 to 14.The tournament is organized by the Homeless World Cup Foundation, a Scotland-based charity for the poorest of the poor annually for the past decade. This is the first time that a person from Gujarat has been selected.Makvana belongs to Sharpshooters, a team of slum-dwellers founded by Sarmathya Foundation, which participated in the Slum Soccer National tournament in Bangalore this February and finished fourth. Three Sharpshooter players made it to the national camp, but Rama was selected because only he had a passport.Rama, who lives in a small eight feet by six feet room with his wife and three daughters, earns Rs 9,000 every month from his rickshaw. He was introduced to the beautiful game only because his hut was built close to the St Xavier's College ground. As a youngster, he used to scale the wall and act as an unofficial ball boy for the richer kids playing on the ground.\"Only in the last five years have I realized my love for the game and decided to join Sharpshooters,\" he says. \"In the process, I gave up my gutka habit just to play better.\" He is now putting in six hours of practice for the upcoming event. \"I can't believe I am going to Mexico. I will buy new clothes and pair of spikes and save money to bring back gifts for my daughters,\" Rama adds, choking with emotion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390538", "title": "'Asked to arbitrate as I am the most important Jaiswal\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: Coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Thursday reiterated that though he was approached by the Jayaswal family \u2014 accused in the CBI FIRs into Coalgate \u2014 to arbitrate in their dispute, he didn't take it up.\"They approached me probably because I was holding the most important position among all the Jaiswals,\" he said about the proposal from Manoj Jayaswal, the owner of Abhijeet group and one of the accused in the CBI cases, to negotiate in the dispute within the Jayaswal family in 2007-08.TOI had reported on Wednesday that Manoj's letter to his father showed that the Union minister from Kanpur was to negotiate the dispute within the Jayaswal family. The document showed that the Congress leader was empowered to decide on 14% stake in one of the companies which had received coal block from the government and now figures in the CBI case. The document also said the Lokmat group, whose promoters too figure in the CBI cases, got 26% free stake in a Jayaswal company with coal block for their \"efforts\" to get the allocation.\"About two to three persons had approached me in 2007-2008, asking me to become arbitrator in the dispute. They approached me probably because I was holding the most important position among all the Jaiswals. They trusted me and how can I refuse somebody who shows trust in you? But I didn't have time,\" Jaiswal said.The Union minister told Times Now that all Jaiswals were related to him. \"How can I ever deny that I don't know Manoj Jayaswal and other Jayaswal family members because they are the leading corporates among the Jaiswal community,\" he said.It was because of knowing them that he went for a wedding in the Jayaswal family, the minister said. Like him, senior BJP leader L K Advani and leader of opposition in Lok Sabha Sushma Swaraj too attended the wedding, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16390485", "title": "M K Alagiri, M K Stalin supporters clash at meet", "text": "MADURAI: A show of solidarity between supporters of Union chemicals and fertilisers minister M K Alagiri and his younger sibling M K Stalin turned out to be an ugly display of strength here on Thursday.The venue of the clash between the two factions of the DMK was a protest meeting organised to condemn the alleged corruption in Madurai corporation where Alagiri and Stalin supporters were supposed to share the dias. After the boycotts of Stalin's youth wing election meeting and actress Kushboo's meeting on TESO conference by Alagiri supporters, the protest meeting was expected to bring together members of both factions.Instead, the event brought out the simmering rivalry between the factions in full glare. The protest was called for by the urban wing of the party, against the AIADMK regime and alleged corruption in the Madurai corporation. DMK urban district secretary G Thalapathy was to preside over the meeting at Scot Road.Alagiri supporters P M Mannan, former MLA Ghouse Basha, M L Raj and Stalin supporters V K Gurusamy, Jayaraman, Velusamy, former mayor Kulandaivelu and former minister Pon Muthuramalingam were present on stage. However, altercations broke out between the factions when K Isakkimuthu, former zonal president of the corporation, was invited on stage by Alagiri supporters.Isakkimuthu was issued a show-cause notice for boycotting the Stalin meeting a few months back and was also suspended by the party high command. The suspension was revoked and he was re-inducted into the party.As soon as he started scaling on stage, Stalin supporters verbally abused him and allegedly assaulted him. Isakkimuthu sustained injuries on his leg and was admitted in hospital. The incident triggered a clash between the two groups and the anti-corruption protest was wound up in less than 10 minutes, after the police intervened.Isakkimuthu shot a fax message to the party high command narrating the incidents where he reportedly listed out the names of his attackers. However, he did not lodge a police complaint.DMK functionaries later attempted to downplay the incident. Thalapathy said only the office-bearers were invited to the stage and when many people attempted to get on to stage, it resulted in confusion. He, however, denied any clash. \"It was not a major issue and cannot be termed as a clash between factions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392596", "title": "Barfi! and Heroine hit a rough patch", "text": "R anbir  Kapoor-starrer Barfi! and Kareena Kapoor - starrer Heroine, both slated for release this month, have hit a rough patch.While the satellite rights of both films had been sold by common producer UTV Motion Pictures to Zee TV in 2010, last week, the deal was called off, sending shock waves through the industry.A source from the trade explained, \"The satellite deals of Barfi! and Heroine had been sold by UTV Motion Pictures to Zee TV for Rs 23 crore and Rs 13 crore, respectively, amounting to a cumulative Rs 36 crore. After a round of close-door meetings between UTV and Zee TV last week, the deal fell through completely.\"Asked why the contract fell flat, both parties reasoned differently. While UTV refrained from an official comment, sources from the production house maintained that while the deal was to be re-confirmed in the week of release, they were very confident of their films and felt the deal values locked two years back did not reflect the current value of their products. \"The audience response to the promos and music of both movies has been overwhelming, and UTV believes they command a much higher value today,\" revealed a source.On the other hand, Jayantilal Gada, CMD, Pen India Pvt Ltd, the movie acquisition agency for Zee TV, told TOI, \"UTV has returned the 10 per cent signing amount on Barfi! and Heroine . We had bought the satellite rights of three films from them: Joker, Barfi! and Heroine . Ironically, all three movies got delayed and their release dates got too close for comfort. We could not have got sufficient number of advertisers for three films releasing over a span of one month. We could not have shown three of our films so closely.\"The release dates of Joker and Barfi! were changed many times. Heroine too had its share of hiccups when Aishwarya Rai left the film. Said Gada, \"We had bought these three films when originally, Kareena was supposed to play the lead, then Aishwarya came in, and then again, Kareena re-entered the film.\"Gada was quick to point out, \"This has nothing to do with the content of Barfi! and Heroine, which we know for a fact is excellent. It was an amicable parting with UTV on the satellite business involving the two films. We hope to work together again on other movies in future.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16389992", "title": "Event on Sankardeva teachings in Delhi", "text": "GUWAHATI: To highlight the teachings and philosophies propagated by the 15th century Vaisnavite saint, a special event was organized as part of the 'Srimanta Sankardeva Movement, Delhi Initiative, 2012' by the Assam Association of Delhi in association with Trend MMS in Delhi on Thursday.The event was attended by chief minister Tarun Gogoi, HRD minister Kapil Sibal , and union DoNER minister Paban Singh Ghatowar along with senior bureaucrats and representatives from the cultural and literary field. Noted actress and activist Shabana Azmi was also present in the event.\"We were planning the event for three months. It is an important event as it highlights and presents the teachings and philosophies of Srimanta Sankardeva to the rest of the country. He introduced to the people of Assam the concept of Bharat Bharsha. He integrated the people through his philosophies and social engineering. An hour-long Chrdhora Jhumura, a dance drama, was performed by artistes from Assam,\" said Sashanka Shekhar Dutta, general secretary of Assam Association, Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16389334", "title": "Let Lokayukta selection be transparent: IAC to Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) expressed disappointment that chief minister Manohar Parrikar has refused to amend the Goa Lokayukta Act on the lines of the Uttarakhand Lokayukta Act as promised by the BJP before the assembly election.At a meeting between Parrikar and a delegation of IAC-Goa members held late on Wednesday evening, Parrikar was non-committal on the amendment to the Goa Act. The IAC has been demanding the amendments so that a Lokayukta can be selected in a proper manner.Besides IAC convenor Valmiki Naik, the delegation included Oscar Rebello, Ricardo Rebello, R N Sardekar and others. Naik told TOI that the \"IAC hopes the selection process of the new Lokayukta will be transparent and inclusive to avoid a state information commissioner appointment-type fiasco\".\"The selection of the Lokayukta is most important particularly since it will be Goa's first Lokayukta. It is not the post of chief minister,\" said Naik.Emphasizing on the importance of streamlining the selection process, he said, \"We don't want a weak Lokayukta,\" while adding, \"Karnataka didn't have a strong Lokayukta bill, but they had a strong Lokayukta in the form of Justice Santosh Hegde, who could achieve much (in his term).\"On Wednesday, the cabinet approved rules for the Goa Lokayukta Act which was notified on May 18. The rules pertain to details on the Lokayukta's functioning. The BJP had promised in its poll manifesto that it would appoint a Lokayukta within 100 days of forming the government. Its government was sworn in on March 9 and then president Pratibha Patil gave her assent to the Goa Lokayukta Bill in May.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390948", "title": "Chandigarh-bound train traffic faces delay", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh-bound passengers from Delhi and other states had to face a tough time, as trains coming to the city were delayed by over two hours on Thursday. Derailment of two bogies of a goods train near Panipat had hit their movement. As the incident took place on the track through which trains reach the city, the departing trains, which take another track, were not affected. In the morning, Unchahar Express coming from Allahabad was two-and-a-half-hour late. It was scheduled to reach the Chandigarh railway station at 9.25am. Himalayan Queen too reached here two hours late at 12.22pm. New Delhi-Chandigarh Shatabdi arrived one-and-a-half hours late at 12.40pm. But the delay upset the plans of many passengers. Gurpreet Singh, a resident of Sector 22, said, \"I took Shatabdi because I wanted to reach the city at the earliest to attend a meeting. But I got so late that I had to cancel it.\" \"My health does not allow a long journey and so I preferred train over bus. But the derailment made the travel difficult,\" said Kamlesh Chaudhary of Sector 20. Ajay Sharma of Panchkula Sector 20 said, \"I reached the station at 9.15am to receive my guests. But they arrived two hours late... it turned by day's schedule topsy-turvy.\" Divisional railway manager of Ambala P K Sanghi said, \"Derailment of two bogies of a goods train inconvenienced passengers. The track was cleared in the afternoon.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391635", "title": "SHRC seeks details of man's death after police beating", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking suo motu cognizance of the news item published in The Times of India, Lucknow, on Thursday about a man who was beaten to death by cops, the UP State Human Rights Commission has issued notices to principal secretary (home), director general of police, Lucknow district magistrate and Lucknow senior superintendent of police.Member, UP State Human Rights Commission, Justice Vishnu Sahai has in the notice sought from officials a detailed report about the incident by September 25. He has asked for a complete copy of the post-mortem report of the deceased showing external and internal injuries as also the cause of death. He has also directed that if the post-mortem report show that the deceased was beaten to death by the constables, authorities should ensure that a FIR is registered under appropriate sections of Indian Penal Code against the culprits and they are arrested. The SHRC member also asked that in case of murder, why a compensation of Rs 2 lakh should not be paid by the state to his legal heir/heirs as the case may be. He has issued directions that on the next date of hearing an officer of the rank of deputy superintendent of police should appear before the commission along with the documents sought in the notice.On Wednesday, four constables posted at Malihabad police station raided a field where Kallu was allegedly making liquor along with his son and demanded money. They started beating him with canes and rifle butt and as he tried to flee, he collapsed on the bank of Behta Nullah in Kewal Har village and succumbed to his injuries. Later, villagers kept Kallu's body on the main road and blocked it demanding action against the guilty constables and adequate compensation to the family of the deceased. The district administration accepted the demand and said a compensation of Rs 1.20 lakh would be given to his kin. The four constables were also suspended. Police also said that Kallu was manufacturing illegal liquor and while being chased by the police fell in the nullah and drowned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389728", "title": "Maharashtra plans policy for senior citizens", "text": "MUMBAI: Thirteen years after the Centre framed one, the state will prepare a policy for senior citizens, the aim of which is to make certain that \"society takes responsibility of its senior citizens, ensure them financial security, access to health care and housing and enable them to lead a dignified life\".The government's move is not surprising, given the fact that according to the 2011 census, 1 crore people of its 11 crore population are above 60 years. Of them, 47% are men and 53% women. In rural areas, 50% women in this age group are widows.The draft policy said, people attaining 60 years will be considered \"senior citizens\", who will be further classified. based on their age.Those between 60 and 69, will be given the tag of \"capable of working\", those between 70 and 80 \"elderly\" and those above \"very old\".Minister of state for social justice Sachin Ahir, who has been holding meetings for framing the policy, said the government would make it mandatory for all families to have non-slippery tiles in bathrooms and fix a rod on the wall to help elderly people keep balance. In all new constructions, builders will have to construct a separate bathroom for senior citizens. Besides, elderly people will be provided with a health card under Rajiv Gandhi Jeevandayi Yojana, free or subsidized travel on public transport and discounts on stay at MTDC resorts. The government also plans to direct buses to have low footboardsso that senior citizens can board and alight the vehicles easily; theatres will also have 10 seats -in two front rows and last two rows-reserved for them.Sheilu Sreenivasan, founder of NGO working for elderly people, Dignity Foundation, welcomed the move but said to implement the policy, the existing schemes will have to be evolved. \"Without schemes to help senior citizens access government aid, the policy will not be successful,\" she said. She added that except for Delhi, no other government had, so far, taken any step to implement the 1999 policy.\"It is good that the Maharashtra government is doing this, but by the time it is implemented, the Centre's new policy for senior citizens might be out.\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "16391390", "title": "Missing girl last seen at Mumbai slum", "text": "DALTONGANJ: The minor girl from Chhaterpur, who had disappeared with a youth belonging to a minority community on August 17, was last seen at Dharavi - Asia's largest slum - in Mumbai. They stayed at the youth's relative's place in Dharavi for a couple of weeks after running away from Chhaterpur, sources said. Palamu SP, Anoop T Mathew, said, \"The girl was taken to Dharavi and was last seen there on September 8, after which they went somewhere else.\" Mathew did not want toelaborate anymore saying it could affect investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388864", "title": "Lawyer issues contempt of court notice to NMC, cops for illegal pandals", "text": "NAGPUR: Peeved over blatant violations of Bombay High Court's directives by civic and police administration on Ganesh and Durga pandals encroaching on roads, a lawyer, who is also a social activist, has served contempt of court notices to top officials from the city.TOI has been highlighting the how the court's orders are being violated by the law makers including NMC corporators themselves by erecting Ganesh and Durga pandals on roads and footpaths, hindering smooth flow of traffic. Their illegal banners and posters are also seen at every major squares of the city. In spite of numerous complaints from residents to the police and NMC, no action had been taken.Lawyer Vinod Tiwari has issued notices to district collector Saurabh Rao, commissioner of police Ankush Dhanvijay, NMC commissioner Shyam Wardhane and deputy commissioner Rizwan Siddiqui.According to him, he has been giving numerous reminders via messages and calls since March 20, 2010, to the NMC and police, pointing out violations of court's orders. \"Regrettably, illegal pandals, banners, posters, welcome arches etc are being erected by politicians under the disguise of Ganesh and Durga festivals. Such illegal acts are causing grave threats to road users and hindering smooth flow of traffic,\" he mentioned in the notice.Tiwari said many illegal pandals have mushroomed all over the city on the eve of forthcoming Ganesh festival, partially or fully blocking the roads. \"Most electricity poles and traffic signals have been covered by flags, posters and banners. All this is happening in front of civic and police officials, who deliberately turn a blind eye,\" he claimed.He added that political parties and their leaders were not only misusing the facilities like traffic poles and roads made from taxpayers money but also flaring up communal tensions with such acts.Social activists who had filed various petitions in the court, are already crying foul as the mandals in their over-enthusiasm had not only encroached upon roads but also damaged them to dig pillars for their pandals. Despite clear directives from the HC (PIL No. 6181/2008), a majority of pandals in the city were illegally set up on roads, with full consent of corporation and police officials, they alleged.Speaking to TOI last time, DCP Traffic Jivraj Dabhade had stated that any damage done to roads will be illegal and traffic police will take stern action if corporation officials point it out. He further clarified that if illegal pandals were mushrooming, NMC should seize the material and take action against the organizers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389819", "title": "Rs 26L fake notes: When special operations group failed, Jamnagar cops succeeded", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The fake note racket busted by Jamnagar police on Wednesday has caused much heartburn among police officials of the special operations group (SOG) in the city. Days prior to the operation of Jamnagar police where the cops seized counterfeit currency worth Rs 26 lakh, the SOG officials had questioned one of the key accused in Jamnagar in connection with seizure of fake notes in Ahmedabad. But, the city cops had failed to make any headway in the case.Some 10 days back, an account holder of the SBI, Ranip branch, deposited Rs 6,000. The bank officials realized that the money deposited - 12 currency notes of Rs 500 denomination - were all well-made counterfeit. The matter was reported to the Ranip police which led to the arrest of a woman and two other persons. Later, the in-charge director general of police (DGP) of Gujarat, Chittaranjan Singh handed over investigations of the case to SOG which is a part of the city crime branch.\"The woman, who was arrested in the case, turned out to be a prostitute who had got the money from a customer in Jamnagar. She identified her customer as Altaf Pinjara, an autorickshaw driver. The top brass of city police had not read the situation well and had sent two police head constables to probe the matter. The autorickshaw driver lied that he had got the money from some of his passengers. The policemen's mistake was that they believed Altaf's tales and did not probe further. Senior and more experienced investigators should have been sent for the operation,\" said a city police official.Soon afterwards, Altaf proved to be the weak-link in the counterfeit currency racket of Gujarat. The Jamnagar police zeroed in on the autorickshaw driver owing to his lavish lifestyle and probed deeper to unearth the racket. A total of 14 persons have been arrested in this connection along with a woman and a lawyer. Altaf had suddenly become a lavish spendthrift and paid for small purchases with Rs 500 currency notes. Some currency notes which Altaf gave to a snack vendor led to the unraveling of this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393136", "title": "'I'm in a good place to choose my next movie ' says Kristen Stewart", "text": "Despite her cheating scandal with director Rupert Sanders, Kristen Stewart has admitted that she is having good time acting wise and is ready to choose her next movie.After tasting success in blockbuster movie \"Snow White and the Huntsman,\" the actress has played an important role in the movie \"On the Road\", while her successful Twilight saga \"Breaking Dawn- Part 2\" is yet to hit the theatres.The 22-year-old admitted to MTV News that she is not yet sure what her next movie would be, but she insisted that she is in a good place to decide her next move, the New York Post reported.\"I know it's weird to skirt subjects, but I think it's been said on the Internet that I'm doing 'Lie Down in Darkness'; it's not happening yet. I don't know when they're [going to officially green-light the film]. I love that thing, I would do anything to get that to go, but it's just not yet. Hopefully it does, but other than that, nothing,\" she added.\"It's been a little while since I haven't had stuff mapped out, so it's nice. I'm in a good place to choose,\" she added. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391161", "title": "Symbiosis student of mass communication found dead in hostel room", "text": "PUNE: Rishik Sharad, a first-year bachelor of media studies student from the Symbiosis Institute of Media and Communication (SIMC), was found hanging from the ceiling fan in his hostel room at the Symbiosis' Vimannagar campus here on Thursday evening.Prima facie, the police suspect it to be a case of suicide. \"We are awaiting the post-mortem report from the Sassoon hospital where the body was removed after the incident came to light,\" said a police officer associated with the investigation.The college authorities have described the incident as \"very unfortunate\" but have categorically ruled out any possibility of ragging behind the death. \"We all are shocked and surprised. Even Rishik's parents, who live in Hyderabad, and his uncle as well as local guardian, who resides in Pune, were surprised on learning about his death,\" SIMC director Anupam Siddharth told TOI.The SIMC is one of the three institutes that operate from the Symbiosis sprawling under-graduate studies campus at Vimanagarnagar off the Ahmednagar road in eastern Pune. The other two institutes offer degree courses in design and business administration.Collectively, the Vimannagar campus has 2,000 students while the boys and girls hostels are also located on the same premises with a capacity of 400 and 1,000 seats, respectively.Siddharth said, \"Rishik had joined SIMC in July along with most of his first-year colleagues. He was living in one of the hostel rooms that had a capacity to accommodate two boys. Between 4pm and 5pm on Thursday, his roommate Jay Vinayak, a second-year student from Kanpur, returned from college and tried to open the door when he realized it was locked from inside. After calling out in vain for Rishik to open the door, Jay peeped inside the room from the ventilator. He found Rishik hanging from the ceiling fan and immediately reported the matter to me.\"Siddharth said, \"We rushed to the room and the campus doctor was also summoned, but unfortunately we had lost him. The police were summoned to the spot and the body was removed to the Sassoon hospital for post mortem.\"Asked what could have been thereason behind the death,Siddharth said, \"It is very difficult from our position to judge as to what might have happened. Rishik was just like most other fresh students, who had joined the campus in July. We have hardly interacted with him on a scale to know his nature, likes and dislikes. Even our first exam has just been completed and we are yet to declare the results.\"Siddharth said, \"What we learn from his colleagues on campus is that Rishik was very happy. In fact, last night he had submitted his entry for an on-campus film festival, which is to begin tomorrow. If there was anything amiss, he had never complained or reported the same either to the college authorities or to his parents and local guardian.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394611", "title": "Ravi Babu\u2019s Avunu releasing on Sep 21", "text": "Ravi Babu's forthcoming movie Avunu is hitting the screening on September 21. The suspense thriller, which was based on a real life incident of actress Yami Gautham, has Harshvardhan Rane and Poorna (Seematapakai fame) playing the lead roles. Avunu depicts the fear and apprehensions we undergo when we are alone and Ravi exudes confidence that the film will be a successful one. Director Ravi Babu, who is also co-producing the film long with Suresh Babu and Prasad Potluri, explains that Avnuvu is not a horror flick albeit it has a few supernatural elements. Sudhakar Reddy cranks the camera and Sekhar Chandra composed the music. The film is currently in post-production stage and the first copy would be ready in a few days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "16389753", "title": "Protesters offer jal satyagraha in Kudankulam", "text": "MADURAI: Taking a cue from the jal satyagraha offered by villagers protesting dams on the Narmada in Madhya Pradesh , people opposing the Kudankulam nuclear plant entered the sea and stood in water at Idinthakarai on Thursday.The protests took police, who had blocked all routes to Idinthakarai in a bid to prevent the villagers from coming close to the nuclear plant, by surprise. As men, women and children formed a human chain in waist and neck-deep water, Coast Guard vessels and aircraft patrolled the area. The children were provided with life jackets.\"We want the arrested villagers released soon. Police should also stop harassment of villagers on the pretext of searching for Udayakumar. Due compensation should be paid to people who were injured and lost property in the police action,'' M P Jesuraj, a key People's Movement Against Nuclear Energy (PMANE) member, said.Even as PMANE coordinator S P Udayakumar stayed away in his hideout, the villagers, who had assembled at Idinthakarai, started entering the sea in the morning. They formed a human chain and raised slogans against loading of fuel in the first Kudankulam reactor. The protest in seawater continued till evening.\"Our prime demand is to stop loading of enriched uranium fuel. But our immediate demand is to stop police action against the protesters,'' Jesuraj said. Security was beefed up along the shore and police personnel cordoned off the seaside route to Kudankulam.The whereabouts of Udayakumar remained unknown though reports said he was holding frequent discussions with protesters and other PMANE members. It is learnt that he is in Kuthankuzhi.The judicial magistrate court in Valliyur, meanwhile, issued summons to Udayakumar in connection with the cases registered against him. The summons was stuck on Udayakumar's house at Parakkaivilaku in Kanyakumari district, where a search was conducted. The court has ordered Udayakumar to appear before it on September 18.Idinthakarai continued to be encircled by police. Several other coastal villages are also under vigil. Fishermen in Tirunelveli, Tuticorin and Kanyakumari districts kept off sea to express solidarity with Idinthakarai villagers and observed fast in several places.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389004", "title": "Toy store owner held for rape bid on 7-year-old", "text": "MUMBAI: The Shahu Nagar police on Wednesday arrested a 21-year-old toy shop owner for allegedly kidnapping and attempting to rape a seven-year-old girl. The accused, Altaf Ansari alias Munna, committed the offence after the girl had gone to his shop to buy a toy on September 11. Ansari was caught hiding in the backyard of his Azad Nagar resident in Dharavi.Ansari on pretext of getting the electronic device took the minor girl to the nearby railway tracks around in Matunga around 8pm and reportedly misbehaved with her after removing her closed forcibly. \"The minor girl, a class three student from a convent school in Mahim, suffered injuries on her private parts. She managed to escape from Ansari's clutches and ran home,\" Shahu Nagar police senior inspector NK Mehtar.Mehtar said that the medical examination conducted at the JJ Hospital on the minor girl confirmed injuries on her private parts. \"The victim said the accused removed her clothes and inserted his fingers. She screamed for help and somehow managed to escape from Ansari's clutches,\" he said.The matter was observed on Tuesday when the minor girl found it difficult to walk to her school. Victim's mother who accompanied her got suspicious and on enquiring the reason lodged a complaint with the police. In the complaint, victim's mother said, \"On Monday night my daughter returned home in a shock. She tried to inform me about the incident but I was in a hurry to go to market and ignored to check my daughter's plight. Next day morning when my daughter again complaint that she is feeling pain but before she could tell I got her ready to go to school. I was left in shock when my daughter complaint that the she is feeling pain because the shopowner took her to the railway track on pretext of getting the device and misbehaved with her,\" she told the police.Based on the complaint, the police team went to Ansari's home and learnt that he has been hiding in the backyard of his home after learning that cops were on the way to arrest him. \"We are finding out whether Ansari was involved in similar kind of offences in the past,\" said sub-inspector Prasad Raut.Raut said that Ansari was booked under IPC sections for 342 (wrongful confinement), 363 (kidnap) and 354 (outrage modesty). The Bandra Court sent him to judicial custody till September 20.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16390046", "title": "Both state and central governments must act urgently", "text": "Given the fact that lakhs of Indians are affected by vector-borne diseases each year, it is shocking that the ranks those equipped to study these disease carriers have been allowed to be so thinly populated. The government seems to have woken up rather belatedly to the idea that these posts must be filled up, but that is far from being enough. Clearly, many more are needed in view of the scale of the problem and the number of state and union territories India has. Both state and central governments must act urgently to plug this gap.Related story:  65% of entomologists' posts lying vacant", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389376", "title": "Cylinder blast injures seven in Mankhurd", "text": "MUMBAI: Seven people were injured when a gas cylinder exploded inside a 225 sq ft flat in Vishalgad Cooperative Housing Society, Mankhurd, on Thursday morning. The police registered a case of accident.Police said the burns victims include Shankar Basa (52), his mother Bharati (70), wife Vijaya (45), daughter Swetha (18), son Sunil (28) and two neighbours, Vajira Begum (75) and Azgar Ali (32). They have been admitted to Rajawadi hospital in Ghatkopar (E).\"When Basa and his family failed to douse the fire, they ran out of the flat. Within minutes, the cylinder exploded, injuring them and two neighbours,\" senior inspector S G Rajput said.Basa's wife was cooking when the incident took place around 8.45am. In his statement, Basa said, \"The explosion occurred after my wife changed the cylinder. She fitted a new cylinder as the other one was exhausted.\"\"All the seven injured are out of danger,\" Rajput said. The fire was brought under control by the fire brigade.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391365", "title": "Court orders Raj Travels\u2019 closure over huge debts", "text": "MUMBAI: Early last month, he had ended his life, now the Bombay high court has wound up his company. Late on Wednesday, Justice S J Kathawalla wound up Shree Raj Travels and Tours, the company that Lalit Sheth had built and nurtured for close to four decades, making it a brand name among tourists. The reason: The company had debts in excess of Rs 40 crore and the chances of repaying them after Sheth's suicide appeared slim, said counsel Birendra Saraf, who represented one of the creditors.There were many creditors who had earlier filed petitions to wound up the travel firm. In most cases, Sheth had settled the claims or had made preparations to do so. His troubles really began in mid-2000 when he launched a business in inter-state bus transport. He spent crores to buy Volvo buses and make lavish lounges. The business never took off as planned and he suffered huge losses. Even while he was reeling from the losses, in mid-2008, the European recession hit the travel business hard and Sheth's business was affected too.Debts started piling and in 2008-09, three more winding up petitions were filed by Thailand-based Path Finders Travel Company, Destinations of the World and Rail Europe to recover their dues. Path Finders' counsel Saraf said his clients serviced Raj Travels' clients locally with hotel bookings and travel plans. It claimed dues of Rs 5 crore in 2009.Saraf on Wednesday told the court that \"with the main driving force of the company no more, the likelihood of getting any payment is virtually impossible\". Counsel for Destinations of the World, Dinyar Madon, whose claim was for Rs 5 crore, also pointed to the financial difficulties Sheth's firm was in and Rail Europe's counsel Girish Kedia said his dues were worth about 65,000 Euros.Rajiv Kumar and Abhishek Khare of Khare Legal Chambers who represented Raj Travels, opposed the winding up petitions, saying earlier too, the company was hit by a \"temporary financial business loss\", which could be overcome. They said they had paid off other creditors, including HDFC Bank, and said the accounts of Path Finders and DOTW were disputed. They pointed out that Rail Europe had failed to invoke a bank guarantee of 44,000 Euros issued to it and now could not seek relief from court.When HDFC had filed a winding up case against Shree Raj Travels and pursued it doggedly in 2009, the amount due to it was Rs 13 crore plus interest. Eventually, it ended in an out-of-court settlement in April 2011 with Sheth paying around Rs 6 crore. The State Bank of India, a secured creditor of Raj Travels, has about Rs 30 crore due to it, including Rs 17 crore as the principal amount. But it has the firm's properties charged to it and did not want the firm to be wound up. But the judge\u2014after hearing them all\u2014felt a winding up case was made out. A detailed order would be passed later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388806", "title": "'Ineligible' MCA students storm NU for early action", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as Nagpur University was getting two full-time officers at the helm of affairs after a long gap on Wednesday, the picture wasn't looking very rosy for students. When interviews for pro-VC's post were being conducted in Mumbai, MCA students who have been declared 'ineligible' stormed the VC's chamber here to demand an early resolution of the problem.TOI has been tracking the issue since the first day and reporting how colleges blatantly flouted norms by admitting 'ineligible' students over the last two years.Though newly-appointed pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and controller of examinations (CoE) Vilas Ramteke assured to find a quick solution, sources in the university revealed that NU was contemplating handing over this case as well to its Disciplinary Action Committee (DAC).This means that the innocents will lose their academic year despite being misled by colleges, who admitted them even though they did not meet the required 50% eligibility criteria in graduation. Ordinance number 16 of 2009 clearly mentioned that a student should score at least 50% aggregate marks in graduation to secure admission to this course.Former CoE Siddharth Kane tried to dodge the issue of taking action against the colleges by saying that they have sent the proposal to their standing counsel Bhanudas Kulkarni for legal opinion. However, Kulkarni flatly refused having received anything in this regard.It took over a month for NU to find just six 'ineligible' students after the scam came to fore. Four of them belong to Ramdeobaba College and are pursuing the MCA course this year. The other two are from GH Raisoni and Wardha's Agnihotri College, and they have completed the course last year.All these colleges are run by political bigwigs and education barons, therefore NU administration appears unwilling to take action. In the past too, NU has rarely taken action against erring colleges, which is leading to more such scams, sources said.After the scam was unearthed, NU had served notices to 19 colleges on July 30, asking them to give a list of all candidates directly admitted to second year after completing their Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Science and Application (PGDCS&A;). However, the colleges did not submit replies in stipulated period.Earlier, city Congress president Jaiprakash Gupta had led a delegation of these students to the VC, alleging that over 400 students were stuck in the mess and all of them had paid fees in excess of Rs70,000 per head to the colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390716", "title": "Small IT companies reel under tax and rent burden", "text": "KOLKATA: IT had been the showcase industry for the Left Front government. Even the present government flaunts the industry. But the 'home-grown' small and medium (SME) IT companies in the city have been lying in utter neglect. Reeling under the pressure of high rent and property taxes, these companies will find it difficult to survive if the government doesn't come to their rescue.But little had been done so far for the 'home-grown' small and medium (SME) IT companies in the city. Many of them are reeling under the pressure of high rents and property taxes. Their survival is at stake unless the state government comes to their rescue.The state government, so far, has only seven properties of its own - SDF Building, STP II, Taratala Incubation Centre, Webel Bhawan, Monibhandar, Biotech Park and Salt Lake Incubation Centre - which it can give it out on rent or lease.The total built-up area in the seven government buildings is 5.44 lakh square feet, out of which 4.72 lakh square feet is available for IT and business process outsourcing ( BPO), which can accommodate 103 companies. The entire space has already been given for rent or on lease. Hence, the SME players in IT sectors along with large players have to look for space in private buildings in Sector V, the IT hub of the city.While rent in government buildings is between Rs 35 and Rs 45 per square feet, that in private buildings varies from Rs 55 to Rs 65 per square feet.The high rent coupled with lack of space in government buildings has forced many SME players to shift to other locations in the vicinity of Sector V due. Chandana Bhowmik, chief executive officer of Eastern India Technosoft Pvt Ltd, said: \"We had planned to set up our office in Sector V. But due to dearth of space in government buildings we had to take up a private space in Kaikhali. We cannot afford space in private properties.\" Her company is a SME player with less that Rs 1 crore corpus.Asish Chakraborty, chief executive officer of Orbital Outsourcing Services, is facing a similar problem. He had set up his software development company in 2008. He has been trying to procure a space in a government building in Sector V since then, but in vain.Reacting to this precarious condition of IT SMEs, state IT minister Partha Chatterjee said it was the fault of the Left Front government who did not create too many buildings dedicated to IT players and had often given lands in Sector V to non-IT companies as well. He told TOI: \"IT SMEs together should appeal to the state government and we will give them a patient hearing and try to help them overcome this difficulty regarding space. We are also planning to set up an IT hub in Rajarhat where SME players can apply and they will be chosen based on open bidding.\"Nasscom regional manager (east) Suparno Moitra feels: \"The government should speak to the real estate industry, especially to people who have vacant space in Sector V, to offer special packages to home-grown IT/BPO SMEs, so that they not only avail of space, but create more jobs and also create solutions for the domestic markets at affordable rates.\"Currently, there are around 159 registered companies under the Software Technology Parks of India in Bengal and there are more than 300 companies operating out of Sector V. The total amount of export from the STPI and special economic zone (SEZ) area of Bengal last year was Rs 8,000 crore, which is 10% higher than year before that.In addition to this, HIDCO, under the recommendation of the state IT department, had allotted 30-acres to around 48 SME IT-BPO companies in Rajarhat. It is learnt from sources that tough these lands were provided in 2005-06, till date there is no operational building in that area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "16390130", "title": "Widow's plight takes sheen off bridge foundation function", "text": "GAYA: At the time when CM Nitish Kumar was laying the foundation stone of a six-lane bridge over river Falgu on Wednesday afternoon, villagers blocked roads at Atari to register protest against the alleged starvation death of a co-villager and Radhiya Devi, a fragile and old pensioner, running from pillar to post for the last five months to get old age pension breathing her last on Belaganj block office premises, about 15 km to the north of the inauguration venue on NH-83.Reports reaching from Atari say that Naushad, a mentally challenged young man died allegedly due to starvation as he did not get monetary relief from the government to which he was entitled in accordance with the government pension policy for differently-abled persons. Being made of sterner stuff, Naushad's mother and sister survived.Naushad's father deserted the family sometime back to live with his second wife and his mother used to make agarbatti (incence stick) to keep the family kitchen warm. But the agarbatti manufacturers did not pay her wages for three months making the family starve.In another bizarre incident, Radhiya Devi, an old age pensioner of Belaganj breathed her last on the block office premises. Radhiya did not get her old age pension for the last five months. The helpless widow ran in vain from pillar to post all these days to get her pension. Her death at the block office, of all the places, has come as a huge embarrassment to the government agencies.Gaya DM Bandana Preyasi said an inquiry has been ordered and the ADM will conduct the inquiry. Preliminary reports say that Naushad's death was natural. Naushad suffered from epilepsy, said the DM quoting Atari SDO's report. Moreover, no autopsy was conducted on Naushad's body, Preyasi added. The DM also said that Naushad's family did not apply for handicapped pension and Radhiya Devi was paid her pension shortly before her death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390298", "title": "Ganesh Chaturthi pandal organizers highlight problems", "text": "KANPUR: With five more days to go for Ganesh Mahotsava to commence, the district administration held a meeting with the organizers of pandal at the collectorate on Thursday. The officials of Kanpur municipal corporation, police, Jal Sansthan and Kesco were present to discuss security arrangements, maintaining law and order and other issues. The organisers raised their problems. Instructions were passed to the department concerned by the administrative officials to take remedial action soon.The KMC would ensure that Brijendra Swarup Park, where Ganesh Mahotsava is to be organised, is cleaned and lighting arrangements in order. The organisers urged the administrative officials to get the Sanigwan and Jajmau roads repaired so that the Ganesh Idols could be easily taken to Siddhnath ghat in Jajmau for immersion in the Ganga.The organisers urged that there should be no power rostering from evening time till 2 am. They demanded that overhead power cables dangling at lower height in areas like Meston Road, Generalganj and Maniram Bagiya be removed. The administrative officials instructed Kesco executive engineer to do the needful. The organisers urged that proper lighting arrangements be made at Sarsiyya ghat, Gola ghat and Siddhnath ghat on September 18 and 19. It was decided in the meeting that KNN would install Hydrogen lights at these ghats.The organisers were asked to take temporary connections for Ganesh pandals.The pandal organisers urged the authorities to provide adequate police force during the festival, particularly at the time of immersion of Lord Ganesha idols.Police authorities said that cops will be deployed at Shri Siddhivinayak temple at Ghantaghar. Women police cops will also remain deployed.The officials asked the organisers to form a Suraksha Samiti which should have five people. They were asked to provide name, address and the contact number of these persons. The members of Suraksha Samiti would be responsible for holding the celebrations peacefully.The pandal organisers were told to make fire-fighting arrangements. There should be separate entry and exit points at all pandals.The organizers were told not to erect pandals on roads which could hinder traffic. They were asked to seek permission before installing loudpspeakers in trucks and other vehicles on which Lord Ganesh idols would be taken to the ghats for immersion. They were also instructed not to throw colours on passersby during immersion procession.The circle officers and police station incharges were instructed to help the Ganesh Mahotsava organisers in holding the festival peacefully.SP (west) Bharat Singh asked the organisers of Mahotsava who have decided to conduct puja in Brijendra Swarup Park, to seek permission from the authorities concerned before proceeding further.The pandal organisers were asked by the district authorities to get CCTV cameras installed in the pandals to keep an eye on devotees coming for 'darshan'.District magistrate MP Agarwal, DIG Amitabh Yash, municipal commissioner NKS Chauhan and others were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390651", "title": "CM worried over phone disruption", "text": "KOLKATA: Taking into account complaints from cell phone users, Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday asked Union telecommunication minister Kapil Sibal to take steps to prevent call drop. \"Mobile users are paying more unnecessarily. This cannot be allowed,\" the CM said.Rajen Mathew, director general of Cellular Operators Association of India, said that one of the reasons behind increase in call drop is poor maintenance of the towers and them being shifted out of residential areas. He suggested that the government follow the WHO guidelines regarding radiation from the towers.Pankaj Mahindroo, national president, Indian Cellular Association said: \"It is a very good sign if the states along with popular leaders work along with DoT for enabling the environment.\"so that call drop can be prevented, so the cell phone users need to spend more. The CM said that this complaint she heard from many cell users and for that she took up the issue with Sibal. \"Unnecessarily the mobile users are paying more and this thing cannot be allowed,\" the CM said.Pankaj Mahindroo, national president, Indian Cellular Association said: \"I think we need to enable our environment where industry's infrastructural problems need to get sorted out. The industry will be able to respond to this. It is a very good sign, if the state governments along with popular leaders work along with DoT for enabling the environment.\"Cell phone operators said that for each cell to work efficiently, the tower needs electricity and generally need to be maintained properly. But now often they are facing problem in running the towers with diesel generators, as there are complaints in many localities for creating pollution and thus the diesel gen sets cannot be used.Moreover, Rajen Mathew director general of Cellular Operators Association of India said that the call drop is increasing for various reasons one of them being poor maintenance of the towers along with towers being shifted out of the residential areas. He suggested that the government should follow the WHO guidelines regarding radiation from the towers. A stringent measure can lead to further drop of calls.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389921", "title": "Students shy away from pharma colleges", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Admission Committee for Professional Courses (ACPC) has said that a number of pharmacy colleges are in big trouble as 42 out of 83 colleges have got students between 0 and 9. These colleges have been able to attract less than 10 students against granted strength of 60.There are 16 colleges which have got only one student each, while four colleges have only two students. Two colleges have received only three students. Officials said that 2,800 seats have remained vacant in pharmacy colleges. There are a total of 5,000-odd seats in the pharmacy colleges.Academicians said that pharmacy has fallen out of favour with students since the past couple of years as the job opportunities have significantly shrunk in this sector. \"Many students are offered jobs with salaries of Rs 2,000 to 5,000 which is less than minimum wages,\" said an academician from a college.ACPC officials said that last year, eight pharmacy colleges had applied for closing down as they were not able to attract students. This year, there is a possibility that a dozen colleges will apply for the shut down.In engineering, 10% of the 110 engineering colleges have got students on only 50% of the strength granted. In all, 7,400 seats have remained vacant in the engineering colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16390369", "title": "City to host selection of India's entry for Oscars", "text": "HYDERABAD: India's nomination for the Oscars for the 'Best foreign language film award' will be picked from the entries that will be screened in Hyderabad from September 18. This is the first time that the Film Federation of India (FFI) is organising a screening of the films in Hyderabad. Last year, it was held in Chennai.FFI secretary general Supran Sen told TOI that a committee constituted for the purpose comprising producers, directors, artistes and others will watch the shortlisted films from different languages for five to six days. The Andhra Pradesh Film Chamber of Commerce , which offered to host the screening in Hyderabad, has also urged the FFI to organise the screenings here every four years. While the film chamber is happy that the process for selecting India's nomination for the Oscars in the 'Best foreign language film' category, will take place in Hyderabad, it is not clear how many Telugu film producers are actually excited about sending their entries for the prestigious award. \"We have asked the Telugu Film Producers Council (TFPC) to pass on the information to all the producers. We are encouraging producers to send their entries,\" film chamber secretary K Ashok Kumar said when contacted.Though three films - 'Mother India' (1957), 'Salaam Bombay' (1988) and 'Lagaan' (2011) were shortlisted for the award, India has never won the award since the 'Best foreign language film' category was introduced in 1957. Most of the films nominated for the award were in Hindi. There were also entries from Bengali, Tamil, Malayalam and Marathi. Telugu film 'Swathi Muthyam' directed by K Viswanath was sent as an entry for the 59th Academy awards in 1986. The film, like most of the entries from India, was not shortlisted for the award.The Film Federation of India (FFI) has sent a detailed note to all the film bodies in the country specifying how the entries should be submitted. The film that is being submitted should have English subtitles and should be sent along with a synopsis. Films that are released between October 1, 2011 and September 30, 2012 will be considered for the nominations. The committee hopes to watch at least 25 films to select India's entry for the awards category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390857", "title": "Vigilance bureau to probe embezzlement charges against minister", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Even as the Opposition is demanding resignation of animal husbandry minister Gulzar Singh Ranike, for embezzlement of public money meant for development of villages in Amritsar, Punjab government on Thursday entrusted the investigation to state vigilance bureau from Punjab police.The investigation would be personally supervised by chief vigilance director Suresh Arora and he has been asked to submit a complete investigation report within four weeks.Rejecting the CM announcement of a high-level probe in embezzlement of Central and state funds in Attari constituency, Congress has demanded a CBI probe and immediate removal of Gulzar Singh Ranike from the Cabinet.\"If CM is really interested in a fair investigation, he should first remove Gulzar Singh Ranike from the Cabinet and then order a CBI probe. Police has done nothing in the case for the past 16 months. Announcement of a high-level probe is a cover up to save the minister\", said Congress Legislative Party leader Sunil Jakhar.Punjab Pradesh Congress Committee president Amarinder Singh also demanded the dismissal of Gulzar Singh. Speaking at a rally in Nabha, he said, \"The inquiry ordered by CM Parkash Singh Badal was just an eyewash aimed at shielding and protecting the minister.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390946", "title": "India enjoy luck of the draw in Davis Cup", "text": "CHANDIGARH: There were smiles all around the room when Punjab Governor Shivraj Patil drew Daniel King-Turner's name from the ceremonial bowl on Thursday morning. It meant that Yuki Bhambri, the most talented player in the young Indian team, will open proceedings in the Davis Cup Asia-Oceania Zone Group I relegation tie against New Zealand's No. 2 at the CLTA Stadium on Friday.That was just what the Indian camp had been hoping for. Not only because they expect the confident 20-year-old to win both his singles matches comfortably against mediocre opponents over the weekend, it also gives Vishnu Vardhan a few extra hours to get his nerves settled before taking the court for his maiden 'live' Davis Cup rubber. The 24-year-old Vishnu, who got a promotion to the second singles player's slot at the expense of Sanam Singh, will have to tackle world No. 334 Jose Statham, New Zealand's highest-ranked player.Vishnu has been nominated for Saturday's doubles rubber, too, along with Divij Sharan. The left-hander from Delhi, who was drafted into the final four on Wednesday evening as Saketh Myneni's replacement, will be making his debut.\"We'll see how the first day goes, and if need be, we can always change the doubles combination till an hour before the match. We also wanted to keep someone fresh and ready for the last day, so if we have to change someone, Sanam can step in for the reverse singles,\" captain SP Misra explained his choice of players.Even in the absence of their four top players Somdev Devvarman , Leander Paes , Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna , winning three matches out of five should not be a difficult task against a team which has struggled to stay afloat in Group I. And especially in the prevailing hot and humid conditions which have tested the Kiwis in every training session they've had leading to the tie. But as this competition has witnessed so many times in its chequered history, there have been many an unexpected slip between the cup and the lip.For a team with a combined experience of four Davis Cup ties, and going into a contest without either Paes or Bhupathi after 43 ties, the picture still looks rosy, thanks to the relatively weak rivals. It's now up to GenNext to grab their chance and take the first step towards cementing their claim as a team for the future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393837", "title": "I don\u2019t drink: Shashank Vyas", "text": "Things may not seem to look too bright for Shashank Vyas in reel life as he seems to get caught in a spiral of emotions and situations in Colors TV's Balika Vadhu.But in real life, things certainly seem to be looking up for him. Like most actors, Shashank is also very busy shooting for his daily, Balika Vadhu . With things spicing up on the show, the actor however managed to take some time off to go on a holiday with his friends to Goa.An excited Shashank talks about his trip, \"This is the first time that I went to Goa. I've always wanted to go but never had the right company. But this time, I finally managed to go with a bunch of close friends.\"Talking about his experiences, Shashank adds,\" It was raining and the weather was beautiful so I enjoyed Goa. Though I don't drink and I'm a vegetarian, I had a blast. I feel like coming to Goa again and again\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16394311", "title": "Lack of political consensus affecting decision-making: Praful Patel", "text": "PUNE: Union heavy industries minister Praful Patel has said \"lack of political consensus\" in the country and \"atmosphere of distrust\" was affecting decision-making process of the government as it faced criticism on every issue.Stressing the need for political parties with different ideologies to engage in a \"positive dialogue to arrive at a consensus\" on developmental issues, Patel said the atmosphere of distrust and suspicion was making seasoned bureaucrats \"hesitant\" to make decisions.Patel, while addressing annual general meeting (AGM) of Mahratta Chamber of Commerce Industry and Agriculture here on Thursday night, urged the business community to impress upon political parties the need for a \"constructive debate\" to spur policy making process and development. He lamented that opposition parties were criticising the ruling party \"for the sake of opposing\" without going into the merits of proposals tabled by the government.The UPA government has been recently under fire by the Opposition over the alleged irregularities in the coal blocks allocation in the country owing to which the entire monsoon session of the Parliament was washed out following demands of Prime Minister's resignation and an independent probe in the matter.Meanwhile, the outgoing president of the Chamber, Abhay Firodia, said economic reforms were being implemented in a half-hearted manner and there was a need for improvement in governance. S K Jain took over as president of the Chamber at the AGM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388272", "title": "Running easiest thing for a sportsman: Arun Bhardwaj", "text": "NEW DELHI: Age and distance are mere numbers for ultra-marathoner Arun Bhardwaj. But then, he is no ordinary runner. The 43-year-old is set to run 60km per day from Kargil to Kanyakumari (over 4,000 kms) in 60 days, starting on October 1. If he pulls it off, Bhardwaj will become the first man to do so.Going by his medical history till his college days, only an insane person would have bet on Bhardwaj becoming India's most prolific ultra-marathoner. He weighed just 36 kg at 18, plagued by malaria which kept coming back. He recovered and then discovered running. At the age of 29, Bhardwaj ran 180km non-stop. That set him free.So what changed after the college days? A strong will and the desire to set an example to his daughter that she could achieve anything in athletics, he says. \"I wanted her to have an example she could relate to. I saw many parents name their kids after Kapil Dev after the 1983 World Cup. I want my daughter to become a successful Olympian but I decided I would be her role model,\" says Bhardwaj, adding that the happiness that he gets while running helps him defy his age.Where did this will power to take up such a physically challenging sport come from?\"I read a lot. Once I was reading South African 5000m legend Zola Budd's book. I was hugely inspired by the book and nicknamed my daughter after the South African athlete,\" he says.Call it destiny or whatever, Budd is in constant touch with him and also guides his daughter who has started training in long-distance running, concentrating on 5000m. He found it difficult to go through formal training when he took to the sport so late in life. So Bhardwaj developed a fitness regime for himself, based on his own needs and limitations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16393589", "title": "Susan Saradon is ignorant of Anupam's work", "text": "When one of our most versatile actors Anupam Kher had a chance to meet one of his favourite actresses, he just couldn't let go of the opportunity. Hence when at the now-running Toronto Film Festival, Anupam Kher got to know that Susan Sarandon was attending the event he asked one of his friends from Hollywood for an introduction.Says Anupam from Toronto, \"I told her how much I enjoyed her performance in Thelma &amp; Louise and Dead Man Walking . I also met Hugh Grant .\"Strangely Susan Sarandon was ignorant of Indian cinema and Anupam's work. Anupam specially, was all over the Toronto Film Festival. He was not only part of Deepa Mehta's much talked-about Midnight's Children but also included in the core group of starcast members representing David Russell's Silver Linings Playbook alongside Robert De Niro , Jennifer Lawrence, Bradley Cooper , Julia Stiles and Chris Tucker . Throughout the Festival de Niro bonded liberally with Anupam.Anupam is also been featured on the cover of Variety . However Anupam has taken an extremely pragmatic view of Bollywood's status vis-a-vis Hollywood and international cinema.\"Why should Hollywood know our work? Why should they know us? We run after them. Not the other way around. We give too much importance to global recognition. I've worked with the topmost names from American cinema\u2014Woody Allen, Ang Lee , Robert de Niro. But I've never sought their recognition or approval. For me Midnight's Children is as important as Silver Lining Playbook . And my work back home is equally important .\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "16391409", "title": "Congress flays BJP over scam", "text": "SINDRI: The Sindri town Congress committee staged a dharna before the office of the Sindri circle of Dhanbad Municipal Corporation (DMC) to express solidarity with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh and other Congress ministers facing corruption charges in allotment of coal block case.Addressing the gathering on the occasion, various speakers criticized the BJP for not allowing the Parliament to function.They said the derogatory manner in which the BJP has been demanding resignation of the Prime Minister and other ministers would not be tolerated by Congress workers.They said the party which doesn't allow the government to place its views on the floor of the both Houses of the Parliament has no moral right to keep raising the issue just for getting political mileage.Town Congress president Ramesh Jindal, besides prominent party members Videshi Singh, Zahid Hussain, Dilip Mishra, Rahul Raz, Harendra Sinha were among others present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389891", "title": "Rs 58k vanish from Bhagwat Vidyapith", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves targeted Krishna temple in Sola Bhagwat Vidyapith early on Thursday morning and stole valuables worth more than Rs 58,500. Police have started search for the group of seven to eight men involved in the theft.Police said the incident had taken place at 3:30 am on Thursday. Rishiraj Vyas, a resident of the Vidyapith campus, said in his complaint that seven to eight men, who had covered their faces with handkerchiefs and were armed with weapons such as lathis and knives, had entered the sanctum sanctorum of the temple and had stolen money from the donation boxes.\"Nobody knows the exact time of the thieves' arrival at the temple. However at 3.30 am, security guard Ram Kishor Yadav spotted some movement in the temple and saw the burglars collecting money from the donation boxes. He ran after them and caught hold of one of the accused. However, threatened with weapons by other gang members, he had to let the thief go,\" said a Sola police official. Soon the temple, Vidyapith trustees and office bearers arrived at the spot. Upon inspection, they found that the gang had broken nearly 10 locks to enter into the temple office, library, Prasad Ghar and sanctum sanctorum. The thieves then targeted the donation boxes and table drawers in search of money. Sola police station inspector K C Rawal said that police have registered the theft case worth Rs 58,500 from the premises. \"The theft includes Rs 40,000 cash from the office safe. The burglars left one of the bags containing cash which they had dropped while being chased by the security guards. However, apart from the mentioned amount, there could be higher amount of booty stolen as how much money was kept in the box is not certain.The thieves gained the access by breaking a grill on the right side of the temple,\" said Rawal. The CCTV cameras in the premises lay defunct since Sunday. \"We suspect the involvement of a gang from Gujarat-Madhya Pradesh border,\" said a senior city police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16386285", "title": "True wisdom", "text": "True wisdom is less presuming than folly. The wise man doubteth often, and changeth his mind; the fool is obstinate, and doubteth not; he knoweth all things but his own ignorance...To be satisfied with a little, is the greatest wisdom; and he that increaseth his riches, increaseth his cares; but a contented mind is a hidden treasure, and trouble findeth it not.Akhenaton, 14th c Egyptian king *Words lead us to the doorway of truth, but only by contemplating their meaning can we pass through.Tao Te Ching *The only true wisdom is in knowing you know nothing.Socrates *You can tell whether a man is clever by his answers. You can tell whether a man is wise by his questions.Naguib Mahfouz , Egyptian novelist and screenplay writer, 1988 Nobel Prize for Literature", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16395056", "title": "Sambhavna to dance for a different cause", "text": "Firebrand Sambhavna Seth never stops amusing us! She always has something different in store. But this time she did something more realistic. The latest on this spunk chick is that she has gone ahead and performed a song in the praise of an MP. No, not an actor performing as an MP! But a REAL Member of Parliament!The politician is Raju Shetti who is said to have started out as a marginal farmer in Shirol village in Kolhapur and finally rose to become an MLA, and later an MP in the 15th Lok Sabha of India.The film called Senani , which will be released in Marathi as well as Hindi, has a song dedicated to the politician, who will also feature in it! Sambhavna will be seen singing praises in his honour and even dancing for him.\"Mind you, it's not an item song,\" quips Sam. Recalling her shoot, she says, \"The filmmakers have specially done this song in praise of Raju Shetti because he's made a difference to the people of his constituency and they wanted to showcase that. While shooting with him, I realized that he was a thorough gentleman and the masses there loved him like crazy.\"We won't be surprised if after this song by Sambhavna, the said gentleman and his fans turn crazy for her too! Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16390779", "title": "Bansal denies scam in coal block allocations", "text": "SHIMLA: Under attack on coal allocation in BJP-ruled states, the Congress on Thursday sent Union parliamentary affairs minister Pawan Bansal to Shimla on a damage control mission before its poll campaign kicks off in Himachal Pradesh, after Union HRD and telecom minister Kapil Sibal had to cancel his trip to the state.Bansal, the first senior Congress leader to visit Himachal Pradesh before the poll campaign begins, reached Shimla after bad weather held up his flight for four hours in Delhi and lectured to a battery of mediapersons on how the CAG's loss figure of Rs 1.86 lakh crore did not \"exist anywhere and is purely imaginary\".Facing a barrage of questions on 2G telecom and Commonwealth Games cases, followed by coal scam, Bansal, said, \"2G was a policy matter. There is no scam in coal block allocations.\"Neither PCC chief Virbhadra Singh nor Congress legislature party chief Vidya Stokes addressed the press conference.According to sources in the party, senior Congress leaders are on a visit to poll-bound states to clear the air on the CAG report on coal allocations.Asked whether he was trying to suggest that there was no corruption involved in the allocations, he said: \"The CBI is investigating the matter. And we have the inter-ministerial group looking into the issue. They will submit the report on September 15.\"Bansal reiterated the Congress plan not to cancel allotment of 57 blocks for captive mining. \"It will send a wrong message that India is not a safe country for investment,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "16390602", "title": "Prohibitory orders clamped in Bharatpur", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: The Gopalgarh town in Bharatpur district witnessed increased security on the eve of the first anniversary of the violence in which 10 people were killed and 38 others injured on September 14, 2011. Section 144 was promulgated not only at Gopalgarh town but also in the nearby tehsils including Nagar, Kaman, Pahadi and Deeg.At least 3,000 armed policemen would be deployed in the town to ensure that no untoward incident occurs in the name of remembering those killed in the violence that was triggered over a piece of land.\"So far we have taken in to preventive custody more than 1,000 people who could indulge in violence. Likewise, the local police intelligence has also been on the job of keeping a tab on the activities of nearly 100 people of both the communities,\" said Anshuman Bhomia, SP, Bharatpur on Thursday.The district administration has also announced a two day holiday for Friday and Saturday for some government schools. The district administration claimed that there was no tension in the town. However, it is evident that transport services between Bharatpur to Gopalgarh would be closed.IG Anand Srivastav said: \"We just want to ensure that no untoward incident takes place and people of both the communities do not indulge in violence in the name of the past incident.\"On Friday, members of Meo community will gather for 'Zumey Ki Namaz' and after offering it, they would be asked to return to their respective destinations. \"We will not allow anyone to gather in town and overcrowd the place for long,\" said a senior police officer. However the workers of BJP and VHP claimed that they will visit Gopalgarh for a peace march irrespective of the fact that administration has disallowed them to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16391466", "title": "Soon, punitive action against littering", "text": "NASHIK: The administration of Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) is planning to take action against those throwing garbage in open spaces of the city.Littering across the city has become a matter of concern as it is related to public health and causes foul smell.Speaking to TOI, municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare said, \"Littering is really a matter of concern. We are planning to take punitive action against those throwing garbage on spaces and chalking out a plan in this connection. We are also planning to tie up with an NGO to identify those places where garbage piles are usually found . The major objective behind this is to bring under control the piles of garbage. Dustbins will also be put up at such places so that people don't throw garbage on open spaces,\" he said.Khandare added that the civic body will concentrate on slum areas, where garbage collection vehicles can't reach due to narrow roads. The option of deploying wheeled-buckets is being considered. Meanwhile, the industrial associations in Nashik have urged the NMC to increase the number of garbage collecting vehicles in Satpur and Ambad industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation ( MIDC). Presently, only once garbage collecting vehicle is operational in Ambad and Satpur each.The issue was raised by Nashik Industries and Manufacturers' Association (NIMA) and Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association ( AIMA) at the recent meeting of Zilla Udyog Mitra (ZUM). Deputy commissioner Haribhau Phadol, who was present at the meeting, had assured to increase the number of garbage collecting vehicles from present one to two.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "16391256", "title": "`1.4crore cash, `30lakh jewellery found in Fiza\u2019s lockers", "text": "MOHALI: Police found Rs 1.4 crore cash and diamond and gold jewellery worth Rs 30 lakh from three lockers of Haryana's former assistant advocate general Fiza Mohammed aka Anuradha Bali on Thursday. Fiza, estranged second wife of former Haryana deputy chief minister Chander Mohan was found dead in her Chandigarh house on August 6. Three days after her body was found, police seized Rs 92.83 lakh cash and jewellery from her house. On Thursday, police broke open three lockers in three banks \u2014 Punjab National Bank (PNB), State Bank of Patiala (SBP) and Punjab &amp; Sindh Bank (PSB) \u2014 in the presence of Fiza's sisters: Monica, Aditi and Anjali. Fiza had named her mother Shaveta Bali, who died a couple of years ago, as a nominee for one locker. She had not named anybody as nominee for the other two lockers. The seized cash and jewellery were deposited with the state treasury. Fiza's sisters Monica and Aditi live in India while Anjali flew in from Mauritius. The police took about five hours to break open the three lockers. The exercise of breaking open the lockers started around 10.35 am and continued till 3.30 pm. The special team headed by DSP Darshan Singh Maan, inspector Yogi Raj and a naib tehsildar, had also collected records of three lockers from the officials of concerned banks. They first locker in Punjab and Sindh Bank in Chandigarh's Sector 47 had diamond and gold jewellery worth Rs 30 lakh. Fiza had bought a diamond necklace worth Rs 22 lakh from PC Jewellers in Chandigarh last November. The bill for the purchase was found in the locker. Fiza had not nominated anyone for this locker. She had last opened it on December 14, 2011. The second locker at PNB in Chandigarh's Sector 17 had Rs 54.99 lakh cash. This and another locker at Punjab &amp; Sindh Bank near the high court was last opened by Fiza on December 13, 2011. Cash worth Rs 49.99 lakh was found in the third locker. Her mother was a nominee for this locker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394229", "title": "Jr Dread returns with Jarnail Kaur", "text": "After the recent success of 'Jogi' &amp; 'Nachu Sara', Brit-Asian producer Jr Dread returns with 'Jarnail Kaur!' Featuring the vocals of Dippa Dosanjh, the song once again sees Jr Dread experiment with a new sound.Featuring the vocals of Dippa Dosanjh, the song once again sees Jr Dread put down his unique style of fusing cultures, in this case raw punjabi with UK underground. The difference this time, is that he has taken a classic song and refixed it for the modern generation.\"I've always loved the original, nothing will ever compare to it! This is just my ode and vision of a modern refix that I can hopefully introduce other cultures into Punjabi roots that I play to across Europe.\"Source: simplybhangra.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390035", "title": "Computer training helps youth generate income", "text": "PATNA: Project 'Jyoti' brought hope and light in the life of Hina Rahi, a BA part-I student from Runni Saidpur in Sitamarhi district. Eldest child in her seven-member family, she supports herself and her family, financially, thanks to the project.\"My father has a small shop in Delhi. He used to send us Rs 3,000 every month which was not enough for us. I always wanted to economically support my family but I was not educated enough. Last year, during a door-to-door advertisement of Aga Khan Rural Support Program (AKRSP), India- 'computerji jode duniya se', I got to know about Microsoft's project 'Jyoti' that train people with computer skill on nominal fee,\" Hina told TOI.\"I enrolled myself at the centre after paying Rs 850 for a six-month course and learnt various computer programmes. It changed my life. I now work as an assistant at a school and also teach students and earn Rs 2,500 per month,\" said Hina, who aims to open a computer institute for girls like her.'Jyoti' is a skill training programme of Microsoft Corporation Private Limited (India) that trains people in the age group of 18 to 35 years in computer skills. With the aim to providing job to youth in Bihar, Microsoft introduced this project in the state in 2009 in collaboration with various NGOs and opened community technology learning centres (CTLCs) in remote areas.\"We have trained more than 8,000 youth in the state till date. Since there are less job opportunities in the state, we train them in local trades to help them become self-employed. More than 5,200 beneficiaries in Bihar have got placement after this course,\" said Manju Dhasmana, community affairs manager, Microsoft, India, at a programme organized jointly by Microsoft and AKRSP on Wednesday at State Institute of Health and Family Welfare, Sheikhpura.As many as 100 beneficiaries from the remote areas of Bihar (45), Gujarat (44) and Madhya Pradesh (11) participated at the event and shared their struggle, journey and experiences. Yatin Kumar from Chakhaji, Samastipur, who now supports his six-member family by earning around Rs 10,000 per month said, \"Due to weak economic conditions, I left my studies after high school. Being just a matriculate was not enough to support the family. So I went to Ludhiana to earn but couldn't help my family enough from there. I was under depression but when I got to know about 'computerji centres' I joined it. After my training my life has changed completely. After completing the course, I worked at my institute initially and learnt the use of technology in agriculture too.\"Similar are the stories of Ranjeet Kumar from Muzaffarpur. After this course, this BA part I students now supports his family with Rs 4,000 per month which he earns by providing electricity to 200 bulbs at his village through generator, and a mobile repairing shop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390017", "title": "Cops need to shed flab", "text": "PATNA: A large number of men in khaki here need to shed weight. Many of them have impressive professional record, but the pot-bellied policemen definitely need to attend fitness training camps frequently to perform their duty smartly.According to police sources, during the tenure of former DGP V P Jain, an order was issued asking the 'pot-bellied' policemen to undertake regular exercise and get into shape. \"For sometime, regular drills and other exercises were done. But soon after, the practice was discontinued,\" said a police official.Another police officer, who did not wish to be identified, said, \"Since no large-scale recruitment of constables has taken place for long, the force really faces a problem of physical fitness.\" An SHO of a city-based police station said, \"It is not that we do not want to stay fit. But we have to go through a crazy schedule which prevents us from doing exercises on a regular basis.\"\"Stress and irregular diet lead to a variety of health hazards among policemen. Pot belly is not always a sign of relaxed life-style. In fact, our work schedule results in several problems like diabetes , high blood pressure and pot belly,\" the SHO added. Arun Kumar, an SI posted at a local police station here, said he regularly does push ups and yoga. \"Even at the age of 51, I am physically fit and can do 100 push-ups at a stretch,\" he said.However, to tone up the police administration, there are no immediate plans to hold fitness training camps. Patna SSP Amrit Raj said, \"There are provisions for refresher courses after a certain gap. From officers to constables, all participate in such camps. However, the entire force cannot attend the camps at a time and the attendance is also not mandatory.\" He added that fitness should be taken seriously and policemen should try to remain fit to meet their professional demand. \"They must follow the provisions of the police manual strictly and always be in shape,\" he said.Arpita Jain, a bank employee, said, \"There are professions like aviation where the staffers need to meet the required Body Mass Index (BMI). The men in khaki must also maintain normal BMI value till they retire. The government should be strict in this matter and it should be considered as punishable offence if their BMI becomes abnormal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391715", "title": "Will write to PM against MoEF, says Parrikar", "text": "PANAJI: Chief minister Manohar Parrikar on Thursday said he will write to Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to complain that the Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) does not inform the state government when it cancels environmental clearances (ECs) to mines in Goa. He said MoEF has done this despite the fact that the state government is the implementing agency for these orders.Briefing the media, Parrikar said that on August 13, before the Shah commission report was out, MoEF issued two orders cancelling the ECs of two mines in Goa \"fearing repercussions\". Though the state government is the implementing agency for such orders, the MoEF did not mark a copy to the Goa government.He said that though documents of only two cases have come into his possession, there are in all eight such cancellations of ECs in Goa. Union minister for environment and forests Jayanthi Natarajan on Wednesday had said the MoEF had suspended eight mining operations before the state government's suspension of mining operations. Alluding to this, Parrikar said, \"Let Natarajan explain why eight cases were not marked to the government of Goa. If I knew, I would have stopped these mines,\" Parrikar said.Blasting Natarajan for accusing him of doing a \"whitewash\" in ordering the closure of mines, Parrikar said Natarajan is a \"very irresponsible minister who does not know what is happening in her own ministry\".He dismissed her claims that he does not have powers to close mines and read out a part of the 'action taken report' tabled in Parliament. \"The department of mines of Goa, which is the authority to allow mining, should be satisfied that all the approvals and clearances are obtained by the lessee, before the mining operations commence,\" read Parrikar, adding, \"I suspended the mining operation under these powers.\"He accused Natarajan of staging a \"show\" in Goa, saying that though she announced in Goa on Wednesday that she would suspend 93 mines, no such order had been issued by her ministry in Delhi even on Thursday afternoon. He said MoEF officials he had contacted also did not know anything about such an order. He declined to divulge the officials names because \"they will be targeted\". He described Natarajan's announcement as a \"political reaction\".Parrikar claimed the moral high ground. \"Within one month, I suspended the director of mines. Before the Shah commission report, we suspended seven officials even though their names are not mentioned. What action has Jayanthi Natarajan taken?\" he demanded.He said there was no ongoing war between his government and the Centre, as reported in the media. \"My interest is protecting Goa from the attitude of colonial rule of the central government where illegalities have been flourishing. I have repeatedly said that the MoEF has been issuing environmental clearances without following norms and procedures laid down even by Supreme Court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16391042", "title": "Explore possibility of diverting surplus water to lake: Punjab and Haryana high court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Punjab and Haryana high court on Thursday asked the Chandigarh administration to explore the possibility of diverting surplus water from the city to Sukhna Lake that is drying up due to reduction in the water level. When the PIL pertaining to saving the lake came up for hearing on Thursday before a division bench headed by acting chief justice Jasbir Singh, the bench suggested to the Chandigarh administration's counsel to explore the possibility of diverting the surplus water to the lake in the months of December and January because the consumption of water in these months is less. Following this, the counsel assured the bench that he would to take up the matter with the administration. The bench had asked the administration's counsel to explore the possibility of getting water from Patiala-Ki-Rao or Ghaggar river to the Sukhna Lake during the last hearing in July. Responding to it, the counsel, informed the bench that it is not viable to supply the water from these two sources to the lake. The matter had reached before the bench of chief justice of the HC following a letter written to the chief justice by a local resident against the deteriorating condition of Sukhna Lake and the apathy of the administration toward its maintenance. Taking sou motu cognizance of the letter, the HC had impleaded the Chandigarh administration, Punjab and Haryana and asked the administration and the two governments to respond to the issue. The HC has already stayed all kinds of constructions in the forest zone and the catchment area of Sukhna Lake falling within the areas of Punjab, Haryana and Chandigarh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "16391462", "title": "Eleven cops face inquiry over prisoner\u2019s escape", "text": "NASHIK: The city police would be initiating a departmental enquiry against all the 11 policemen from whose custody a convict in a murder case escaped near the Life Line Hospital on Wednesday afternoon.Commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal said that a report about the incident was yet to arrive, after which he would decide the future course of action against the concerned cops. Meanwhile, the commissioner also did not rule out suspension of the concerned cops.On Wednesday afternoon, an inmate from the Nashik Road Central Jail Satish Mahipal Valmiki alias Raja Arun Shettiyar/ Pahilwan jumped from the police van, which was transporting him along with 15 others from the Civil Hospital to the Central Jail.Mahipal, who was reportedly suffering from a spinal problem, was taken to the Civil Hospital with 15 others for general check up.On their way back, Mahipal managed to jump from the police van, despite the spinal problem, which has raised suspicion whether the convict faked the ailment.There were 11 cops from the police headquarters deployed to escort the convicts from the jail to hospital and back to the jail.Meanwhile, there were also unconfirmed reports that a passerby near the Life Line Hospital informed the cops that a jail inmate had jumped from the van.Jail officials informed that Valmiki, resident of BDD Chawl, Dadar, Mumbai was given life imprisonment on July 26, 2009. He was shifted to Nashik Central Jail on May 23, 2010. The police team that was part of the escort included a head constable, three police naiks and seven constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "16390832", "title": "Austerity steps to pinch PGI doctors", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon after restrictions on settling of medicos in the US, the health ministry is all set to tighten its noose on the expenditure of doctors in prestigious institutes of national importance like the AIIMS, PGI, Indian Council of Medical Research, Medical Council of India, NIMHANS, Bangalore, LRS Delhi, besides 17 other medical institutes.As part of the austerity measures, the ministry has decided to ban conferences in five star hotels and no faculty will be allowed to travel in business class for national/international conferences.Although a similar official memorandum was circulated last year also, the government will enforce the measures this time as there has already been 10% cut imposed on the allocation of funds to these prestigious institutes.Confirming the recent communique sent by the Union ministry of health and family welfare, official spokesperson, PGI, said, \"This will be all across the board, where the faculty will travel only by economy class for any national or international conferences.\"There are around 350 faculty in the PGI and a 10% cut in the expenditures would mean saving Rs 5 crore annually. At present, both PGI and AIIMS allow four national conferences and one international conference in a year to the professors. The ministry has put a condition on foreign travel which permits only unavoidable trips. These tours will have to be funded by the sponsors who invite the faculty for any innovative research or case presentation.\"Only essential conferences will be held and in limited amount. The budget for seminars and conference has been slashed by 10%,\" said an official in the ministry.International travel to be mainly funded by those who invite a speakerNational conferences which used to fly professors in business class will be restricted to economy classNo conferences to be held for trade promotionSize of delegation and duration of visit to be minimized in these toursAIIMS will save around Rs 15 crore and PGI will save Rs 5 crore of non-planned budget annually", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388905", "title": "Chirag, Manan, Shlok in last 16", "text": "NAGPUR: After the fierce competition in the team championship, players began their battle for the individual pride on the fourth day of the Gracelands Maharashtra State Junior Badminton Championship at Subhedar Hall here on Thursday.So far there was no upsets as all the seeded players advanced without any discomfort. The matches were completed before the scheduled time as there were so many walkovers as several outstation players did not turn up.Top seed in the U-17 boys Chirag Shetty, second seed Kaushal Dharmamer (both Mumbai Suburban), No. 3 seed Amey Pawar and No. 4 seed Vighnesh Devlekar (both Thane) carved out easy wins to move into the pre-quarterfinals.Similarly, in the U-19 boys, top seed Kaushal, second seed Shlok Ramchandran of MS, Pune's No. 3 seed Sudhanshu Medsikar and No. 4 seed Amey sailed into the last 16.There was some disappointment for the home fans as Vaibhav Bisne pulled out of the competition because of injury. City's main hope in the U-17 section, Vaibhav could not recover in time after getting injured during the team event a couple of days back.Another talented city shuttler Gaurav Rege went down fighting in three games in the U-19 boys singles against Satyajit Jagdane of Satara, who rallied to win 16-21, 21-9, 21-17.However, city's Manan Goenka reached last 16 with a fluent win over Pune's Rohan Patwardhan 23-21, 21-10.In the girls section, Rasika Raje, Swatika Butey, Vaishnavi Bhale carried their momentum in the individual events too by winning their respective matches.RESULTSU-17 boys singles (Round of 32): 1-Chirag Shetty bt Pranav Patil 21-15, 21-14; Ajeet Kumbhar bt Prasanjit Shirodkar 21-10, 21-15; Rohan Patwardhan bt Arnav Shrish 21-11, 18-21, 21-15; Akendra Darjee bt Kunal Deshmukh 21-8, 21-18; 3-Amey Pawar bt Chetan Yuvraj Wagh 21-9, 21-5; Prathmesh Mhetre bt Kaiwalya Kumthekar 21-16, 21-13; Hrishikesh Sakharpe bt Durvesh Chattopdhyay 21-17, 16-21, 21-12; Kunal Suryawanshi bt Riddhik Shah 21-19, 21-15; Pratik Chothani bt Aakash Shah 21-11, 21-11; Vineet Kamble bt Sidhesh Aroskar 21-17, 21-10; 4-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Pranay Jaggi 21-10, 21-7; Rohan Kadam bt Nihar Kelkar 12-21, 22-20, 21-18; Viplav Kuvale bt Mrutunjay Adap 21-10, 21-13; Sarang Deshpande bt Chirag Ramdas 21-19, 21-18; 2-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Vijay Wadhawa 21-4, 21-9.U-19 boys (Round of 32): 1-Kaushal Dharmamer bt Ajeet Kumbhar 21-10, 21-12; Prathmesh Mhetre bt Nabhojit Mandal 21-11, 21-9; Dheeraj Kumar bt Tushar Singh 21-16, 21-12; Varun Padhye bt Kaiwalya Kumthekar 21-16, 22-20; 4-Amey Pawar bt Aakash Shah 21-13, 21-7; Ameya Tillu bt Pratik Chothani 21-10, 21-11; Chirag Shetty bt Nandan Gajendragadkar 21-17, 21-12; Vedant Vyas bt Kunal Deshmukh 16-21, 22-20, 30-29; Kabir Kanzarkar bt Purushottam Awate 15-21, 21-8, 21-18; Sushrut Karmarkar bt Sarang Deshpande 21-12, 21-15; Pranav Lokhande bt Rohit Phadke 21-16, 21-11; 3-Sudhanshu Medsikar bt Rohan Kadam 21-8, 21-5; Abhishekh Kulkarni bt Neeraj Abhyankar 21-10, 21-4; Satyajit Jagdane bt Gaurav Rege 16-21, 21-9, 21-17; Manan Goenka bt Rohan Patwardhan 23-21, 21-10; 2-Shlok Ramchandran bt Vineet Kamble 21-13, 21-11.U-17 boys doubles (pre-quarters): 1-Kaushal Dharmamer-Vighnesh Devlekar bt Abhishek Borate-Malhar Kulkarni 21-11, 21-6; Kaiwalya Kumthekar-Vineet Kamble bt Pranav Patil-Rushi Bhavesh Shah 21-15, 21-17; Akendra Darjee-Tushar Singh bt Akshay Sase-Anush Yadav 21-9, 21-14; Rohan Kadam-Varun Padhye bt Kunal Deshmukh-Manan Singh Saluja 21-19, 11-21, 22-20; Ajeet Kumbhar-Rohan Patwardhan bt Kuber Khilare-Ninad Naik 21-10, 21-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389940", "title": "Food leftover, waste dumping affect Upper Lake health", "text": "BHOPAL: Mindless dumping of food leftover and waste into the Upper Lake by marriage gardens alongside the lake is affecting the water quality of life line of the city and causing water-borne diseases among residents.\"Due to affected quality of the Upper Lake water, there are complaints of water-borne diseases like amoebic cholitis, amoebiasis, gastroenteritis and amoebic hepatitis in Bhopal,\" Dr M S Thakur, senior medical officer, Bairagarh civil hospital, told TOI.BMC officials say rise in number of marriage gardens alongside the Upper Lake is affecting the water quality. But no proper action is taken against them, they said on condition of anonymity.\"The marriage gardens have opened their sewages in the Upper Lake. They throw waste and leftover food in the lake, polluting the water,\" additional commissioner G P Mali told TOI. \"The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) has issued them notices, but in vain,\" he added.The Boat Club at the Upper Lake on the Van Vihar road and some 300 constructions, including marriage gardens, a college and two schools have been identified source of pollution in the 1,000-year-old water body, BMC officials said requesting anonymity.Marriage gardens on Bhopal Sehore road, including Green City, Gulshan Garden, Swagat Garden, Sun City Garden, Good Garden, Moonlight Garden, Sundarvan Garden and Shikhir Marriage Garden are also counted among the commercial activities harming the Upper Lake.\"Marriage gardens are under the of submergence area of the upper lake,\" Abdul Jabbar, president of Sad Prayas, an NGO working for improving civic conditions in Bhopal, said. \"The submergence area of the Upper Lake is 31 square km. The corporation does not take proper action against marriage garden owners as most of them have political support,\" he added.\"Any commercial activity carried in the Upper Lake is illegal,\" Mahira Salamuddin, senior Congress corporator said. \"The marriage gardens are definitely polluting the Upper Lake. The corporation is not taking any action against them. Some of these, including some hotels are within radius of 50 metres of the Upper Lake, which is illegal,\" she added.As per modifications in the Town and Country Planning Act in 1995, any construction within the radius of 50 metres of lake is termed illegal, Amit Gajbhiye, city planner, BMC told TOI.However, marriage garden owners deny any such allegations. \"The BMC allegations are baseless. The BMC garbage collecting van regularly takes garbage from the marriage gardens. We are paying them Rs 3,000 per month for this,\" said Shyam Sunder Goplani, owner of Sun City garden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "16390037", "title": "Gauhati high court order on Ajmal", "text": "GUWAHATI: The Gauhati high court has asked the state government, Bodoland Territorial Council (BTC) and the Centre to start an investigation for finding out if any criminal cases have been filed against All India United Democratic Front (AIUDF) chief Maulana Badruddin Ajmal. After studying a PIL filed by Subodh Ishlary, a resident of Kokrajhar, the HC, in an order on Wednesday, said police should investigate and submit a report within a month. Ishalary's counsel, Debashis Sur, said the PIL mentioned about Ajmal instigating ethnic violence in areas under the BTC and adjoining places and wanted implementation of Chapter X of Assam Land and Revenue Regulation Act for the protection of tribal land. Sur added that Ishalary filed the PIL after no action was taken by police against Ajmal even after he filed an FIR against him at Kokrajhar police station last month. In the FIR, Ishalary had charged Ajmal with provocating and creating disturbance in BTC area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "16394173", "title": "Learn cooking Ratatouille from Alliance Francaise in Kudla", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangaloreans may learn to cook Ratatouille, the traditional French dish in Kudla. The Alliance Francaise de Mangalore (AFDM) is organizing a French cooking class exclusively to teach the recipe of Ratatouille.AFDM representative Larkins D'Souza told TOI that an expert cook from France will train Mangaloreans, who are interested in learning French delicacy, with live demonstration.\"Interested may register by paying Rs 250 to attend two hours' class, which is to be held at Roshni Nilaya School of Social Work, Valencia here on September 15 from 2pm. One should bring pen, note book and container to take away Ratatouille. Expert will explain in detail with practical demonstration of making Ratatouille. At the end of the training participants will be served Ratatouille and also can carry home the French delicacy,\" D'Souza said adding that AFDM will continue to organise similar activities to introduce the French culture to Mangaloreans.Ratatouille is usually served as a side dish, but also may be served as a meal on its own accompanied by pasta, rice or bread. Tomato is a key ingredient in Ratatouille.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390408", "title": "Only retired judges may head RTI commissions, says Supreme Court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday edged out \"eminent people\" from heading commissions under the Right to Information Act by ordering that only sitting or retired chief justices of high courts and SC judges would be appointed as chief information commissioners at both the Centre and the states.In addition, sitting or retired HC judges should be preferred in appointment of information commissioners, it said, faulting the vague criteria for such appointments provided under the RTI Act.The bench of Justices A K Patnaik and Swatanter Kumar may have boosted post-retirement opportunities for HC and SC judges by ruling that the information commissions were \"judicial tribunals\" performing functions of \"judicial\" and \"quasi-judicial\" nature and had trappings of a court and should be headed by a judicial mind.The gain for retired judges would be at the cost of former officials. The Act prescribes appointment of information commissioners from among persons of eminence in public life and those with wide knowledge and experience in the fields specified under the legislation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16391438", "title": "Meat wagon rolls on more cartons of stale beef land", "text": "Seizures of substandard beef and mutton brought by trains from other states have raised concerns about quality of meat sold at outlets and eateries in the city. Following reports that meat from other states was entering the city illegally, civic officials have been conducting raids on trains originating from Andhra Pradesh and Rajasthan.On Thursday morning, they saw cartons being offloaded from Jaipur Express at Chennai Central. When they cut them open, they found four tonnes of mutton without mandatory health department seals. Later at 2pm, two tonnes of beef were seized from Bikaner Express at Central. This came a day after 1.4 tonnes of beef illegally transported into the city was confiscated from a train from AP at Egmore station.Inquiries revealed the buyer was most likely based in Chintadripet although officials could not trace the person who was to take the delivery. The origin of the consignment also remains unknown. Railway officials have sought a day's time to provide the booking details. Sources said the meat looked like it was cut two days earlier. \"We have sent samples to the Madras Veterinary College for a microbial count. Results will come in 48 hours.Only then will we be able to confirm if it was decomposing,\" said an official. Veterinary doctors say meat, if not iced or refrigerated, begins decomposing five hours after it is cut. The meat has to be refrigerated at 4 degrees Celsius constantly, or packed in ice boxes on a 1:1 ratio. \"If you are sending 4,000kg of mutton, it has to be packed with 4,000kg of ice. It's impractical,\" says a doctor. The meat confiscated was brought in thermocol boxes with no ice. \"Meat transported in a non air-conditioned wagon, would have decomposed after so many hours,\" he says.Corporation officials say legally slaughtered meat which has a seal and certification, can be consumed without fear because of the strict procedure followed by officials. \"Besides preservation, the animal's health condition has to be checked to ensure that it carried no contagious disease and had been kept clean,\" said an official. \"The meat has to be bled completely to slow down the growth of bacteria,\" according to guidelines of the food and agricultural organisation of the United Nations.\"Bacteria could cause severe gastroenteritis and problems like diarrhoea,\" says gastroenterologist Dr Satheesh Kumar. Restauranteurs say they avoid problems by buying only the right amount of meat on a daily basis. \"We do not usually keep leftover meat. We buy meat fresh every morning,\" says M Prem, MD of Sree Velu Military Hotel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16394375", "title": "Airtel, Vodafone, RCom get notice for violating radiation norms", "text": "NEW DELHI: Seven telecom operators, including RCom , Tata Teleservices Maharashtra, Airtel and Vodafone, have been found violating radiation norms laid down by the government after a random check conducted by officials at a location in Mumbai.\"...11 BTSs (Base Tower Stations) of Reliance Communications , TTML, Airtel, Vodafone, Idea Cellular , Aircel and Loop Telecom were found radiating beyond permissible limits of the new radiation norms when measurements were carried out in some houses facing nearby BTS antenna,\" DoT said in an official statement.\"Orders were issued to 7 operators to stop radiating from these BTSs with immediate effect,\" it added.Functioning of the BTSs may be resumed only after the sites are made compliant and information to that effect is verified by Telecom Enforcement and Resource Monitoring (TERM) Cell Mumbai, the statement said.When contacted, industry body COAI - which represents GSM players - Director General Rajan S Mathews said the operators should be given some time to ascertain about towers which are non-compliant.CDMA industry body AUSPI offered no immediate comment. A DoT official told PTI: \"Show cause notices will be issued to these companies on penal action but keeping in mind public health as top priority, we ordered them to shut down these BTSs immediately.\"The new radiation norms, applicable from September, have lowered limit of emission from telecom towers by one-tenth compared to earlier levels.Under the new guidelines, emissions from telecom antenna mounted on mobile towers should be equivalent to frequency range in which the antenna operates. Like, an antenna operating in the frequency range of 400 Mhz will be allowed to emit 400 watt of energy per 2,000 square metre of area.Also, it has set minimum distance of a tower (with two antenna) will be 35 metres from a residential building.There is also norm to impose penalty of Rs 5 lakh per BTS (antenna system at a tower site) per service provider.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391071", "title": "Now, you can vote to select anat'l microbe", "text": "PUNE: Just like the national bird or the national animal, India may soon have a national microbe too.Of the eight microbes shortlisted by the Centre for Environment Education (CEE) in consultation with the Ministry of Environment and Forests (MoEF), one will be designated as the national microbe. The CEE has initiated the process of selection as a method of education, besides creating awareness among people about the importance of micro-organisms and their critical status in the country.The eight microbes shortlisted are Lactobacillus, Rhizobium, Blue mold, Wild Yeast, Bacteriophage T4, Spirogyra, E-Coli and Mucor. Anyone can vote online for a microbe of choice. One's choice can also be registered by visiting the 16-coach 'Science Express-Biodiversity Special' train, which is passing through various cities across the country. The train is presently at Khadki station near Pune till September 15.So far, over two lakh students from Paryavaran Mitra schools across the country have registered their votes. The MoEF will select and designate a national microbe after the voting process ends.Amar Karan, programme co-ordinator of CEE Pune, said that through this exercise students will read about microbes and come to know about their importance and role. \"Kartikeya Sarabhai, director of Centre for Environment Education suggested the idea first, which was then submitted to minister of environment and forests Jayanti Natarajan. The minister readily accepted the proposal,'' Karan said.\"India has the tiger as its national animal, banyan as national tree, peacock as national bird, lotus as national flower, elephant as national heritage animal and Gangetic Dolphin as national aquatic animal. So why not have a national microbe?\" said Karan.Karan said microbes play an important role in the soil micro-ecosystem by helping absorb nutrients for plants and crops. Microbes are also helpful in food-processing, medicines, waste management and contribute to the economy of the country by providing ecosystem services. \"The idea of having a national microbe is to create awareness and educate people about their importance in our lives. Application of chemicals like fertilizers and pesticides during agricultural practices kills microbes present in the soil. These microbes help absorb nitrogen which is a very important nutrient for plant growth,'' he said.One can vote to choose the microbe by sending email to: or cast vote online at http://www.ceeindia.org/cee/nationalmicrobe/index.html", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16388955", "title": "BMC to study multi-crore CST subways proposal at CST", "text": "MUMBAI: Central Railway (CR) has drawn up plans to build a network of underground sub-way around the Chattrapati Shivaji Terminus (CST) to ensure faster dispersal of commuters.Under world Class development project, the CR had already drawn up a plan build a subway to connect CST to GPO main road. However, the proposal has hit a hurdle after International Council on Monuments and Site, an advisory body to UNESCO disapproved railways request to rational buffer zone to free up land for development. The freed-up land could have been commercially exploited to fund the revamp of CST, which had been granted the status of world heritage site in 2004 by UNESCO.CR is keen to take up the work on the subway by detach from the master plan prepared for over all development of CST into world class station. It feels that building a subway will not violate the heritage norms. Moreover, the delay in executing the World Class project is putting on hold the subway project that is crucial for smooth dispersal of commuters.\"Central Railway's Divisional Raiway Manager (DRM) Mukesh Nigam met Municipal Commissioner Sitaram Kunte to discuss the proposal. CR expect the richest civic body in the country to fund the project, which will pass underground the Walchand Hirachand Marg and DN road.CR officials said that their foremost demand is to build the sub-way below the concourse area between the DRM building and main CST building and cross the WH road toward Fort. The official said, \"It will benefit lakhs of commuters who work in Fort, The cost of the project for this leg of subway is estimated to be RS 80-100 crore and will be 60 m long.\"In Phase II, the authorities can built a subway, alongside the existing facility on the West side, with an entry and exit point near pavement in Fort direction but the location is yet to be finalized.. In the third phase, all the three subways can be inter-connected that can create a huge network of underground pedestrian network.The official said, \"We do not foresee any objection from the Heritage committee as the underground network will in no way ruin the facade of the CST.\".As of now, 14 columns of the people can walk through the existing concourse from the East side entry/exist of CST station. The official said, \"The new sub-way should be able to handle at least 10 columns of people.\"According to BMC sources Kunte told the DRM that they will have to study the proposal, though railway said that commissioner appeared positive about the benefits of the project.Kunte could not be reached for a comment as he is out of the country. However an official from the BMC's roads and bridges department said there is huge network of underground utilities, including water supply pipe lines, sewer lines and able. It will required nothing but an herculean task to shift these utilities without causing inconvenience to commuters and vehicular traffic.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "16391532", "title": "Obama sends marines, warships to hunt killers", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama directed warships, drones, and marines towards the troubled Arab regions amid a developing US assessment that the Islamist assault on the consulate in Benghazi that killed the American ambassador to Libya was a pre-planned assault to mark 9/11, and not a spontaneous protest against an anti-Islam film.Amid growing pressure from hard-line critics at home and politicization of the handling of thecrisis in an election-season, Obama promised to bring the killers to justice. The pledge, ominous for the killers in the light of Washington's relentless pursuit and success in nailing Osama bin Laden and the Lockerbie bombers, came even as more protests erupted in Yemen, where the US embassy was also stormed.US officials refrained from outright claiming that the Benghazi attack was linked to 9/11, but there were searching questions as to how the protestors came armed with rocket propelled guns and other lethal weaponry that enabled them to gut the consulate, where the ambassador and an aide were killed even though they had taken shelter in a safe room, and protected by two marines, who were also killed.At home, Wednesday's bloody episode rapidly became politicized after Republicans pilloried Obama for what they saw as an apologetic and weak-kneed first response.The perception arose because the US embassy in Cairo, scene of the first reported mob violence, had put out statements before the protests condemning the anti-Islam film and suggesting there was an over-reach in the right to free expression.The man at the center of the controversy was Larry Schwartz, a state department public affairs specialist who went to Cairo recently after three years each in New Delhi and Islamabad.It turned out though that Schwartz had tweeted his disapproval of the anti-Islam film before the embassy ground was breached by protestors and before the news of the death of the US ambassador in neighbouring Libya had trickled out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389775", "title": "25% water cut in suburbs, Mumbai on Saturday", "text": "MUMBAI: Large parts of the island city and some places in the suburbs will face 25% water cuts for 24 hours on Saturday.The cut has been announced as the BMC will work on a water main as part of the Maroshi-Vakola-Mahim-Ruparel Tunnel Project in Bandra (E). This cross-connection between the tunnel and a 600-mm-diameter water main will help improve the distribution network of the city.The affected areas in the island city are B, E, F-north and F-south wards, which include Dongri, Malabar Hill, Dadar, Sion and Matunga. In the suburbs, Bandra (W), Khar (W) and Santa Cruz (W) will face the water cut.This is one of the five underground tunnels that the civic body had planned to avoid encroachment on water mains, contamination and theft. One of the five has been commissioned while the work on the others are going on and will be commissioned by next year.The civic body is in the process of completing the project, at the end of which the tunnel will replace the mains from Maroshi (Marol) to Ruparel College, Matunga. The cost to build the 10-km-long tunnel is pegged at Rs 313 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389455", "title": "Maharashtra justifies gutka ban in court", "text": "MUMBAI: Likening gutka and pan masala to \"poison\", Maharashtra advocate general Darius Khambata on Thursday defended the state's ban against the flavoured tobacco product.Khambata told the bench of Chief Justice Mohit Shah and Justice Nitin Jamdar that the Food Safety and Standards Act and its rules notified last year were valid, which brought gutka and pan masala under its purview as \"food\".Khmabata said the Centre empowered the states to regulate such food items and thus the ban was justified and made in \"larger public interest.\"Public health is an area that the states must keep in mind and the new Act addressed the lacunae that were mentioned by the Supreme Court when it set aside an earlier ban in the Ghodawat Gutka case. Earlier the gutka manufacturers through counsel, including Janak Dwarkadas, had stressed that the state was not empowered to ban gutka even under the Food Safety Law. Khambata will continue his arguments on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16392970", "title": "Gupte\u2019s next is all about money", "text": "H e didn't get much credit for his first film Taare Zameen Par. It was only with Stanley Ka Dabba that heconsolidated his position as an independent filmmaker. And now, painter-actor-filmmaker thinker Amole Gupte is quietly ready with his third film, which he calls a 'wisdom film'.Gupte says, \"It's a film on the theme of financial management. When we are young, we know nothing about how to manage our money, and when we see people who are careful with their money, we laugh at them.\" The movie's protagonist is one such man Amole knew when he was growing up in the middle class DivaNagar locality of Mumbai.Reliving memories of his childhood, Gupte says, \"There was this man in our neighbourhood, who used to wear ankle-length trousers and torn hawaii chappals and pass by every day, carrying a green plastic jhola. We all used to think he is a clown. Finally, he turned out to be the owner of accumulated savings to the tune of Rs 5 crore that he used to give his three daughters the best education possible. We spend needlessly to look more affluent than we are. If we are caught saving, we are somehow not part of the 'in' crowd. My film is amorality tale based on the 5,000-year old principle of 'jitni chaadar, utna hi pair phelana' , which translates as 'stretch your legs only to the extent the blanket allows. Somewhere, we squander money just for the sake of being trendy.\"However, Gupte is quick to point out his film has all the staples of a typical Hindi film like song, dance, humour and drama. Playing the man who saved for a rainy day is 'Bugs' Bhargava Krishna while the childprotagonist,based on Amole himself, is played by child actor Naman Jain.Asked why he didn't cast his son Partho in the role, Gupte says, \"My son is now concentrating on his studies and school-related extra-curricular activities. Naman played Janghiya in Chillar Party and he has just done Mira Nair's short film on Mumbai. I am very proud of him. The protagonist, the man who epitomises financial wisdom, is played by a superb actor, Bhargava Krishna. He played the English teacher in Taare Zameen Par.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16390157", "title": "Internet search engines must show greater cultural sensibility", "text": "Internet search engines and social media platforms need to exhibit a greater awareness of varying cultural sensibilities given the fact that their reach extends to the whole world. Sticking to the letter of the law may be a tenable legal position, but they must take into account the consequences of doing so. Where waiting for the legal process to unfold or for governments to ask them to take something off the net can mean several lives getting lost or communities and nations getting pitted against each other, they must show more common sense and act before they are asked to do so.Related story:  Worried government moves to block\u00a0anti-Islam\u00a0film\u00a0", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388657", "title": "One more dies of swine flu, 3 test positive", "text": "NAGPUR: A 35-year-old woman became second person from city to succumb to swine flu during the current spell in Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) on Thursday. Three other patients admitted there tested positive for the infection on the same day.The deceased, Manda Vaidya, belonged to Dongargaon near Butibori. She had been admitted to the hospital on September 7. Manda had developed some kidney complications and was put on dialysis but the organ gave way and she died. Among the other patients who tested positive were a 35-year-old man, a 45-year-old woman and a 17-year-old girl, all from Nagpur.Only last week, a 25-year-old man, also from Butibori, was the first person to die of the infection from the city. A month before that, a man from Gondia, who had been brought to a city hospital, was the first casualty of H1N1 from the region. \"Eight samples of people suspected to have the infection were sent to the National Institute of Virology (NIV), Pune, on Wednesday. Of them, four had tested positive as per reports received on Thursday. While one died, two are stable and one has already been discharged,\" said the medical superintendant and head of the preventive and social medicine department Dr Arun Humne. Since April, ten people from the city have tested positive for the infection.Though the experts had said that swine flu may spread again this year, they say that the virus should not be dreaded like it was in 2009. They say that now H1N1 can be treated like any other seasonal flu.Along with the government hospitals, GMCH, Indira Gandhi Government Medical College and Hospital, five private hospitals including Hope, RG Chandak Critical Care, Wockhardt, KRIMS and Orange City Hospital and Research Institute are authorized to treat patients with swine flu. Screening can be done at hospitals run by Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394468", "title": "Priyanka Chopra wants to be the voice for Rekha", "text": "Actress Priyanka Chopra , who unveiled her debut international music single 'In My City' last night, says she wants to sing in Bollywood movies someday and would like to lend her voice to veteran actress Rekha.Priyanka's first international single 'In My City', featuring rap artiste and Black Eyed Peas singer Will.I.Am, will have her crooning in English.\"I would like to be the voice for Rekhaji,\" Priyanka told reporters here last night.At the 13th International Indian Film Academy ( IIFA ) awards held earlier this year, Priyanka gave a heartwarming tribute to Rekha by dancing to the tunes of her popular songs like ' In aakhon ki masti ke', 'Salaam-e-Ishq meri jaan', 'Pyar do pyaar lo' and 'Pardesiya'.Priyanka also revealed that she is open to singing in Bollywood movies.\"I would love to sing in movies. But it all depends on music directors like if Salim-Suleiman and Vishan-Shekhar want me to sing, then I would. You never know, this could happen,\" she said.The actress's debut single 'In My City' will be available across all physical and digital platforms from today on Universal music.Listen to Priyanka's song 'In My City' on gaana.com\"I had no training or experience in music. I just hope that I have been able to create a sound that India would be proud of. The bigness of the song was the challenge. My range for the song had to be big. I had a vocal coach who helped me,\" she said.\"When I went on singing show 'Indian Idol' (recently) to promote my film, I remember Asha tai (singer Asha Bhosale) told me she will give me tips on how to sing and I should give her the same on acting as she is making her debut as an actor in Hindi films,\" she added.Priyanka's much anticipated debut album is expected to release early next year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388764", "title": "Cops mount vigil at foreign offices", "text": "NEW DELHI: Security was stepped up outside all American and European offices in the city on Thursday after widespread protests and attacks were reported from the Middle East over blasphemous portrayal of Prophet Mohammad in a film uploaded on the Net. The US ambassador to Libya was killed in one such attack.Delhi Police said it has no specific inputs but is following orders from the home ministry. A day earlier, the Intelligence Bureau had issued specific alerts for a week, beginning September 13, about terror groups like the LeT trying to target crowds in the capital and south Gujarat. Security agencies are worried as the Batla House encounter anniversary is round the corner.The special branch is keeping a watch for rumour mongers, and has sought cooperation from senior community leaders of all religions. Sources said additional forces have been kept ready with an eye on DU and JNU elections scheduled for Friday.The special cell said it will send a team to Kishtwar after the NIA team reaches there to question Javed Ahmed, an accused in the Kandahar plane hijacking case of 1999. His questioning by J&K; police has reportedly revealed that he might have been involved in the 1996 Lajpat Nagar blast. The special cell wants to find out how the accused carried out hawala transactions in Nepal, and whether the terror organization Indian Mujahideen was a direct beneficiary of these transactions.Sources said the accused took help from diplomats in Kathmandu to smuggle weapons, ammunition and fake currency into India. During interrogation, Ahmed gave details about his relations with Syed Salahuddin, Anees Ibrahim and Dawood Ibrahim, who figure in the list of 20 most-wanted persons India has given to Pakistan, police said. Sources said soon after he returned from his training in Pakistan Occupied Kashmir (POK), he was arrested in Uri and sent to Kot Bhalwal Jail, where he came in contact with militants Syed Salludin, Nayeem Khan and Imran Rahi. He was released and crossed several times into Pakistan and Nepal to carry out the plans of militants, sources said.Police said they are keeping in touch with intelligence agencies. \"We have been trying to work out alternative traffic routes in case we need to close down certain routes. We are, however, collecting information on some trouble makers and ensuring that they do not vitiate the atmosphere,'' said an officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "16389438", "title": "Security at US consulate enhanced", "text": "HYDERABAD: In view of the violent attack on the US consulate at Libya's second largest city Benghazi, the Hyderabad police have enhanced security around the American consulate here on Thursday.City Armed Reserve (CAR) and law and order police handle the security outside the US Consulate in Begumpet round-the-clock in three shifts. Normally in each shift, an eight-member law and order team and a CAR platoon (20 personnel) take care of the security at the entrance of the road leading to the consulate and the two checkpoints in between.Following the Benghazi strike, an additional CAR platoon and a 10-member local police team have been added to the existing security in each shift. A bomb disposal team has also been roped in and thorough vehicle checking is being conducted at checkpoints.Meanwhile, Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma said efforts were being made to block excerpts of the film 'Innocence of Muslims' on social networking sites. \"The availability of such film on social media sites may create discontent and generate protests in India also. Efforts are being made to ensure that the said content is deleted from You Tube and other social networkingsites,'' Sharma said in the release. He also warned that severe action would be initiated against any person who tries to circulate any film which could hurt the sentiments of any community.With intelligence sleuths receiving inputs on rallies being planned by certain organizations in the city on Friday to protest the film 'Innocence of Muslims', the police have beefed up security in several sensitive areas in the city.Meanwhile, a delegation led by MIM president and Hyderabad MP Asaduddin Owaisi and comprising party's MLAs and MLCs, met DGP (law and order) Syed Anwarul Huda and additional DGP (intelligence) M Mahender Reddy on Thursday evening. The MIM functionaries appealed to the police to block any material related to the movie on social networking sites and scale up security in the city.The film has already created tension in different parts of the world including Libya , Egypt and Yemen. The police have sounded alert in all the police stations limits, especially in the South, West and East Zones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390562", "title": "Feel the diesel pinch today", "text": "KOLKATA: The hike in the price of diesel and the Centre's decision to restrict subsidised cooking gas cylinders to six a year for each household had an immediate impact on the city's middle-class, already reeling under inflationary pressure.While bus owners have threatened to suspend city services due to the diesel price hike, the subsidy cut on cooking gas has left homemakers fuming.\"We don't need to call a strike. The buses will go off the roads on their own. The business is no longer viable because the expenses, after the Rs 5 hike, will far exceed the income. We can't run the service for even half a day if the government doesn't allow a hike in fares. The government can't blame the operators if the public transport collapses,\" said Tapan Banerjee of Joint Council of Bus Syndicates, a parent body of private operators of passenger stage carriage.This is the ninth diesel price hike since 2009 but bus operators have not been allowed any hike in fare, he said.Bengal Taxi Association general secretary Bimal Guha pointed out that diesel has become costlier by Rs 19 during this period, while the government refuses to raise taxi fares. Transport operators are not in a mood to wait for a day. The impact would be telling from Saturday when fuel stations would go dry.Government-run buses cannot cater to the commuter rush alone. The entire fleet of state buses carries 13.9 lakh passengers a day while private buses carry 40.8 lakh passengers.Bus and taxi operaters have called an emergency meeting on Friday. \"We have to take the extreme route. We are left with no option,\" said Joint Council of Bus Syndicate secretary Sadhan Das. Even goods carriage will be costlier, said Satyajit Banerjee of goods vehicles operators' association.Homemakers, however, are more annoyed with the subsidy cut on LPG that is likely to push up their monthly budgets. Malabika Chatterjee, who requires , a housewife, was shocked when she heard about the UPA-II government's decision to put a cap on the consumption of subsidized LPG to six. She needsone-and-a-half cylinders every month, was shocked at the UPA-II government's decision. However, this time the government has decided that anybody requiring gas more than six cylinders a year more than six has to buy it LPG cylinders at Rs 770 each. The price is going to change every month.Malabika with two children and ailing mother-in-law has very high consumption of LPG. Following this announcement, she is also planning to take another new connection in her name to support the LPG need of the family.Similarly, Hemlata Das needs one LPG cylinder to run her family of six people for 20 days. \"This is an impossible proposition. We all have a budget for our household expenses and cooking medium is just one component in it, it is not everything. I am at a loss, if this happens how will we manage household expenses?\"Like Malabika, and Hemlata there are many others who are shocked at this decision. Moumita Banerjee was also shocked.\"An LPG cylinder costs Rs 405 in the city. If this is the subsidised price, what is the market price?\" Moumita said.The Empowered Group of Ministers in a meeting in September, 2011, proposed to restrict the subsidy to six 14.2-kg bottle of LPG, on grounds that each such cylinder usually lasts a household 45-60 days. It was proposed that a family requiring more than the quota has to pay LPG prices at market rates that would be around Rs 770 a cylinder. However, the meeting had to be put off because of opposition from UPA allies namely the Trinamool Congress and the DMK.Commuters fear the two-pronged hike would pinch their pockets dear.\"We do not have to go for a strike. Buses will simply go off the roads. The business is no more viable because the expenditure after the five rupees hike will far exceed the income. We can't run the service for even half a day if the state government doesn't allow a hike in bus fares. The government can't blame the operators if the public transport collapses,\" said Tapan Banerjee of Joint Concil of Bus Syndicates, a parent body of private operators of passenger stage carriage. Banerjee cited that this was the ninth diesel price hike and during this time bus operators have not been allowed an increase in fares.The diesel price has risen by Rs 19 by this period, yet the government remained adamant on nonrevision of fare, said Bengal Taxi Association general sectretary Bimal Guha.From Friday itself, the impact would be felt, warned transport operators. The impact would be telling from Saturday when the petrol tanks would completely go dry. The government run buses alone cannot fulfil the vacuum. Significantly, state buses (the entire fleet of five transport PSUs) only carry 13.90 lakh while the privare run buses carry 40.8 lakh passenger on an average day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "16390365", "title": "Newborn girl abandoned in reserve forest", "text": "CHENNAI: A newborn girl was found abandoned in the reserve forest at Vembakkam near Singaperumalkoil, about 60km from the city, on Wednesday night. Kanappan, a resident of the area, had gone to water the crops in his farmland late at night when he heard a baby cry.Kannappan told police that since he was scared of going alone into the dense forest, he called his father to accompany him. Not too far off, they found the baby. Much of the umbilical cord was attached to the baby. They carried the girl into the village where women cut the umbilical chord and cleaned her.The child was gasping for breath and the women gave her sugar syrup which is considered a grandma's recipe to revive babies in distress. She was later taken to the Kancheepuram Government Hospital where she is kept in the ICU.Village elders convened an emergency meeting of the panchayat at midnight to find out who the mother was or if any pregnant woman had visited the village in the last few days. Nobody owned up. \"It was cruel to abandon the baby in a forest. Luckily she was not harmed by any animal,\" said M Nandagopal, who was among those who shifted the baby to a hospital later.Police said the entire village woke up on hearing the news of the abandoned baby and everybody wanted to chip in. Some went looking for the mother who had left the baby, while others came with clothes to keep the newborn warm. Police were surprised that a woman had ventured into the forest late at night. \"It also shows that she was desperate that nobody knew about her pregnancy,\" a policeman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "16391658", "title": "Multi-cuisine fare for JSS students", "text": "MYSORE: Home-cooked food and cuisine from their native state is what students in hostels crave for. In a bid to address those needs, the JSS University has come with a hi-tech food court providing all types of delicacies from various regions.The JSS University Medical college campus has around 2,500 students from 28 states and abroad. In order to make them feel at home, the institution has set up a hi-tech food court with modern kitchen equipment. It has seating arrangements both inside the court as well as in the lawn area. The food court can accommodate 2,000 students at a time. \"Our campus comprises students having different kind of food habits. So to give them a taste of their region, the food court was set up,\" said JSS University Registrar Dr B Manjunatha.Crores have been spent on the food court while cooks from Uttar Pradesh, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala have been hired to cater to different taste buds of the students.The food court is open for 12 hours from morning 7 am and the menu of the food changes every day. Only vegetarian food is served here.\"We want students to be happy as they stay away from their families for nearly five years. Since medicos are busy with their studies, they don't get time to go out and have their favourite food,\" he said.Students from UP and MP prefer aloo parathas and spicy curry for breakfast while Keralites like boiled rice and coconut-based curry for lunch. Delhiites and others love to relish chats in the evening.So the food court has on offer 25 varieties of chat, said Manjunatha.Students from foreign countries are also made to feel at home, so the spread has Chinese and international cuisine as well.Staff and students committees will check the quality of food and hygiene in the food court every month. The food court also has a VIP lounge for visiting guests. It doesn't have any separate cabins for staff so that they can interact freely with students.Also on the anvil are Wi-Fi systems and large screen television sets in the food court so that students can entertain themselves while eating.Food court facilitator Santosh Singh who also runs a food court in Infosys campus in Mysore claims that all the masalas are freshly made and sourced from various regions. Groceries are purchased from prominent retail outlets in order to provide quality food.\"Everything is served hot all the time so you don't find any microwave ovens in the food court,\" he stated.Mangangleima Irom from northeast, interning as a dentist, is enthused by the food court. \"I love the food as it has homemade taste. Chinese dishes and chats are my favourite delicacies here,\" says Irom.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16394273", "title": "Bhakti Kulkarni secures WGM title", "text": "PANAJI: Bhakti Kulkarni became Goa's first Woman Grandmaster (WGM) after the World Chess Federation officially cleared her title at 83rd FIDE Congress in Istanbul.Bhakti secured three norms, necessary to qualify for the coveted title, through Marienbad Open in Czech Republic in January last year, Asian Junior Girls under-20 at Sri Lanka in June 2011 and Caissa International in Hungary in September last year.\"I am very happy to become Goa's first Woman Grandmaster,\" an elated Bhakti said.\"It's a dream of every chess player to achieve this feat and I am glad that I could finally do it.\"I will now strive hard to achieve IM (International Master) and IGM (International Grandmaster) titles,\" Bhakti said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "16390323", "title": "Social role of higher education discussed", "text": "KANPUR: The Department of Adult Continuing Education and Extension and Social Work at Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University organised a lecture on \"Transformation of Higher Education for Social Change to National Development\" at the varsity's Paramedical Auditorium on Thursday.Speaking on the occasion, National coordinator, Rajiv Gandhi Study Circle and former HOD of Chemistry, Jaipur University, Prof PC Vyas stressed upon the need to expand the reach of higher education.He said there were three dimensions to an educational institution, namely teachers, students and society, and higher education plays an important role for overall development of the society.Prof Vyas said students should be made aware of the needs of the society, and they should be trained accordingly. Addressing the teachers and the students present, Prof Ashok Kumar, vice chancellor, Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, said people nowadays are more aware of their rights and duties due to higher education.Sandeep Singh, HOD of Adult Continuing Education and Extension and Social Work talked of inclusivity in higher education to bridge diversities in the country.Those present at the programme included Prof Mridula Bhadauria, HOD, Education Department and other faculty members of the university, including Rajeev Verma, Anita Awasthi, Ajay Pratap Singh, Kiran Jha, Dr Pravin Katiyar, HOD, Paramedical Sciences, Upma Srivastava and Dharmendra Katiyar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388472", "title": "Another engineering student ends life, 94 since March", "text": "NAGPUR: As city police reported one more engineering student's suicide on Wednesday, the number of students' suicides in Nagpur district has reached 94 in the last six months, say statistics collected by social worker Seema Sakhare's suicide prevention helpline organization.Twenty-two-year-old Kunal Shedke hanged himself at his Guruprasad Nagar in Wadi area after failing twice in the second year mechanical stream. This is the fifth student's suicide in the last ten days. On Tuesday, 19-year-old Rupam Thakre, who had taken admission to LIT just a month ago, ended his life at his rented room in NSK society in Ambazari area.Though no suicide note was found, Kunal's family members said that on Tuesday, Kunal had texted his elder brother Ashwin, in which he said he was thinking of ending his life. Since then, Ashwin had tried hard to distract him. The family refused to share the SMS with TOI. Kunal had a limited friend circle and was close to Ashwin, who works at Orissa.Figures provided by Sakhare say that among 125 suicides in August in Nagpur district, 18 were students. According to the statistics collected by her organization, 609 people including 93 students (64 girls and 39 boys) committed suicide from March to September this year. Among non-students too, the number of women was quite high at 391 as against 125 men.Kunal's drastic step over failure has once again brought into focus the various pressures faced by students.The teenager's relatives told TOI that though Kunal had good scores in Std X and XII, he could not cope with the burden of engineering studies. The academic pressure even resulted into a migraine problem since last six months.\"Kunal somehow cleared the first year but failed twice in the second year. Planning to have a fresh start again, he took a break this year,\" said his brother-in-law, who refused to be named.On Wednesday night, after having dinner together with his parents, Kunal was with his mother Lata, a housewife, till midnight. Later, he went to his room to study. Kunal's father Raghunath is a senior accountant at Director of Accounts Postal.Around 1.30am, before going to sleep, Lata had gone to check Kunal and found him studying. Around 5am, when Lata again went to check on Kunal, she found him hanging from the ceiling fan with a bed sheet.On being informed by residents, Wadi police rushed Kunal to Mayo hospital where he was declared brought dead.With suicides and suicidal tendencies among youngsters reaching worrying levels, Sakhare's organization is flooded with desperate calls. \"We have been attending hundreds of calls per day and most common causes are relationship problems, academic pressure, quarrel with parents or financial stress ,\" said Sakhare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "16391637", "title": "Zila panchayat chairman, five others arrested in city", "text": "LUCKNOW: The crime branch of Lucknow police nabbed six persons including the chairman of Sultanpur Zila Panchayat and a dreaded criminal known to have proximity with a mafia-turned MLA from eastern UP. The cops recovered cash and weapons from their possession in Mahanagar police station area, and freed two persons including a zila panchayat member and husband of a zila panchayat member from the miscreants.According to the police, the two persons were kidnapped at the behest of zila panchayat chairman, who wanted to ensure that they do not vote against him in the no-confidence motion moved against him. The Sultanpur Zila Panchayat chairman was identified as Sitaram Verma, a resident of Patarkhaas in Sultanpur. Verma is said to be loyal to Bahujan Samaj Party , police added.The action of the crime branch came after a complaint was lodged by zila panchayat member Kiran Singh, who stated that miscreants had kidnapped her husband Ajay Singh and zila panchayat member Vijay Pandey late on Wednesday night.The dreaded criminal and a history-sheeter was identified as Rizwan alias Pappu Patra, a resident of Kotwali police station area in Sultanpur; Rajendra Prasad Chaudhary, a native of Basti and resident of Vinay Khand in Gomtinagar; Chhotelal Nishad, a resident of Sultanpur; Sunder Singh, a resident of Jalaun and Ramesh Chandra Dubey, a resident of Sultanpur.The two persons taken as hostage were identified as Vijay Pandey, a resident of Baldi Rai police station area in Sultanpur district and a zila panchayat member. Ajay Singh, a resident of Sultanpur district is husband of Kiran Singh, who is also a zila panchayat member.The crime branch sleuths recovered the two hostages from a hotel situated on Chhannilal Crossing. The police also recovered cash worth Rs 18.18 lakh, two factory-made revolvers and a factory-made rifle along with more than three dozen live cartridges. According to sleuths, Sitaram had booked one floor to keep the zila panchayat members. Verma was short of two members to win the no-confidence motion and had planned to manage the two hostages either by bribing them or using muscle power.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390619", "title": "200 more vacancies by Nov after phased transfer", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University will take in more than 200 professors and assistant professors after completing the first phase of recruitments.\"We have asked the university to issue advertisements for the remaining posts at the earliest,\" said education minister Bratya Basu on Thursday.The university council will publish the ads in the first week of November. At the moment, Presidency University is recruiting for 184 posts - 80 vacancies and 104 new positions.\"Some of the Presidency teachers who have opted in and were selected by the expert panel are in addition to the 184 advertised posts, taking the total number of recruitments now to around 200,\" said vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar.More than 200 vacancies will soon be created when the Presidency teachers, who opted out or were not selected, are transferred to other colleges.The higher education department may carry out the transfers in phases. \"It will not take us long since many new colleges are being opened and they need teachers,\" said a higher education department official.\"The parameters will remain the same as we shall not compromise on quality. Only the best will be chosen for the remaining posts as well. We have completed recruitments in eight of the 18 departments - sociology, philosophy, English, history, statistics, economics, physics and molecular biology. We shall have to readvertise for a few positions in these departments where we could not find suitable candidates,\" added the vice-chancellor.In the English department, for instance, only one professor and five assistant professors have been selected although there are three professor chairs and 13 posts of assistant professors. In history, there are 11 posts of assistant professors and three professors. \"We will have to advertise for five assistant professor posts and two professor posts,\" said an official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rani mukherjee in 'black', konkona sen-sharma in '15 park avenue' and now priyanka chopra in 'barfi'! what's it about these inwardly-ravaged characters that makes them award-worthy? here's a look at eleven actors", "code": "16393232", "title": "Bollywood's awards worthy characters", "text": "Rani Mukherjee in 'Black', Konkona Sen-Sharma in '15 Park Avenue' and now Priyanka Chopra in 'Barfi'! What's it about these inwardly-ravaged characters that makes them award-worthy? Here's a look at eleven actors:Rajesh Khanna in Khamoshi : After a breakup, Rajesh Khanna comes to a mental assylum to be cured by nurse Waheeda Rehman who has the hots for him. The performance was remarkably controlled, no hysterical laughter, no nervous twitches or pointed giggles. It was all amazingly smooth-sailing. One of Khanna's best! Salman Khan played the same role in the recent Kyun Ki quite effectively.Smita Patil in Arth / Bipasha Basu in Madhosh : Hiccuping hysterically, wheezing in anguished nervousness , screaming as she falls dangerously into dementia, Smita was a sight in Arth ! Years later in a strange adaptation of Ron Howard's A Beautiful Mind Russel Crowe's character underwent a sex change in Madhosh . He was transformed into Bipasha Basu! And she pulled out all plugs to deliver a rousing performance as a woman who 'sees' her imagined lover John Abraham. Schizophrenia in kitsch form. Aprt from this, Bipasha played a traumatized woman in Saurabh Shukla's Chehra.Raakhee in Dacait : As a woman who suffers a complete nervous breakdown after she's incessantly tortured by the villains Raakhee was scarily real in this brilliant Rahul Rawail film. The fear and later the void in the actress' eyes was palpable.Salman Khan in Tere Naam : You could doubt the medical authenticity of this cock-and-bull story. But the angst in Khan's eyes as he lapsed in a dungeon-styled dementia (chains in the hands and feet) and the pain of unrequited love stayed with you. A truly bravura performance that deserved a lot more recognition.Farida Jalal in Bobby : An underrated gem of a performance. As an adult with an under-developed IQ , desperate to latch on to anyone who would marry her Farida was poignant and cruelly funny in this movie.Ayesha Kapoor in Black : Though she wasn't mentally challenged her acute isolation caused by her deafness and muteness made little Ayesha's character a portrait of volatile dysfunctionalism. The little girl gave what can comfortably be called the best performance by a child.Kamal Haasan in Abhay : If you haven't seen the Tamilian maverick do the psycho in this psychedelic thriller you haven't really watched an actor go over the edge without going over-the-top. Kamal Haasan walked that thin dread line without losing hold of the character's heart-ripping roots.Sridevi in Sadma : As the child-woman suffering from amnesia Sridevi pouted preened and pirouetted. Her performance was cute endearing heartwarming and utterly authentic.Konkona Sen-Sharma in 15 Park Avenue : If Sridevi in Sadma was cute Konkona was acute. As a girl slipping and sliding into total mental collapse, Konkona comes into her own. Her understanding of the nature of schizophrenia is so acute you wonder if she's 'acting' for a camera or assuming a personality disorder that comes from within her. This is one split personality that doesn't have you in splits. The portrait of schizophrenia raises harrowing recollections of Smita in Arth . Could Shabana's presence in both films be the creative catalyst?Sanjeev Kumar in Khilona : In this bizarre melodrama about a kothewali (Mumtaz)'s efforts to wean a 'paagal' (that's how mentally disturbed souls were known in our past movies ) away from insanity had Sanjeev Kumar giving a broad but clenched performance. In scenes where he was locked in a room he behaved like someone on steroids threatening to break the window grill and leap at his lady love.Priyanka Chopra in Barfi : As the autistic Jhilmil in Anurag Basu's gentle and joyful new film, Priyanka Chopra brings to her role the kind of elegant edginess that very few actors in India have managed while playing psychologically special humanbeings. Priyanka strips her persona of all glamorous vanity,and outstrips even Ranbir Kapoor who is outstanding in his right, thereby proving herself once again the best actress in the post-Sridevi generation.Special mention: Hrithik Roshan in Koi...Mil Gaya : Though he didn't play a psychologically challenged character, Hrithik proved himself one of the finest actors of the pre and post Bachchan era , playing the autistic child-man in his dad's Koi..Mil Gaya . Catching the essence of the character to perfection Hrithik made us forget Tom Hanks in Forrest Gump. And how can we forget Rani Mukherjee in Sanjay Bhansali's Black ? Again psychologically normal, her anguished realization of a blackened existence was lanced by pain passion and a hunger to excel and a fierce determination to fight a world that has no patience with special people.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391092", "title": "MPCB to act against civic hospital", "text": "PUNE: The Maharashtra Pollution Control Board (MPCB) has found a series of lapses vis-a-vis disposal of bio medical waste ( BMW ) at the Pune Municipal Corporation-run Kamla Nehru Hospital. A team of board officials inspected the 240-bed hospital in Mangalwar Peth on Thursday.The officials found that the hospital disposes the waste unscientifically in the domestic garbage container (TOI had reported about this earlier). The record of daily generation of hospital waste was missing and the administration failed to procure the board's authorization mandatory for any hospital generating bio medical waste.\"We did find plaster and gauze in the garbage container inside the Kamla Nehru Hospital, which is against the environmental norms. Besides, we found that PMC had been running the hospital without seeking the MPCB's mandatory authorization, which is required if you generate bio medical waste. It is blatant violation of the act. The record about the kind of bio medical waste generated everyday and segregated at the hospital was also missing,\" said an MPCB official who inspected the hospital.After a few vigilant citizens informed the paper about the unhealthy practices, which they claimed had been on for many days at the hospital, TOI published a report on September 13 about the unscientific disposal of bio medical waste at the hospital.\"The inspection brought forth other lacunae vis-a-vis scientific disposal of hospital waste at the PMC-run hospital. We will submit our report to the regional authority,\" the official said.It is mandatory for all clinical establishments to obtain authorisation under Bio Medical Waste (management and handling) Rules, 1998, and amendment thereof. It is also compulsory for them to submit an undertaking and treat the biomedical waste generated at their units as per the Act. The MPCB is responsible for effective implementation of the norms.S T Pardeshi, medical officer of health (MoH), PMC, said, \"We have taken subscription of the common bio medical waste treatment facility at the Kailas crematorium for scientific incineration of bio medical waste generated by all PMC-run hospitals. The agency lifts the waste every day and incinerates it scientifically.\"Asked why the PMC failed to seek the board's mandatory authorisation for generating bio medical waste at Kamla Nehru Hospital, Pardeshi said, \"It is a technical mistake. It will be immediately rectified.\"B M Francis, medical superintendent of Kamla Nehru Hospital, said, \"We are not required to keep daily record of bio medical waste. There is a barcode given to all hospitals and the agency that looks after the treatment facility accordingly lifts the waste from each hospital every day and keeps record of its weight, types, etc. As for authorisation, we have initiated the process to get one.\"Asked why the hospital authorities let go medical waste into domestic garbage container, Francis said, \"This is wrong. We are very careful about disposal of bio medical waste. Whatever the medical waste the officials found might have been thrown by outsiders.\"Pradip Mulay, director, PASSCO Environment Solution Pvt Ltd, a service providing company that runs the bio medical waste treatment facility on behalf of PMC, said, \"Segregation of hospital waste is important for proper disposal process. Every hospital needs to keep a record of what kind of bio medical waste was generated on a given day and how the hospital segregated it.\"\"There are white, red and yellow coloured bags for different types hospital wastes. All kinds of sharp items are segregated and put into the white bag, all non-contaminated disposable are put into red bag and blood stained bio medical waste like gauze, cotton swabs, bandages, etc, are put into yellow bags. It is mandatory for all hospitals to keep a record of this.\"Mulay also confirmed that PMC had taken subscription for treating the bio medical waste generated at their hospitals. \"All PMC-run hospitals and dispensaries together generate around 100kg biomedical waste every day and we do lift it every day. If asked by PMC officials, we are ready to train their personnel in bio medical waste segregation, which is a very scientific and well laid down process under the act\"Pune city generates around 3,000 kg biomedical waste every day which has increased tremendously over the last three years as the number of hospitals has increased.The common bio medical waste treatment facility at Kailas crematorium scientifically treats and incinerates hazardous bio medical waste generated at hospitals and clinics in Pune and charges a certain amount for the services. Subscribing to the facility is mandatory for all clinical establishments under the Bio Medical Waste (management and handling) Rules, 1998, and amendment thereof.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "16389342", "title": "Roadways to start four buses to Agra via Yamuna expressway", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: With considerable rise in the number of commuters from Noida and Greater Noida using the Yamuna Expressway to go to Agra, UPSRTC has decided to extend its bus services on the route. Beginning next week, four additional buses will ply from Pari Chowk in Greater Noida to Agra via the expressway.Commuters will be able to avail the new bus service between 8.30am and 5.30pm every day. These four buses will run in addition to the fleet of 30 roadways buses that began operations on the Anand Vihar-Agra route via the Yamuna Expressway in August.\"We have witnessed a constant rise in number of commuters travelling daily towards Mathura and Agra from Noida and Greater Noida. The passenger count reaches to its maximum on weekends,\" said Sandeep Raizada, assistant regional manager, UPSRTC. \"Details of fares, stoppages, timing, etc will be finalized soon,\" he added.UPSRTC will soon start plying 11 of its regular roadways buses from the Sector 37 depot in Noida. There are several more UPSRTC buses plying on the Yamuna Expressway from Anand Vihar, Ghaziabad, Meerut and the Mathura depot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16389069", "title": "'Naxals, terror groups in state are Maha worry': PM", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after prime minister Manmohan Singh observed that stepped up naxal violence and enhanced threat from terrorists is a cause of worry, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar independently reviewed the law and order situation in the state.Addressing the annual conference of DGPs, Manmohan Singh had observed that the ability of left wing extremists to gradually increase their numbers, enhance their military potential and entrench themselves in some areas of the seven affected states is a cause of worry. Similarly, threat from terrorism in the hinterland continues to be a cause of worry, although 19 interdictions have taken place, terrorists were able to strike in Mumbai and Delhi last year and in Pune this year.According to reports, the PMO had submitted a comprehensive note on terror attacks and naxal attacks in Maharashtra to Sharad Pawar. It was brought to his notice that naxal-infested Gadchiroli district has achieved a dubious distinction of being among the first three worst affected districts across the country.Taking cognisance of the note, Pawar had summoned state home minister R R Patil and high ranking IPS officials to New-Delhi on the measures to be taken to tackle naxalism, nearer home, Chavan too had a marathon discussion with R R Patil and senior police officials. Certainly, it's a matter of concern and worry for the law enforcing agencies. However, we feel that on the incidents of naxal violence, the PMO was provided with inadequate information. We have submitted comprehensive information not only to Pawar and Chavan, but even to PMO too. Ofcourse, facts remains that we will have to step up our vigil at all levels,'' a senior IPS official told ToI on Thursday.Elaborating on the situation in the naxal infested Gadchiroli district, the IPS official said, no doubt stringent measures have been taken to take on the naxalites , but tangible results were not visible and there was complete political vacuum in the entire district. In last 15 years, there is absolutely no development in the entire region. Well over 250 elected representatives have resigned in the wake of mounting pressure from naxalites. We have not been able to halt the ever increasing naxal influence in the area,'' he said.At the high level meeting presided over by Chavan, it was brought to his notice that there was no adequate progress in the developmental works owing to large number of vacancies in all the departments. In police, there only 10 per cent vacancies, while in public works, irrigation, education, energy, public health well over 50 per cent of the posts are lying vacant for a period ranging between 10 to 25 years and no steps were taken to fill up the vacancies,'' he said.The IPS official claimed that compared to the law and order situation in 2009, now there was a marked improvement. In 2009, in view of the assembly polls, Gadchiroli had witnessed 41 incidents of major crime, in 2010, 16 incidents were reported, while in 2011-12, less than nine incidents have been reported,'' he said.On Chavan's response, the official said, the CM has asked the law enforcing agencies to draft a new strategy to tackle naxalism, while directives have been given to chief secretary J K Banthia to take quick steps for filling up vacant posts. CM has asked the CS to fill up vacancies in a time bound period. If officers don't take their assignment in Gadchiroli, stern disciplinary action will be taken against erring officials,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "16389798", "title": "Colleges which violated building plans served notice", "text": "COIMBATORE: As part of a state-wide drive to reign in educational institutions that have constructed buildings in violation of the approved norms, the Local Planning Authority (LPA) here have sent notices to 137 educational institutions.Officials claimed that it will be an ongoing process and they were conducting inspections of the building plan approvals and the norms followed by all educational institutions under their limits. The LPA officials also pointed out that the list of violators, who have already been served with the notice, includes schools, colleges and polytechnic institutes operating in the district.Reports indicate that the government has served notices to about 1,800 colleges in the state. \"We have issued notices to these institutions specifically pointing out their deviations while getting building plans approved and during construction,\" said a senior official from the LPA, Coimbatore.The institutions that have been served notice will be given 30 days to appeal. An additional one week time will be granted before actions like sealing of the building and demolition of structures constructed in deviation to the original approved plans are undertaken. However, officials here in Coimbatore claimed the entire drive is being monitored and supervised by the Directorate of Town and Country Planning (DTCP) head office in Chennai.\"Most of these educational institutions presently identified for violations are located in the outskirts of the city. Most of the college managements have got their approvals from the village panchayats and not from us as per the norms,\" said another LPA official.Local bodies do not have the powers to approve building plans exceeding 2,000 square feet, ground plus one floor structures for commercial purposes, and 4,000 square feet for residential purposes. Only the LPA can approve any of the building plans exceeding the above mentioned criteria.Some of the officials added that the identified violators who have already completed their construction will have to file an appeal with the approved building plan norms before the director of town and country planning, but those whose buildings are still under construction can file their appeal at the LPA office near Tatabad in the city.The move on the part of DTCP to target illegal constructions in 2,400 colleges in the state follows a recent accident at an engineering college near Sriperumbudur, where 10 migrant labourers were killed when an unauthorised stadium under construction collapsed. The owner of the college, Jeppiar, was arrested by the police for building without DTCP's approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16391680", "title": "Semi-nude body of missing 5-year-old boy found near canal", "text": "NAGPUR: The discovery of the seminude body of five-year-old Krish Kaikade on Thursday, 48 hours after he went missing from Mahajanpura near Pardi, has left the cops red-faced. Kalamna police had wasted nine crucial hours before registering a missing complaint on Tuesday night. In fact, they did not act on the complaint even after that, until Krish's body was found in weeds growing along the bank of a nullah at Baradawari village in Kapsi, 4km from Pardi on the outskirts of the city.The cops are clueless about the reason behind the boy's kidnapping and murder. Krish's body had turned black, but the rakhi tied by his younger sister Payal was still on his hand, and helped the kin identify the boy. The cops have ruled out kidnapping for ransom since the economic condition of Krish's father Sunil is not sound.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "16389808", "title": "HK Arts murder: Accused returns from UP, arrested", "text": "AHMEDABAD: City police arrested Arun Jaiswal, 23, prime accused in the murder of Vijay Desai, 18, from his residence late on Wednesday night.In his statement, Jaiswal pleaded innocence and claimed that after a scuffle, one of his friends, Gaurang, had stabbed Desai. Police are searching for Gaurang to verify the statement.Navrangpura police said that Desai, 18, a resident of Ajanta-Ellora Apartment in Thaltej, was stabbed to death by Arun Jaiswal, a third-year student of HK Arts college at 11:30 am on September 6. The duo had got into fisticuffs over the issue of standing in the college auditorium during a cultural event. They decided to call a truce and met at a tea stall near the college when Jaiswal allegedly stabbed Desai in the right side of the chest and left leg and fled. Desai was taken to the VS Hospital where he succumbed to injuries.Navrangpura police station inspector P M Sarvaiya said that Jaiswal had fled from his home that night and had first gone to Nadiad, from where he had taken a train to Jaunpur in Uttar Pradesh, his native place. \"He was aware of the police search. His parents persuaded him to return and surrender rather than become a fugitive. He then returned on Wednesday. When we found out, we went to his home and arrested him,\" he said.In his statement, Jaiswal said that the confrontation started when he, along with others asked Desai to shift further as there was no room to stand in the auditorium. When they refused to do so, Jaiswal started a fight with Desai. Desai however, beat him up and challenged him outside the college, so Jaiswal called up his friends.\"He said that he didn't even have a knife to attack Desai. One of his friends, Gaurang, had a knife that he extracted when two youths roughed him up. While he was brandishing the knife to threaten, Desai tried to stop him and then, Gaurang stabbed him. We are yet to verify Jaiswal's version with the eye-witnesses and have also started a search for Gaurang,\" said a Navrangpura police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "16391752", "title": "Congress: SC-monitored panel should probe allegations", "text": "PANAJI: The Congress has demanded that a Supreme Court-monitored committee be constituted to investigate the Shah commission allegations on illegal mining.The committee can be constituted by the Centre, party spokesman Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco said on Thursday.Reginaldo said he doesn't have faith in state probe and, \"We want a Supreme Court-empowered committee probe.\"The Shah commission had indicted two of Congress' former chief ministers, Digambar Kamat and Pratasingh Rane, for condoning delay while renewing leases for mining operation. Leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane had also demanded a Supreme Court committee.He also said that this committee should have representatives from various sections. \"Don't make allegations but take action and don't take selective actions,\" Reginaldo said. \"Don't crucify anybody before it comes to a logical end,\" he said.After the MoEF announced the suspension of 93 environment clearances, the All India Congress Committee secretary and Goa desk in-charge Sudhakar Reddy clarified that Congress is not opposed to legal mining and wants illegal mining to be stopped.He also said that chief minister Manohar Parrikar should confiscate the ore which is already extracted till it is not proven as legal ore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "16390785", "title": "Mein toh timtimata diya hoon: Virbhadra", "text": "SHIMLA: Not all issues about leadership in the Congress party here are settled if one was to consider an offhand remark made by former Union minister Virbhadra Singh . Asked who would be fielded as the party's star campaigner, he replied, \"Mein toh timtimatha diya hoon\" (I'm a flickering lamp).The veteran Congress leader was fielding questions from the media here on Thursday. To a question regarding regional imbalances in the party, something that Kaul Singh Thakur, who was unceremoniously removed as party president weeks before the state heads into elections, has been raising, he quipped, \"Where is the regional imbalance? I represent Mandi parliamentary seat and Kaul Singh is an MLA from an assembly segment in it.\"Regarding election issues, Virbhadra said that large scale land sale would be a prominent issue. When pointed out that the government had brought out documents showing involvement of one of his close relatives in possessing land beyond permissible limits and resorting to illegal sales of land, he said, \"Instead of making a political issue out of it, the government should take action under law against anyone found guilty of violating it.\"Targeting state Cabinet minister Ravinder Ravi and former minister Rajiv Bindal, he said that even senior BJP leader Shanta Kumar has been questioning the role of ministers. Asked about controversies surrounding the running of Vivekanand Trust Hospital at Palampur, which is headed by Shanta Kumar, the the former Union minister said that it would have to be studied. Taking a swipe at the Dhumal-led Cabinet, he said while the ministers are busy buying luxury cars for themselves, toads in the state are in bad shape and accidents with high causalities have become the order of the day.Not stopping at that, Virbhadra alleged that all new buses procured for the state transport services had been deployed in Sarkhaghat division, which is represented by transport minister Mohinder Singh. He went on to accuse the government of loosening the strings of an empty purse just before the elections and building up an enormous liability that the Congress will have to foot after winning the elections.In response to a scam in the steel ministry, the former Union minister said, \"It was not for the period when I was heading the ministry.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "16391150", "title": "PCMC to repair bad roads before Ganesh Chaturthi festival", "text": "PUNE: The civic officials of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC) have assured mayor Mohini Lande that roads that are in a bad condition and have developed potholes will be repaired before the Ganesh festival.Lande said that along with a few corporators, she had met municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi in this regard. She said to him that during the festive season, people go out in large numbers to different mandals to see the tableaux and decorations. They face problems due to the bad condition of roads.Meanwhile, Lande said that residents of Bhosari have been facing water supply problems for the past one month due to power failure and non-functional generators at the pumping station. She said the civic administration should ensure that generators at the pumping station are repaired quickly so that people get water supply even if there is a power failure.She also said that corporators have raised the issue of constructions in the no-development zone (red zone). The municipal commissioner has told the corporators that a meeting will have to be held with Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in this regard.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "16390098", "title": "Govt to make documentary films on Sri Babu, Anugrah Babu", "text": "PATNA: The information and public relations department (IPRD) with the help of historians and experts will make documentary films on Bihar Kesri Srikrishna Sinha and Bihar Vibhuti Anugrah Narayan Singh to make the new generation aware of their lives, works and sacrifices. The biography of these two personalities will also be included in the school syllabus. This was announced by CM Nitish Kumar on Thursday at the meeting of a committee constituted to look after the 125th birth anniversary of these leaders.The CM said a lot has been written about these two legendary figures but still there were some aspects of their lives which need to be highlighted. There is also need to compile and publish their speeches made in the state legislature which could be done by the state archives, he said and stressed on developing institutions named after these two personalities. The birth anniversary of Anugrah Narayan Singh is observed on June 18 while that of Srikrishna Sinha on October 21 and this year their 125th anniversary will be celebrated. In 2013, various programmes will be organised in their memory throughout the year.Tourism minister Sunil Kumar Pintu, art and culture minister Sukhda Pandey, state JD(U) and BJP presidents Vashisht Narayan Singh and Dr C P Thakur, both MPs, Vasudeo Prasad Singh and Kedar Padney, both MLCs, chief secretary A K Sinha and other senior bureaucrats were present at the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "16391417", "title": "MP sends Rs 5L cheque to cops", "text": "MUMBAI: MP Rajiv Chandrashekar on Wednesday handed over a cheque of Rs 5 lakh to Mumbai police's crime branch for arresting the two rioters who desecrated the Amar Jawan Jyoti memorial near Azad Maidan on August 11.Two persons were killed and 63 hurt when a mob protesting atrocities against Muslims in Myanmar and Assam went on the rampage outside Azad Maidan. The media had filmed two youths for vandalizing the Amar Jyoti Jawan. Chandrashekar had announced a reward for the arrest of the duo. The crime branch arrested Shahbaz Abdul Kadir Shaikh (20) from Mahim and Abdul Qadeer Ansari (19) from Sitamrhi in Bihar in August end.JCP (crime) Himanshu Roy confirmed that on Tuesday, they received the MP's cheque and an appreciation letter. \"As per service rules, we cannot accept the cheque and hence we will refer the matter to the government before accepting it,'' he said.Meanwhile, a youth seen brandishing a self-loading rifle he had snatched from cops during the August 11 violence filed a bail plea on Thursday. Salim Allarakha Choukiya alias Ali (23) said his name did not figure in the FIR. The matter will be heard on September 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "16391461", "title": "IIM-Ranchi distance edu prog from Jan", "text": "RANCHI: Indian Institute of Management (IIM) Ranchi on Sunday said that it will start its distance learning programme in January. The institute is currently installing video conferencing software which would allow students to interact with experts from their homes. Trial runs for the programme - which will include courses in marketing, finance , human resources among others - have already started.IIM-Ranchi director M J Xavier said: \"A studio has been set up at our institute to facilitate distance learning. We will issue notifications in this regard in January. He said the institute wants to install 'Blackboard Connect' - a software that allows mass notification service and is and is used extensively in the West for education - for the course to progress smoothly.An IIM-Ranchi official said the institute can accommodate more than 1,000 students in its distance learning programme. The course fee and the curriculum has not been decided yet, but is likely to be on a par with the institute's executive courses. Students will be given biometric cards or IDs to log into the software and interact with the teachers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "16389287", "title": "Sector 10 hospital cost Rs 17.5 cr", "text": "GURGAON: The recently inaugurated government hospital in Sector 10 was built at a whopping cost of Rs 17.5 crore, according to an RTI reply by HUDA.The cost, according to the RTI reply, had escalated from an estimate of Rs 9.5 crore in 2003 to Rs 17.5 crore three years later. HUDA had planned the project in the city to improve health facilities.HUDA had started the construction of the hospital in 2003 but the project missed its two-year deadline. In 2005, the estimated cost was %increased by around Rs 2 crore and then Rs 2.20 crore was allotted for the construction of staff quarters, the RTI reply said.The hospital was constructed but was not operational for several years. In the RTI reply, HUDA has admitted the delay in construction and escalation of construction cost. It was also revealed that a Delhi-based contractor was hired for the project. The hospital is now functioning but the authorities are not talking about the cost escalation of the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "16389320", "title": "Man gets 7 years jail for raping woman at knife-point", "text": "MARGAO: The additional sessions judge, Margao, Vijaya Pol, on Wednesday, sentenced Riyaz Shaikh, 25, a resident of Davorlim, to seven years rigourous imprisonment on charges of raping a woman at knife-point.The rapist was also ordered to pay a fine of 25,000 for rape and an additional 5,000 for criminal intimidation.On May 4, 2010, the accused approached the victim, who was waiting at a bus stop and offered to drop her home. As she knew the accused, the woman agreed to go with him. But instead of taking her home, the accused took the victim to an isolated place at Davorlim and raped her. The case was investigated by PSI Suraj Samant. Public Prosecutor Subhas Desai, who examined 12 witnesses, argued on behalf of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "16390340", "title": "In Kashmir, conspiracy theories find a market", "text": "SRINAGAR: Are films just glamorized prostitution? Is the best gift on Teacher's Day from a Muslim to a non-Muslim giving him the help to overcome the \"moral dirt in his natural environment\"? Was 9/11 attack an excuse to restart the Crusades? Or was it an attack by Freemasons using black magic to signify the destruction of the Kaaba and prepare grounds for the return of the anti-Christ to kill Muslims?Welcome to the world of English mainstream media in Kashmir. Starting from September 3 until September 11, readers of English dailies here have been offered a feast of bigotry and conspiracy theories.In the first week of September, one of Kashmir's premier news websites published an article by one of its reporters which soon went viral. Cinema, it said, was nothing but glamorized prostitution, a \"nanga naach\" where actors' roles promote adultery, nudity and worse.\"How does one define an actress who was caressed by an actor years later plays the role of a mother to the same actor? Isn't that incest?\" It would be funny if it weren't very serious.When Teacher's Day came two days later on September 5, one of Kashmir's largest English newspapers listed on its edit page the various challenges before a teacher today, foremost being the anti-Islam component of the curriculum. Then came unveiled female teachers. And the gateway to all evil: co-education, \"an evil that creates a mansion of evils like dancing, immodesty and sex scandals\".The author is generous towards non-Muslim students who, he says, should be protected from secularism because \"only Islam can provide them with the spiritual protection from the moral dirt they have acquired in their own environments\".This piece of advice so impressed the Delhi-educated owner of yet another English daily in Srinagar that it was republished two days later. Not to be left behind, two other newspapers squared up accounts on the anniversary of the 9/11 attacks. The piece on the edit page was pretty straightforward. Titled '9/11: A Muslim Tragedy', it first laid up the normal conspiracy theory that the American establishment itself was behind the attacks. Why? To re-launch the Crusades. \"The United States of America got the mother of all excuses to wage a war against Muslims. It was, in fact, a war of terror, a war on Islam and Muslims.\"Another English newspaper took to exposing the secret sect, the Illuminati (which features in Dan Brown's 'The Da Vinci Code') based on the \"Jewish black magic Kabala\". The author then educates readers on how number 11 is the number of Satan. From the date 9/11 to the flight number of the first aircraft to hit the north tower (Flight 11) to the fact that \"New York is the 11th city added to the Union\", the article works up a grand finale: \"The architect who planned the trade towers said he was deeply influenced by the architecture of the Kaaba, so 9/11 should act as a hint to all Muslims that they are planning to destruct (sic) the Muslim holy places\".These aren't the rants of anonymous bloggers nor the work of mad pamphleteers. These have been written by educated and respectable members of society, and published in the Valley's largest circulating newspapers, edited by respected journalists.And they aren't talking to deaf ears. A cross section of society in Kashmir believes a lot of these theories. From Arshad, a shopkeeper who believes that 9/11 was a CIA-Mossad joint operation, to the Kashmir University students who block music shows because they are \"haraam\"; from Hina, the housewife who believes that the Mumbai attacks were a handiwork of RAW to silence police officer Hemant Karkare, to the doctor who believes that al-Qaida is a CIA front.It's a strange cocktail of defensiveness and victimhood, where any story, no matter how outlandish, finds an audience if it helps deflect any soul searching. There are many in Kashmir who reject these theories, but only in private, leaving the stage to those who espouse them. So, in a couple of schools in Srinagar, male teachers and some students staged a walkout in a dance performance by 10-year-old girls. In the same Kashmir, where everyone is addicted to films, cinema halls haven't got a hope in hell of opening.The ones who don't believe in conspiracy theories are frightened into silence. They listen quietly when someone describes Lashkar supremo Hafiz Saeed as a social worker. They read their morning paper and shake their heads, making a mental note to pull their children out of Kashmir.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "16391395", "title": "Young diabetics city\u2019s bitter truth", "text": "LUDHIANA: The city is India's accident capital, and also leads its most-polluted brigade. Adding another notorious feather to Ludhiana's proverbial cap, doctors say the city might as well be the ringleader when it comes to the prevalence of Type II diabetes. Stress, junk food, obesity and hereditary risk-factors make way for Type II diabetes in the city, says Dr Gurpreet Singh of SPS Apollo Hospital. \"Roughly, 20% of Ludhianavis suffer from it. I consult 40-50 patients almost on a daily basis. Earlier, the disease mostly affected those above 40. But it's not uncommon to see those in their 20s suffering from it now,\" he shares. People underestimate the magnitude of the disease, feels Dr Naveen Mittal, a professor of endocrinology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital. \"Family history, stressful life, unhealthy eating habits, obesity and lack of exercise are the major culprits. The key is prevention, early intervention and treatment. There are very simple measures we can take to lower obesity, which in turn will reduce chances of Type II diabetes. A healthy diet needs to start very early in life.\" Warning about the growing trend of diabetes in kids, he says, \"One reason for this is the lack of playgrounds in the city. So children remain glued to computers, iPads and TV sets, leading to sedentary lifestyle.\" Experts say thirst and hunger, dry mouth, frequent urination, unexplained weight loss, fatigue, blurred vision, headaches, tingling in hands or feet and loss of consciousness are symptoms of Type II diabetes. Listing the treatment options, diabetologist Dr Geeti Puri Arora of Deep Hospital says, \"It includes traditional medication, alternative medicine and natural remedies. Regular exercise, healthy food, meditation or yoga are, however, the best ways to keep the disease under control.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "16389899", "title": "Elation in NITTTR staff over Somalian prez election", "text": "BHOPAL: There is a sense of excitement among the staff of the National Institute of Technical Teachers' Training and Research (NITTTR), the institute from where Hassan Sheikh Mahamud, the newly elected president of Somalia completed his M Tech. The faculty members who taught Mahmud remember him as a brilliant student with an inquisitive mind.Prof N K Banthiya, one of the teachers who during his M Tech Education course in 1988, said \"he was different from others.\"His approach and innovative ideas had put him in the category of talented student,\" Prof Banthiya, who is now posted in Jaipur, told TOI over phone.Mahamud completed M Tech on 'Teaching and learning resource packages on automobile'. He along with four other teachers came to India for pursuing the course.Head of the mechanical department in a private engineering college, Prof Banthiya said, \"Mahamud was a curious student. His questioning during the classes helped other students who hesitated in asking questions.\"The 56-year-old university lecturer, Hassan had garnered 190 votes against 79 won by former president Sheikh Sharif Sheikh Ahmed , held earlier this week. Somalia has not had an effective central government since 1991, when warlords overthrew former dictator Mohamed Siad Barre.\"I know it is tough for him to implement the policies in a country which has been facing civil wars for the past many years. However, Mahamud has the knack for facing such challenges,\" Prof Bathiya believed.Prof Banthiya thanked god after President Mahamud narrowly escaped during a suicide bomber attack in a hotel at Mogadishu, the capital of Somalia. Eight people died in the attack when Mohamud was holding a news conference on Wednesday.Wishing Mohamud good luck for his new and challenging assignment, Prof Banthiya said, \"If there comes an opportunity, I would definitely meet him.\" NITTTR director Prof Vijay Agarwal and other staff members extended good wishes to Mohamud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16390510", "title": "Tata JV says coal block allocated on merit", "text": "NEW DELHI: Strategic Energy Technology Systems Private Limited (SETSPL), a joint venture between a consortium of Tata companies and Sasol of South Africa, said on Thursday that it was allocated a coal block for its coal-to-liquids (CTL) project in a structured process based on predetermined criteria.The joint venture was not meted out any extraordinary treatment, the company said in a statement. It added that the eligibility criteria required companies to have minimum networth of Rs 4,000 crore, in view of the large capital investment. Since the technology is not available indigenously, applicants were also required to provide details of their collaborations/tie-up with proven technology providers.An inter ministerial Group (IMG) was set up by the government to examine the proposals, the company said. Applicants were invited to make presentations as per the prescribed guidelines before the IMG in September/October 2008. SETSPL was among the 22 applicants which made presentations. Sasol, the joint venture partner in SETSPL, has more than 50 years' experience in CTL and a well-proven technology. \"Based on the above stringent comparative evaluation, SETSPL was allocated North of Arkhapal and Srirampur coal block in the Talcher region of Odisha in February 2009. Though the block was allocated in February 2009, the prospecting licence (PL) order was issued by the government of Odisha only on March 15, 2012. The execution of the prospecting licence deed is still pending, without which exploration cannot proceed.\"The company said actual exploration is required to determine if the block has appropriate quantity and quality of coal reserves for the CTL project. If the block has insufficient reserves of appropriate quality for CTL, then the block will be returned to the government, the company said.\"With India importing 80% of its crude oil, posing increasing threat to energy security and ever increasing outflow of foreign exchange, the Coal Mines (Nationalisation) Act, 1973, was amended in July 2007 to include CTL industry as an end-user for allocation of captive coal blocks so that low-rank high-ash coal, abundantly found in India, can be converted to environmentally friendly liquid fuels. With CTL projects being highly capital-intensive, they are viable only with captive coal blocks allocated on nomination basis,\" the statement said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "16391007", "title": "30-year-old woman murdered by lover", "text": "BANGALORE: A 30-year-old woman was found murdered, apparently stabbed to death, by her lover for the past seven years, on Thursday morning.Anita, a resident of Byrasandra near Siddapur, was persuaded to come to Airavat Lodge near RV College of Engineering on Mysore Road by lodge employee Yogesh who has disappeared. The lodge is under renovation and Yogesh had taken the room without seeking the manager's permission, police said.\"A search is on to trace Yogesh, who confessed to the crime to some persons close to him,\" said SN Siddaramappa, DCP (West). He said Anita reached the lodge around 9.30am Thursday. After an argument, he reportedly stabbed her and escaped, he added.Anita was married to Manjunath of Byrasandra but they'd been living separately for the past seven years.Yogesh and Anita had an affair for the past six years. \"In the recent past, she had returned to her husband and this irked Yogesh who quarrelled with her and asked her to return. She objected to this. On Thursday morning, they quarrelled again on the same issue,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "dadri", "code": "16389183", "title": "1 dies in clash over eve-teasing at Dadri", "text": "DADRI: One person died and four others were injured, two critically with gunshot wounds, when an incident of eve-teasing sparked off clashes between two groups in Dadri of Gautam Budh Nagar late on Wednesday night. Police have deployed heavy security forces in the area and arrested three of the six accused even as tension continues to prevail following the incident.In the ensuing aftermath of the incident, the SP (Rural), Ashok Kumar , and the circle officer (Dadri) received minor injuries when angry residents jammed the GT road for several hours, pelted stones and clashed with the police on Thursday morning.Police said the incident took place around 4pm on Wednesday. \"Two neighbouring families, both residents of Brahmpuri in Dadri, had an ongoing dispute over eve-teasing since the last few days,\" said Ashok Kumar.\"On Monday, female members belonging to the family of Moolchand Sharma were allegedly teased by one Gagan belonging to a gujjar family. Moolchand then warned the youth to behave or face serious consequences. An argument then broke out between the two,\" said a police officer.\"Gagan again landed up at Moolchand's house on Wednesday and assaulted the family members,\" said Sudhir Tyagi, a neighbour of the Sharma family. The matter was then reported to the cops.Later, Gagan returned with his friends and opened fire. Moolchand's nephew Ravinder (21) died while four others were injured. Soon, a huge crowd gathered and jammed GT road alleging police inaction. Relatives of the victims also set on fire a vehicle belonging to the gujjar group.On Thursday, when police visited Gagan, a huge crowd gathered and started pelting stones on his house and demanded action from police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "16390556", "title": "Dalit youth burnt alive in Junagadh", "text": "RAJKOT: Tension mounted in Una town of Junagadh district on Thursday after a 27-year-old dalit youth was charred to death by a group of 12 people in Akolali, a village about 25 km from the coastal town.The attackers suspected that the youth, Lalji Sarvaiya, had eloped with a girl from their community. The girl had been missing since two days. They came to Lalji's house at around 8am and started asking for his whereabouts. They also threatened his father Kala Sarvaiya to hand over his son or face dire consequences.After heated arguments, some people barged into his house while others climbed onto the roof and started breaking it. \"Seeing him sleeping, the attackers closed the main door of the house and those on the roof poured some inflammable liquid on him and set him ablaze. They also tried to set the house on fire but escaped after the commotion,\" Dipanker Trivedi, SP, Junagadh, said. In his complaint, Lalji's father named Bhana Koli and 11 others as the killers. Trivedi said that eight of the 12 have been arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389151", "title": "Nizamuddin robbery: Gang leader arrested", "text": "NEW DELHI: Three days after an Agra-based businessman was lured with the offer of a free drop and robbed by three men, the gang leader has been arrested.Sunlight Colony police said Rajkumar is a resident of Mandawali in east Delhi and they are on the lookout for his two cohorts Rajesh Kumar and Akash.A police team led by SHO Sunil Kumar and sub inspector Ratan Singh used technical surveillance to nab the accused. The victim's mobile phone and Rs 5,000 cash was recovered from Rajkumar.Police said that the accused drove around in an Indica car and offered free drops to new arrivals at the Nizamuddin station before robbing them in secluded places near Akshardham or Millennium Depot.Sources said the businessman, Munnalal, had alighted from his train at Nizamuddin railway station. He wanted to go towards Mandawali and was walking towards the Sarai Kale Khan end of the station when the gang offered him a lift. Near Millennium Depot, the driver did not turn right towards Akshardham Temple but drove towards ITO.A suspicious Munnalal threw his bag full of money outside the car. However, the accused stopped the car and then robbed him on the road. They dropped him at ITO before fleeing towards east Delhi. Munnalal claimed he lost Rs 35,000 and two gold rings.\"We have identified the hideouts of Rajkumar's associates, and they will be arrested soon. We appeal to passengers to not accept such lifts and use public vehicles instead,'' said a police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "darjeeling", "code": "16390615", "title": "Museum for Gorkha war heroes", "text": "DARJEELING: With the advent of a new era in the Hills, effort is on in full swing to preserve the lost history of the region. On Thursday, the Gorkhaland Territorial Administration (GTA) took a step forward and laid the foundation stone for a Gorkha War Museum near Batasia Loop, 6km from Darjeeling town.\"The project is pegged at Rs 1.50 crore and we plan to begin work from tomorrow itself so that the museum can be set up within a year,\" said Saumitra Mohan, chief principal secretary to the GTA and the Darjeeling district magistrate.Earlier, it was planned that the museum would be set up next to the war memorial at Batasia Loop. But due to space constraint the museum could not be built there. The 2000 square feet land that will house the two-storey museum belongs to the land and land reforms department. While various artifacts associated with Gorkha soldiers, belonging to the Indian and British Army, will be on display on the first floor, the second and third floor will house a research centre and personnel souvenirs respectively. There will also be a lecture and cinema hall.Most of the artifacts, souvenirs and war collection will be provided to the museum by Hemant Pradhan, a local private collector. Pradhan, over the past forty years, has managed to collect over 200 medals associated with the Indian and British Army. His collection includes army souvenirs from 1890 till that of Kargil war, army uniforms and photographs dating back to World War I and II.The idea is to make people and tourists coming to the Hills aware of the rich history of the region. \"The Gorkhas have laid down their lives on several occasions to protect the country. But the people are yet to acknowledge their contribution. We want the museum to provide information about the Gorkha community and their contributions,\" said Binay Tamang, GTA executive member in charge of the information and cultural department. The GTA will also undertake the beautification of the area around the museum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "16390782", "title": "Clean up Howrah canals, orders HC", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta High Court on Thursday ordered Howrah Municipal Corporation and Eastern Railway to solve problems related to waterlogging in Howrah.The court gave the directive on a PIL filed by activist Subhas Datta in 2005. Coincidentally, when the order came on Thursday, large parts of Howrah were under water. In some areas, rainwater has been standing for days.The division bench of Justice Kalyanjyoti Sengupta and Justice Asim Kumar Mondal directed ER to clear Rani Jheel, where diesel and chemical waste are allegedly dumped from the Howrah station maintenance sheds. Rani Jheel is a storm water drain that ends up in the Hooghly. After Datta pointed out that nearly a third of the Jheel has been filled up due to dumping of waste, the court directed ER to stop throwing any more waste there.The court also directed the railways to remove the garbage from the Jheel and another canal, Poncha Khal, and restore them to their original state.Encroachments have to be removed to allow the free flow of water.Earlier, the court had appointed advocate Udayan Roy to inspect the Jheel. On Thursday, the court asked Roy to hold meetings with the all stakeholders to find a permanent solution. When Datta said that drainage in central and south Howrah was in a shambles, HMC counsel D Mukherjee objected to it and said that steps are already being taken to clear the blocked drains.tnnDatta alleged that there was 371 kilometers of open drain in the HMC area. There are also six kilometers of covered drains. The covered drains are a problem as this is where the blockages occur.Taking note of the allegation of lack of necessary infrastructure, the court directed HMC to start clearing the blocked drains immediately. For this, whatever measures are required, HMC may adopt, the court observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388916", "title": "Aarushi case: CBI refuses to question domestic help", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI on Thursday refused to examine a witness in the Aarushi-Hemraj murder case, claiming she had been influenced by the accused. Kalpana Mandal used to work as a help at Aarushi's residence but was away home in West Bengal at the time of the double murder. She had referred a woman named Bharti as a substitute help for the period of her absence.Although CBI brought Mandal, who now works at the house of Aarushi's maternal grandparents, to the Ghaziabad court hearing the case, it refused to examine her and filed an application stating: \"It has been learnt that prosecution witness Kalpana Mandal has been won over by the accused and is not going to support the prosecution case. Therefore, she is not to be examined.\"Defence lawyers also filed an application stating CBI was refusing to examine the witness for the \"sole and oblique purpose of defeating the right of the accused Nupur Talwar to seek bail\". On August 13, the Supreme Court had rejected Nupur's bail plea, and said she could influence 13 \"material personal witnesses.\" The SC had directed CBI to examine 13 material witnesses before September 17, the next date of hearing. Only seven witnesses have been examined so far.The defence alleged CBI was not producing Mandal with the intention of getting the September 17 hearing deferred.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "shillong", "code": "16390030", "title": "Khasi Students' Union 'influx' check gate demolished", "text": "SHILLONG: Meghalaya Police demolished a 'check gate' erected by the Khasi Students' Union (KSU) at Byrnihat, close to the Assam-Meghalaya boundary.There have been reports of KSU volunteers harassing people traversing the national highway at Mawryngkneng, close to the state capital. Several people were reported to have been 'detained' by the student body, which asked them to provide valid documents to prove the authenticity of their citizenship.The state government issued a stern warning to NGOs not to take law into their own hands on the issue of checking influx in the state. Chief secretary WMS Pariat said NGOs could only assist the administration in detecting illegal immigrants.Meanwhile, chief minister Mukul Sangma iterated that any attempt at checking infiltration into the state must be dealt with in a manner that is \"institutionalized\" while involving all stake holders in a \"more holistic manner\".\"The state urgently needs a system that is strong so that the menace is dealt with in a manner that is permanent by invoking suitable laws and empowering all stake holders,\" he emphasized.\"Traditional institutions can help in dealing with the issue to a great extent, especially in tracing people of questionable origin as they have direct knowledge on who resides where,\" the CM said.He referred to the two high-level committees that have recently been notified by the government to review the prevailing situation in the state and suggest a multi-pronged strategy and approach to deal with the issue.He also asked them to examine and outline the role of traditional institutions and their empowerment in dealing with the problem of influx and to recommend a comprehensive institutionalized mechanism as considered necessary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16389896", "title": "Centre mulls Metro in cities with over 2 million population", "text": "NEW DELHI: Union urban development minister Kamal Nath on Thursday said the Centre would support Metro rail projects for all cities that have a population of more than two million. On the occasion of foundation-stone laying ceremony of Kochi Metro he said the government has decided to support Detailed Project Report preparation of such cities.\"India is getting urbanized rapidly. India's urban population has increased from 285 million in 2001 to 400 million in 2011 and by 2030 is likely to reach over 600 million. The number of towns has increased from 5161 in 2001 to 7935 in 2011. Even at this relatively low level of urbanization (31%), India has the second largest urban population in the world,\" Nath said.He said Metro projects are already under implementation in Delhi, Kolkata, Mumbai, Bangalore, Chennai, Hyderabad and Jaipur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "16388814", "title": "Illegal sale of gutka continues", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite the ban on the sale of gutka in the capital, many traders continued to sell tobacco products on Thursday. While some claimed ignorance about the notification, others said they were just clearing the stock.\"Since I had bought gutkas in bulk, I have to clear the stock or I'll suffer a loss,\" said Rameshwar Singh, a paanwala at ITO. Singh added the number of customers have not been affected so far. Another shopkeeper at Lajpat Nagar had removed the gutka from display but readily handed them out to customers when asked. \"I don't know of any ban,\" he claimed.The ban on the sale, manufacture and transportation of gutkas and other tobacco products was announced on Monday and a notification was issued a day later. But the government is yet to start action against the violators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "16388688", "title": "17-year-old trainee nurse kidnapped, raped", "text": "NAGPUR: A trainee nurse was kidnapped and later raped on Wednesday night. However, even after 24 hours of the incident, MIDC police failed to make any arrests, although five persons have been booked.Shruti (name changed) was heading to her residence at Ward no 4 in Bhim Nagar when she was being whisked away.Shruti, an apprentice nurse at a private hospital, had got down from an autorickshaw and was heading home after meeting a friend when the incident took place. It was near the gate of Central Reserve Police Force (CRPF) gate that three of the accused - who has been so far identified as Dadya, Chandry alias Chingrya and Sagar - made her sit in the autorickshaw. They drove Shruti to Wanadongri where another man called Nazim was waiting for her. Shruti has made an attempt to clear the school board examination before joining the training of nurse. Her mother too is a ward attendant at a private hospital.Shruti, who stays with her mother in a hutment, was made to sit on Nazim's bike as a pillion before he drove her towards Jaitala. There, the duo was joined by Amit Ambade. Police said that it was Ambade who took her to a room and raped her. The girl was later dropped near the CRPF gate by Ambade. A dishevelled Shruti was spotted by CRPF jawans who informed her mother. Later, the mother and daughter duo reached MIDC police station to lodge a complaint.After registering an offence, police tried to pick up Ambade from his residence at Bhim Nagar but he remained untraceable. It is learnt that the culprits are mostly from Bhim Nagar slums. Ambade has couple of non-cognizable offences registered against him in the last couple of years at MIDC police station.Sources from MIDC police station stated that Shruti knew Ambade and the four others. However, police seem clueless as to why Shruti was targeted. Sources also said that Shruti was in a daze and was struggling to identify the room where Ambade had raped her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
{"city": "None", "code": "16394416", "title": "'Lootera' character completely unlike me: Ranveer Singh", "text": "It was hard for Ranveer Singh to metamorphose from his high-energy self to portray a broody and reserved character in Vikramaditya Motwane's period romance \"Lootera\" which he says is his toughest role so far.Inspired by O Henry's famous story ' The Last Leaf', \"Lootera\" is set in Bengal of 1950s. It is Motwane's second film after his much acclaimed \"Udaan\".Ranveer, 27, says he stopped watching TV, using mobile phone or computer to prepare for the movie but the real challenge came when he had to portray the character.\"I am full of high energy, very talkative and extrovert in real life but my character is very reserved in 'Lootera' . He is intense, almost brooding. I was just not able to crack this role during the workshop and felt frustrated. I asked Vikram why he picked me for this role, it was so unlike me,\" Ranveer told in an interview.The actor says despite his initial doubts, he managed to surprise himself by his acting thanks to his director's help.\"Vikram used to tell me that I have a side like this. He used to tell me, 'Trust the power of camera' and it really helped me a lot during the filming. This role was something that could have gone easily wrong for me,\" says Ranveer, who is paired opposite Sonkashi Sinha in the film.After making a successful debut as a street smart wedding planner in Yashraj Films' \"Band Baaja Baarat\", Ranveer went on to deliver another hit in \"Ladies Vs Ricky Behl\".Counted among one of most promising talents in Bollywood , the actor recently bagged Sanjay Leela Bhansali's \"Ram Leela \" opposite Deepika Padukone and Yashraj's next film \"Gunday\" with Arjun Kapoor.\" Lootera \", which will hit theatres in March next year, will be his third release. Ranveer reveals that Motwane offered him the role during their first meeting at an award function.\"I loved 'Udaan ' and when when I met him at Filmfare award function I told him that I would love to work with him and immediately without blinking for a second he said, 'I have something for you'.\"Next day we met over lunch and he handed me the complete bound script of 'Lootera' . I cried when I read the story. It is one of the best scripts I ever read and it has shaped up beautifully on the screen.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-09-14"}
