{"city": "malegaon", "code": "13952883", "title": "Malegaon General Hospital staff in spat with MLA", "text": "MALEGAON: Angered by the alleged rude behaviour of a local MLA and alleging a municipal councillor slapped one of their colleagues, doctors at the Malegaon General Hospital on Friday refused to work, demanding action. The councillor claimed negligence by the doctors had caused the death of a patient from his ward and the doctors were making baseless allegations against him.According to councillor Ejaz Umar, local MLA Mufti Mohd Ismael called hospital superintendent Dr R B Jadhav on Thursday and asked him to send an ambulance as Mohammed Yunus (50) was critically ill and needed urgent medical assistance. But Jadhav allegedly refused to send an ambulance and they had to take Yunus to the hospital by a private ambulance.\"At the hospital, we found doctors busy chatting. Despite repeated requests, nobody attended to the patient. They in fact said that all the patients brought here were serious.Finally, a lady doctor checked the patient, only to inform us that he was brought dead,\" Umar said.Dr Jadhav said as per government rules, he was not allowed to send ambulances in such cases. He also denied receiving any call from the local MLA. \"I did receive a call from someone. But it was not from the MLA,\" he said.He added that Yunus first came to the hospital on Thursday morning around 8am in a very bad condition, suffering from chronic asthma. He was given immediate medical assistance.\"But his relatives forcibly took him home against medical advice at 10.40am. They even gave an undertaking to that effectstating that they were taking the patient home on their own responsibility,\" he said, showing TOI the records. The relatives, however, said the patient was never taken to the hospital and accused the hospital of forging records. The spat soon went out of control. Hospital staff alleged that the relatives, accompanied by Ismael, abused them, and Umar slapped Dr Milind Pawar. The situation was brought under control by the police. An FIR under section 343, 323, 504 and 506 was registered in the City Police station against Ejaz Umar and the case is investigated by Police Sub-Inspector Raju More. But the doctors are refusing to join duty unless Ejaz Umar is arrested and immediate action is taken against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939316", "title": "Congress loses hope in Parkal bypolls", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Congress appears to have given up any semblance of fight in the Parkal bypolls.Convinced that it is not in a position to face either the YSR Congress (whose candidate Konda Surekha's resignation caused the bypoll), or TRS or BJP banking on the separate state sentiment, the ruling party's leadership has quietly left the campaigning to the local leaders. As a result, while the defeat of ruling party candidate S Samme Rao appears to be a foregone conclusion, even diehard Congressmen are unsure if he would be able to retain his deposit.Party insiders admit that the Congress has nothing to offer to the Telangana people in lieu of votes for its candidate in Parkal, the only constituency from the region going to the bypolls on June 12.Till date, no state leader of merit has set foot in Parkal to campaign for the Congress candidate. The attempt of chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy to do so on May 21 ended in a disaster after a huge tent at the election meeting got blown away due to stormy weather and a commotion forced the curtailment of the event.While star campaigner Chiranjeevi kept away apprehending a hostile electorate, the region's central minister S Jaipal Reddy was also not roped in by the party while in contrast, Union ministers D Purandeswari and Panabaka Lakshmi campaigned extensively for the Congress candidates in Andhra region. Even AICC general secretary Ghulam Nabi Azad, who spent three days campaigning in Rayalaseema and coastal Nellore, had no time to show up in Parkal town.According to the sources, the other leader who is not active in the elections is local MLC Rajalingam.As a result, the Parkal bypoll is likely to see a straight fight between the TRS and YSR Congress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13943027", "title": "Party workers aggrieved by bureaucracy: Chandrabhan", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress state president Chandrabhan on Friday said the party workers and its elected representatives had no grievances against the organisation but were aggrieved by the bureaucracy, which was part of the state government.He patted the party for having a better record of discipline than the BJP and rubbished incidents like the violence at the party's Bharatpur division function or at the Jaipur district function as exceptions.Chandrabhan was speaking to media on completing one year in the party office on Friday. The AICC had declared him the PCC president on June 8 last year. Chandrabhan described his one year in office as 'unsatisfactory'.\"We achieved a lot, like making the party active up to the grass-root level. The overall performance has been good but I am not satisfied with my work. I still have a lot many things to do,\" Chandrabhan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13953136", "title": "Going nowhere: Sad state of Nashik traffic", "text": "NASHIK: Lack of coordination between government agencies, encroachments, narrow roads, inadequate bus services, infrastructural work in progress, lack of signals and indiscipline among autorickshaw drivers, bikers and motorists have contributed to the traffic chaos.Deputy commissioner of police, Sunil Phulari (headquarters), who also runs the co-ordination, control and administrative supervision of the vehicular traffic of the city, has suggested a slew of measures to improve the traffic movement in the city for now as well as infrastructural development work for the Simhastha Kumbh Mela to be held in three years' time ( 2015).\"The traffic police department is a part of the traffic management system in the city and the municipal corporation, regional transport office (RTO), public works department (PWD) and the National Highway Authority of India (NHAI) play an important part in this. The police department, on the other hand, deals with only the enforcement of law, though the RTO has more powers in terms of enforcement and imparting awareness,\" said Phulari.Speaking about the chaotic situation on city roads, the DCP said that as of now, there are 9.50 lakh vehicles in the city, along with over a lakh vehicles entering the city from outside, as people visit Nashik for religious and educational purposes daily. Further, with two national and state highways like the Mumbai-Agra Highway, Nashik-Pune Highway, and major roads like the Peth Road, Saputara Road and Aurangabad Road passing through the city, which also has a strong industrial presence, the number of vehicles on all roads is roughly around two to about 2.5 lakh. This calls for major infrastructure related work in the city. Until this situation is improved, the traffic police department, which is already understaffed in proportion to the city's population and the number of vehicles, will always struggle to maintain the smooth flow of traffic.Public mass transport: Nashik city, which has a population of roughly 17 lakh, has 258 city buses providing their services throughout its breadth. With the lack of city buses, people have no other option than to opt for autorickshaws and other private vehicles, who not only charge commuters exorbitant fares but also rob them of a comfortable ride. Divisional controller of Maharashtra state road transport corporation (MSRTC), Nashik, Kailas Deshmukh, while admitting that additional buses are needed for the city, said, \"Considering the growth of the city, Nashik needs to have at least around 1,000 buses and three to four additional depots. Proposals in this regard have already been sent to the authorities in the past.\" Speaking about the rate at which the number of buses have been added in the city, Deshmukh said that in 1990, there were 180 buses in the city but by 2012, the number has only risen to 258, which means only 78 buses have been added in the span of 22 years.Traffic cops: Over the past few years, the population of the city has seen a tremendous growth. Newer residential areas are developing in different corners and directions of the city and the flow of vehicular traffic from different roads has also been tremendous. Phulari said, \"As of today, considering the number of vehicles in the city and the cops in the traffic department, there is one cop for every 5,000 vehicles. The huge difference in the vehicle-police ratio has led to indiscipline among motorists. Nonetheless, to manage the traffic flow properly, the traffic department has been divided into four divisions. Apart from the lack of cops, the department is also in need of cranes, tempos, two-wheelers and four-wheelers of its own for proper enforcement of the law.\"Autorickshaws: Autorickshaws drivers top the list of indisciplined motorists in the city. As of now, there are 11,000 rickshaws with proper permits operating in the city and another 11,000 rickshaws in the rural areas. Phulari notes that even when there are 11,000 autorickshaws in the city, the number of stands available for autos is not more than 250, which means only 2,500 rickshaws can be accommodated. Ultimately, the remaining 8,500 rickshaws are either on the roads or parked at illegal spots in the city, which hampers the movement of vehicular traffic. It is up to the NMC to ensure that rickshaw drivers are given proper stands so that some discipline can be seen on the roads.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13948126", "title": "Deputy commissioner withdraws construction order in Bababudan hills", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: With pressure mounting from environment groups and a report from the mines and geology department,deputy commissioner D K Rangaswamy withdrew the order issued to conversion of agriculture land to construct a huge resort in the foothills of Bababudan ranges.It may be noted that more than 12 applications have been filed in the DC's office by various groups to construct resorts in their coffee estates. The move was opposed by green groups citing that construction of resorts in Bababudan hill ranges, which is part of Western Ghat and an eco sensitive area, will be detrimental to the flora and fauna of unique shola forests in hill slopes.During their observation, even the mines and geology department said the construction activity in the hills will increase soil erosion. The forest department also felt the permission to build resorts will increase human-animal conflicts as movements animals will be restricted by more number of people and vehicular traffic.As the first step, The DC has cancelled the land conversion permission granted to ' Setori eco-adventure resort group. In his order, Rangaswamy said increased human activity will spoil and harm the atmosphere of the hill ranges and natural streams and also reduce the amount of water which flows to river Bhadra. The shola forests, which are a unique feature in the Ghats act as carbon sinks and also water filters will be disturbed.Welcome moveWild Cat-C and Bhadra conservation guild chiefs Sridev Hulikere, D V Girish and Veeresh have welcomed the decision of the DC. Rangaswamy said their decision to cancel the permission for land conversion was a great step in saving the Western Ghats. \"Eco-sensitive zones should be preserved in its natural style and there should not be any huge constructions,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940842", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation house passes budget", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation general body on Friday passed the budget presented by the chairman of standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari with the opposition dubbing it fictitious and ruling group hailing it as one with socio-economic vision.In the marathon discussion held on the budget at Town Hall, Mahal, over 40 corporators participated. It started at 11.30 am and ended at 10 pm. But many ended up raising various issues pertaining to their wards instead of talking on budget. Some who criticized the proposed increase in taxes couldn't tell from where the money for what they were demanding would come from. Eventually, the budget got the nod from the House. Even some corporators from Congress and NCP praised Tiwari's budget.Leader of opposition group Vikas Thakre said Tiwari had failed to find solutions to problems of city and had no roadmap for increasing revenue. \"Citizens are facing problems like improper city bus service, contaminated and scarce water supply, bad roads etc. but the budget has no solutions. Instead many schemes are proposed and they seem to be distant dream. The municipal commissioner would find it difficult to find a way for implement this budget. The schemes seem to be just for private players. Instead of proposing glamorous projects like London Street, the ruling party should think of affordable housing for the poor. Otherwise, the available land will also go under encroachments. The proposal to give laptops/iPad to corporators is also sending wrong signal to the citizens. It should be dropped. We are not here to get facilities but to provide services to the common man,\" he said.Leader of ruling party Praveen Datke praised the budget. \"Ready-reckoner based property tax has been proposed according to the new bylaws of the state government. We assure that the tax will not be beyond twice present level. New projects and schemes like construction of marriage halls, indoor stadiums, new revenue sources in Octroi, schemes related to women and child welfare are highlights of the budget. Many developmental projects have been proposed for Muslim community too. Therefore, I request the general body to give full marks to the budget and pass it unanimously,\" he said.Former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi said that there should be a slab system in ready-reckoner based property tax to save the properties assessed recently from high tax. The proposed sewage charge of Rs 1,000 should be reduced to some extent. Tiwari has touched all crucial points,\" he said.Slamming the budget as anti-dalit, NCP corporator Prakash Gajbhiye said that it failed to accommodate the expectations of the slum-dwellers and backward class. \"Citizens require basic services and not swanky projects. Citizens may not go to swanky malls if they do not have shelter and bread,\" he said.Surprisingly just one corporator Dr Prashant Chopra demanded reduction in octroi on petrol and diesel thus proving that the corporators were more worried about NMC's revenue and not about burden on citizens.Tiwari, who sat through the entire discussion, assured to consider the suggestions given by the corporators. Municipal commissioner Sanjeev Jaiswal too noted the issues raised by the corporators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955418", "title": "Special twist in B'wood Kahaani", "text": "His Bollywood kahaani is far from drawing to a close. After winning hearts as the admirable cop in Sujoy Ghosh's hit flick, Kharaj Mukherjee recently shot for Neeraj Pandey's Special 36 that stars Akshay Kumar and Anupam Kher.About his bit role, the actor says, \"I play an income tax officer who raids a shop in Burrabazar. Initially, the unit had thought of shooting the scene in Kolkata, but because of time constraints, we had to shoot in Delhi,\" says Kharaj from Hyderabad.The actor is happy with Bengali actors' big outing in Bollywood. \"There was a temporary lull, but once again Bengali actors are much in demand in Bollywood,\" he adds with a smile. Here's hoping the hit machine continues!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13954689", "title": "Tamil actor-politician Karthik hospitalised", "text": "CHENNAI: Actor-turned-politician Karthik was admitted to Apollo Hospitals on Greams Road, Chennai on Friday.Sources said Karthik suffered severe throat pain.The 52-year-old actor will undergo scan and other tests on Saturday. Doctors said his vital parameters are normal.Karthik, son of veteran actor Muthuraman, entered politics in 2006 to become the Tamil Nadu state secretary of Forward Block party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13939977", "title": "Youth murdered in barber shop", "text": "NAGPUR: A youth was stabbed to death in a barber shop at Shanti Nagar, under the jurisdiction of Lakadganj police station, on Friday night. The deceased, Dilip Ingole, in his 20s, was killed by Mohammad Imtihar and Soni.According to the police, Ingole, who used to work as a servant at a snacks outlet at Itwari railway station, was caught in the cross fire of a fight between his employer and Imtihar who owned the barber shop. In the brawl, Ingole was stabbed to death in full public view.Police said that Ingole was also consuming liquor with Imtihar and some common friends near the shop when an argument broke out. It escalated into a fight and murder.The Lakadganj police has arrested both the accused and registered a case of murder. Ingole's body has been shifted to Mayo hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943924", "title": "JPC split over calling Raja, meeting put off", "text": "NEW DELHI: A potentially contentious meeting of the joint parliamentary committee on telecom slated for June 12 \u2014 supposed to consider BJP leader Yashwant Sinha's demand that former and serving PMO top guns as well as former telecom ministers A Raja and Dayanidhi Maran be examined \u2014 has been put off.The discussion was likely to have seen sparks fly as JPC chairman P C Chacko is keen to prune the list of examinees to a few witnesses like CBI director A P Singh, finance secretary R S Gujral, attorney general Goolam Vahanavati and former telecom secretary Sidhartha Behura.On the other hand, Sinha wants principal secretary to PM Pulok Chatterjee and his predecessor T K A Nair to be summoned as witnesses, besides several others like Raja and telecom and finance officials who held crucial posts.The move to reschedule the June 12 meeting seems to be the result of Chacko suggesting after the previous meeting on Tuesday that he would like to restrict the list of witnesses and get on with writing the draft report. The statement has seen Opposition members protest that such a decision could not be taken without discussion in the committee.Opposition members are learnt to have protested the decision to put off the meeting, saying proceedings should not be subject to personal engagements. Congress members have been countering the move to summon Raja and Maran by saying that political witnesses will then have to include leader of Opposition Sushma Swaraj, and Jagmohan and Arun Shourie, who held the portfolio in the NDA government. Former Vajpayee aide Brajesh Mishra is also part of the Congress list.Calling Behura as a witness is bound to strengthen the case to examine Raja. Both Raja and Behura were in jail as 2G scam accused and got bail after all others arraigned in the case as the courts felt they were central to the alleged conspiracy to manipulate and under price 2G licences in 2008.Chacko is believed to be unconvinced over calling Raja, who has written to the committee stating he wants to present evidence he feels the panel ought to consider. Raja's party, the DMK, wants him to be called although the Congress may have cause to be concerned as the former minister has repeatedly claimed he had kept PMO in the loop over 2G decisions.Summoning Raja will also inevitably lead to demands that other former telecom ministers be called as witnesses as well. Adding political witnesses will prolong the committee's business, something Chacko is keen to avoid as he feels relevant evidence has already been covered.The political faultlines in the committee have been evident right from the start with the ruling coalition members keen to examine the NDA record and also counter the argument that the 2G scam could be laid solely at the doorstep of Raja without looking at the role of PMO and P Chidambaram's tenure as the finance minister.This divide is certain to surface whenever the committee discusses witnesses to be called as both BJP and Left members are expected to insist that PMO officials like Chatterjee and Nair were critical to establishing what action was taken when Raja rejected Manmohan Singh's suggestion that auctions be considered to allot 2G spectrum.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13952152", "title": "Nashik Municipal Corporation fails at keeping Nashik ready for rains", "text": "NASHIK: The rains have already started in Nashik but pre-monsoon works to be undertaken by the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) are yet to begin.The city has a total of 80 nullahswhich run for a stretch of 120 kms. with the total number of nullahs being around 80.But none of them have been cleaned of plastic and other garbage, which results in water logging during the rainy season.In a review meeting of all departments of the (NMC), conducted by municipal commissioner Sanjay Khandare on Thursday, it was decided that pre-monsoon works would be started at the earliest.A day after the municipal commissioner took a review meeting the city witnessed moderate rains.Khandare informed that the review meeting was taken with regards to the works that need to be done on priority basis. \"We have identified problem areas and our people will start taking action at the ward level. The work will begin very soon,\" Khandare assured.City engineer Sunil Khune said that because of the code of conduct for the teachers constituency MLC polls, tenders could not be issued forassigning pre-monsoon work to contractors. Corporators had therefore suggested that do avoid issuing contracts, NMC employees do the work themselves\"We don't have enough manpower for doing all pre-monsoon work. At least 1000 people would be needed to carry out tasks throughout the city. Now that we have the permission to get the work done, we will be presenting the proposal before all the divisional committees on Monday or Tuesday to seek approval for contract,\" said Khune.Headded that the problem areas were New Nashik (CIDCO) where there were many open nullahs. \"The area is densely populated and the nullahs are close to the houses or inside the colonies. In addition people throw lot of garbage here. The old city is another problematic area where attention needs to be paid because it is very congested and close to the river,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943819", "title": "5 Maharashtra ministers may be axed", "text": "MUMBAI: With the Congress high command dropping hints of a cabinet reshuffle in the near future, it is time for ministers in the party to pass through the litmus test.The party leadership, both at the state and the central level, has carried out a performance assessment of the ministers, party sources have indicated.The 'accountability' exercise was based on three counts- performance as a minister, as a party leader in a poll and strength imparted to the party, sources said.Following this performance rating exercise, five ministers, including two senior ministers, are under the scanner and are facing the prospect of being dropped from the cabinet during the next reshuffle.Sources said that the party leadership had hinted that the reshuffle could come following the presidential polls in July or early August. \"The leadership is in favour of a reshuffle. It is now for CM Prithviraj Chavan to suggest the extent of the expansion. While three berths in the cabinet from the Congress quota remain vacant, it is now clear that the rejig won't just be an expansion,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940533", "title": "Agitating medical teachers to help with PG practical exams", "text": "NAGPUR: Medical teachers from all 14 government-run medical colleges in the state, who had boycott all exam duties, have withdrawn the boycott partially. They have decided to help conduct the practical examinations for the post graduate section, while still continuing to shun all the duties of the under graduate section.Maharashtra State Medical Teachers' Association (MSMTA) had declared a boycott of all exam duties to demand the fulfillment of several of their long-pending demands. As a result, the practical exams were rescheduled by the Maharashtra University of Health Sciences (MUHS). Maharashtra Association of Resident Doctors (MARD) had also requested MSMTA to reconsider their decision as any delay in their exams and declaration of their results would have meant disqualification from entrance exams for courses like DM, MCh and DNB.\"In December last year, we were on a chain hunger strike after which we were assured that our demands would be fulfilled in a month. Despite giving up the exam duties six months later, the government is still to do anything about the demands,\" complained Dr Samir Golawar, general secretary of MSMTA from GMCH and vice president of central MSMTA. \"How can the government be apathetic towards the teachers,\" he asked while justifying their boycott decision.\"We wanted to ensure that the students also pay for the government's apathy. Officials of MUHS also requested us to consider taking the practical exams soon. So we relented and now all practical examinations will be over by June 12,\" said Dr Pradeep Dixit, president of GMC's MSMTA chapter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13952291", "title": "A monsoon of worries for Lakshadweep islanders", "text": "KOCHI: With MV Kavaratti, the largest passenger ship operating between Kochi and Lakshadweep, docking for annual maintenance, hundreds of islanders who depend on the main land for their health care needs and schooling are in for a tough time.Smaller ships, from both Kochi and Beypore, are not permitted to operate during the monsoon season. And hence, MV Kavaratti, which has a 700-passenger capacity, being docked would mean putting the islanders into a lot of difficulty. It was docked for maintenance two weeks ago and it may be another month before the work is completed.Last year also the ship was docked for maintenance during the monsoon. Now only big ships like MV Bharatseema (380-passenger capacity), and MV Arabian Sea and MV Lakshadweep Sea (250 passengers each) are operating to and from the island. Haja Hussain, a resident of Kiltan Island whose two children are studying in Kerala, said, \"MV Kavaratti is the most suitable ship for monsoon operations. But docking it at this time of the year has been causing a lot of inconvenience to the islanders, especially the student community.Islanders are also of the opinion that tourists should be provided separate vessels to visit the island as that would enable the passenger vessels to carry only residents. They also alleged that the officials concerned were blocking a certain number of tickets in all ships for tourists even though the Lakshadweep Administration had barred them from doing so. However, Lakshadweep Development Corporation officials here claimed that MV Kavaratti was predominantly meant for tourists and that it had been docked for maintenance as the number of tourists to the islands was low during the monsoon season.Haja Hussain, in the meanwhile, said the prevailing chaos was mainly because the same ship had been operating to all the islands during a single trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13945601", "title": "Ahead of Indo-Pak talks, Antony\u2019s caution on Siachen breakthrough", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ahead of the Indo-Pak defence secretary-level talks next week, defence minister A K Antony on Friday stressed that there should be no expectations of a 'dramatic breakthrough' in the long-standing Siachen Glacier-Saltoro Ridge dispute.\"We have a clear-cut position. Our defence secretary will explain our stand to Pakistan. Don't expect dramatic decisions or announcements on the issue, which is very, very important for us, especially in the context of national security,'' said Antony.His comment comes a day after the Cabinet Committee on Security cleared the 'brief' for the 13th round of the defence secretary-level talks to be held with Pakistan on June 11 and 12.India will insist on Pakistan first agreeing to the three sequential \"pre-requisites'' of authentication, delineation and demarcation of the respective troop positions on the Saltoro Ridge along the 110-km long Actual Ground Position Line (AGPL). Any plan to disengage or demilitarize the glacial heights will be considered by India only after that, as earlier reported by TOI.Defence secretary Shashikant Sharma will be leading the delegation. Pakistani ambassador Shahid Malik also met Sharma on Thursday before the delegation leaves for Pakistan on Sunday. With India holding most of the dominating posts on the Saltoro Ridge, and not bleeding as earlier due to better infrastructure, it wants foolproof plans to ensure Pakistani troops do not occupy the heights if they are vacated by its soldiers. If Indian soldiers are not present on the Saltoro Ridge, the highest watershed in the area, it's feared the Pakistani and Chinese armies could link up to bring the Karakoram Pass under their control and threaten the Ladakh region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13946796", "title": "Government schools in Bijapur are yet to get uniforms", "text": "BIJAPUR: Students of government schools in Bijapur district haven't received uniforms though schools opened nine days ago. According to DDPI BN Hakim, \"Yes, school uniforms haven't yet been supplied. The government placed an order with KHDC for supply of uniforms. But due to some problem, they haven't been supplied. Within a week, they'll be distributed to all children throughout the district.\"In this situation, students of the district are forced to wear last year's uniforms. But, in Bijapur city, the Government Primary Boys School No 6 in Ibrahimpur locality is an exception. For the past 15 years, this school's children don't wear uniforms supplied by the government. School authorities decide what the children should wear. The headmaster RA Kulkarni told TOI, \"Our school has nearly 340 children. All of them wear chocolate-coloured trousers and white shirts. This dress code is fixed by the authorities. The uniform supplied by the state government is used by our students once a week.\"Kannada Boys School No. 12 teacher R K Surpur told TOI, \"The school uniform supply has been delayed by the government. We've told students they can wear last year's uniforms. In some exceptional cases, we've given permission to wear their regular clothes for the time being.\" Kannada Boys School headmistress Dhali said: \"The government supplies cloth and students stitch them as per their size. Given the delay in supply, we've given kids permission to wear any clothes.\"According to DDPI Hakim, \"Nearly 85% of primary schools received textbooks in time, but some titles of books of Class 5 have been delayed due to transit problem. The total demand for textbooks was 19,45,853, as compared to 16,43,475 books supplied to the district. Of that, 13,70,976 books were distributed to schools.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13959625", "title": "IPL girls go cheerless, remain unpaid", "text": "Despite the IPL hoopla having come to an end, the Russian cheer girls of Team Chennai allege that they have not yet been given their payments.The seamier side of IPL has emerged once again with the Russian cheer girls attached to Chennai Super Kings team alleging that they haven't been paid their dues for the IPL 5 assignment.However, their hiring company- Mansion House- clarified that they paid up the full amount to the consultant, who's responsible for disbursing the amount. The deal was settled at Rs 70,000 for 16 matches (per girl), and in case the team reached playoffs and finals, an additional amount of Rs 5,000 would have to be paid for every match.Six girls- Olya, Tanya, Alena, Olga, Julia, Elina- from St Petersburg and Moscow were roped in for the tournament deal with a promise of good payment, per girl. But even though the tournament ended more than a week ago, the girls are yet to be given their full and final settlement.According to Olga, \"The manager (Gideon Ghorpade alias Sham) was to make a full payment after the final match. But when we were taking lunch, he ran away saying 'I will see you at the airport'. And after that there has been no word from him. Though we made several calls, he never answered.\" According to Olga the outstanding amount due to her is Rs 12,500. Another cheer girl Tanya said, \"I called him several times but in vain. We are yet to receive our match money. He needs to pay me Rs 12,000.\" The girls are now planning to initiate legal and criminal complaint soon.A senior employee of the consultancy, which handled the liaisoning, coordination and logistics for the cheer girls project, while requesting anonymity, said, \"It was not in our notice. We are not involved directly in the process. Yet, if this has happened, we will ensure the payments are released.\" The consultancy works on behalf of Mansion House, which commissioned the responsibility to agents. The representative said, \"The point person in this connection is Sham, as they don't have direct alliance with the girls.\"Alena from Moscow, who will soon be travelling to Nepal said, \"We were assured that the money will be given on time after every match. But the manager used to pay us after two and sometime three matches. After the calculations and advance deductions, I have figured out that he owes me Rs 9,500.\" It was Alena's first working experience in India.According to Olya, Sham is yet to pay three girls for three matches. \"Also, we submitted some food bills which need to be cleared by him,\" she said. Despite repeated attempts and SMS, Chennai Super Kings owner Gurunath Meiyappan did not respond.Manager speaks Sham said, \"There's some confusion. I did not run away anywhere and I am committed to pay them. There has been some unpaid money, which will be given to them in some days.\" On the girl's accusations, he said, \"We are in the middle of calculations like deductions, advance paid etc and once its done we will release the amount.\" He added, \"If it's about running away or cheating, why did I not abandon them in Dharamsala? Thereafter I even sent them to Chennai. In fact, we never created fuss about their food bills, which used to be so high. I ensured them early payments.\"IPL commissioner speaks Rajiv Shukla said, \"We have nothing to do with it. We have not received any complaint so far. And moreover the cheer girls part is no more handled by the IPL and is taken care by the franchisee directly. We will see what we can do after receiving the complaint.\"Mansion House, officials cheers partner for CSK, says ... The CMD of the company, Amit Dahanukar said, \"We have made all necessary payments. Still if this has happened, it's not done. I will get the matter checked and will take stern action as it's about the credibility of our company. We will ensure the payments are made to the girls and such incidents are not repeated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13947780", "title": "Cops clueless about two Maina poachers", "text": "Margao: A day after 44 Indian bull frogs were rescued at Maina, the forest department officials and the Maina Curtorim police are yet to make any headway regarding the two accused.It maybe recalled that on Friday, the Maina Curtorim police along with the forest department rescued 44 live Indian Bull frogs while the bodies of 30 frogs had been cut. The two accused, Anceto Menezes and Herculean Rebello, fled from the site, while Guilhermina Mascarenhas was caught and later released on a surety bond. The offence took place behind the Rebello's residence and his bike, as well as Menezes' bike, were attached by police, who are carrying out further investigations.Range Forest Officer from Aquem, Jose Colaco, who conducted the interrogation of Mascarenhas, stated that the hearing of the case would be held on Monday by the deputy conservator of Forests (DCF). \"On Friday night, we went to Maina and inspected the site and got some leads. We have the statement of Mascarenhas and as she has agreed to the crime, and she has been told to report on Monday where she will be placed before the DCF who will decide the fine amount, as well as any other action, accordingly,\" said Colaco, speaking to TOI on Saturday.\"Somethings can be deduced from the obvious, if it was for consumption or for outside use,\" said deputy conservator of forests, south Goa division, M K Shambu who will conduct the hearing. \"The investigations are underway and after it's completed, we will come to know why they were cut and the other details,\" added Shambu.The Maina Curtorim police has stated that the case has been handed over to the forest department but that they would be maintaining a tight vigil. Activists who had gathered at the site demanded that the accused be bought to book and convicted. \"We want this to serve as a warning to other frog poachers so that they know that the officials are very strict and they will get arrested,\" said Clinton Vaz, who was at the site.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944320", "title": "2 killed while crossing tracks", "text": "MUMBAI: Two persons were killed while crossing railway tracks on the Western line.In the first case, a man was knocked down by a Churchgate-bound local near Mahim station on Thursday night. The man, believed to be in his thirties, failed to notice the approaching train. The train's motorman reported the incident which occurred at 11.35pm. The Government Railway Police (GRP) said the deceased was in a brown t-shirt and a pair of shorts, but no identification was found on him.In an incident on Wednesday night, a woman, also in her thirties, was knocked down by a Churchgate-bound local while trying to cross the tracks near Mahalaxmi station at 8.30pm.Nobody has claimed the bodies of both victims, which were sent to Nair hospital's post-mortem centre. Two cases of accidental death were registered by the Mumbai Central GRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13947447", "title": "Woman held for hubby's murder", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police have arrested the wife of a government employee who was found dead in the Fatah forest on May 21, and two others from a house located near the Pelawal police station.Police identified the three as Sushila Devi, Md Wasir and Md Shumsher. They suspected that Sushila had an illicit relationship with one of her accomplices. Sushila's husband, Prem Kumar Ravi, worked as a stenographer at the deputy labour commissioner's office.\"We arrested the three from a house located behind the Pelawal police station on Thursday\" SP Pankaj Kamboj said. The three were traced on the basis of Ravi's cell phone records.\"The three have confessed to their crime,\" Kamboj said. On Friday, a local court sent the trio to judicial custody. Wasir and Shumsher worked as drivers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13954767", "title": "Brother of chief minister's close aide admitted in hospital", "text": "CHENNAI: Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's close aide Sasikala's brother Divakaran was admitted in Apollo Hospital on Greams Road on Friday night.Sources said, Divakaran complained of chest pain and he was taken to the hospital.Divakaran is running a business and he will undergo cardiac check up today.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940035", "title": "UP board class X results: Jubilation in air after declaration", "text": "KANPUR: The excitement was in the air soon after the declaration of the UP board Class X results. The overjoyous students who managed to score about 90% celebrated their victory with their parents at home and teachers at school.Mukul Yadav, the city topper of Chitra Inter College, Naubasta, had tears in his eyes when he came to know about the result. This meritorious lad scored 93.83% and made his parents and school proud. His mother Suman Yadav could not believe that her son that done so well. She could not stop thanking Mukul's teachers for his achievement.Mukul said that he aspires to become an IAS officer. He said that he had never thought of bagging this achievement and added that he owes his success to his parents and teachers. Mukul mentioned that the hardwork is the only key to success and he used to do self study for nearly eight apart from attending classes in school.\"When I used to get tired due to studying, I preferred taking rest. Sometimes I used to watch TV to relax. But the success mantra is to study regularly,\" he said with a shine in his eyes. Mukul likes playing and watching cricket.His father Netram Yadav, who is principal of Nehru Children Secondary School in Dada Nagar was all praise for his laborious son.Mahendra Singh Parihar of Chitra Inter College, Naubasta and Antra Mishra of Mount Carmel School, Geeta Nagar who tied the spot for being the second city topper were extremely overjoyous. The two meritorious students had scored 93.5% and made the parents and other family members proud.Mahendra told TOI that he had expected his marks to be around 90% but had not thought of getting 93.5%, making him the second city topper.Son of a head constable in police, Ram Avtar Singh Parihar and Kunti Singh, a housewife, Mahendra used to study for five to six hours a day at home. The meritorious student attributed his success to his elder brother Virendra Singh Parihar, who used to teach him as and when required. Virendra is pursuing BSc from Kanpur University.\"I used to do my recreation by watching TV. Hard work is key to success and therefore, I always preferred studying than doing anything else. I would now opt for mathematics as subject in class XI,\" said Mahendra. The meritorious student aspires to be an IAS officer after completing BSc from Kanpur University. When asked about his success mantra, Mahendra said that whenever he studied, he did it with full concentration.Antra Mishra, who also scored 93.5% will opt for mathematics subject in Class XI.She would seek admission in IIT for pursuing BTech and MTech courses. Thereafter, she would try her luck in civil services examinations. Daughter of Ajay Mishra, a businessman and Anju Mishra, a housewife, Antra used to study for 7 to 8 hours. When asked about her role model, Antra said that her role models are her parents, who have always supported her.Ruchi Rathore and Rashmi Gautam of Shivaji Inter College, Barra, came out successful with flying colours. Both of them secured a decent 93.33% marks and tied for the third position in the city.Ruchi said that she attributes her success to her parents and teachers who made her go ahead on the path of hard work and determination. The bright girl now wishes to opt mathematics in class XI and later wats to become an IAS officer. Ruchi said that she has studied for five hours daily after coming from school and coaching classes. On Sundays, Ruchi used to relax so as to recharge herself for the next week. Rashmi Gautam, accompanied by her sister Priya, were an extremely excited lot.Priya had also secured 90.33% marks in High School. The two sisters always had a competition of bringing highest marks in the class and this time Rashmi scored more marks than Priya.Still the two sisters were happy for each other and made their mother Neelam proud of them. Daughters of Shyam Sunder, a railway driver, Rashmi and Priya also banked upon their strength of studying hard for which they used to do preparations with full dedication. The two sisters said that they have scored marks over and above their expectations but it was a nice feeling to be among the list of the city toppers.Both the girls want to be IAS officers. They used to watch TV to relax after long spell of studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13940913", "title": "Encroachments evicted by Madurai corporation", "text": "MADURAI: City corporation officials evicted nearly 500 encroachments in the busy streets of Madurai city on Friday.East Marret Street, East Masi Street, Vilakuthoon and South Masi street in the city buzz with various commercial establishments like onion godowns and lorry booking offices. Over a period of time, the encroachments by commercial establishments have become so intense blocking the entire foot path and thus leading to severe traffic congestion in the city.During the road safety review meeting held at the district collectorate recently, district collector, Anshul Mishra and city police commissioner, Sanjay Mathur suggested the encroachments to be evicted and instructed the corporation to carry out an eviction drive.Based on instructions from the collector, mayor V V Rajan Chellappa and corporation commissioner, R Nandagopal ordered the officials to carry out the eviction in these streets. On Friday morning, around 50 corporation staff headed by chief town planning officer, M Rakkappan and assistant commissioner, Arumuga Nayanar carried out eviction amidst heavy police security. They also seized the temporary tents and onions bags heaped on the streets.Corporation officials said that after repeated complaints from the public as well as instructions from the collector, the eviction was carried out in four important streets of Madurai. Fearing opposition from the encroachers, the eviction drive was carried out amidst tight police security, they said. Public who suffered heavy traffic congestion for a long period welcomed the move of corporation. \"The eviction drive should have been carried out long back but such measure was not taken for long time due to local politicians' pressure,\" a resident of East Masi street said.Corporation commissioner, R Nandagopal inspected the eviction drive. He warned that the encroachment eviction will continue in the city limits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942654", "title": "BJP's first woman MLA enters cabinet", "text": "PANAJI: Alina Saldanha, the first Bharatiya Janata Party woman MLA in the state was sworn in as minister in the cabinet headed by chief minister Manohar Parrikar .Governor Bharat Vir Wanchoo administered the oath of office and secrecy to Alina at a simple ceremony at Raj Bhavan on Friday. She was recently elected unopposed from Cortalim constituency as a BJP candidate. Alina took oath in Konkani. This is the second expansion made by the Parrikar government in last three months.After the ceremony, the chief minister said \"Portfolio to Alina would be allotted on Monday after consulting her.\"Parrikar also said that \"though it is my prerogative I feel that she should be comfortable, though she is capable, let me consult her before the portfolio is allotted on Monday\".Alina is the widow of former tourism minister Matanhy Saldanha who died following a cardiac arrest a few days after he was inducted in the cabinet. Matanhy was the tourism minister.The portfolio was later given to Saligao MLA Dilip Parulekar though initially it appeared that the chief minister would keep it for Alina. Parrikar had kept one berth open for Alina and even wanted to make her a minister much before the Cortalim bypolls.Alina is the third MLA in Goa's assembly to be elected unopposed after her two rivals, Congress candidate Raymond D'Sa and independent Ramakant Borkar, withdrew from the fray within a few hoursParrikar also said that in next 20 days he will constitute the remaining state government run corporations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13947432", "title": "Youth booked for dowry days before wedding", "text": "Chandigarh: A Haryana girl has lodged a case of dowry harassment against her would-be husband and in-laws, just days before the wedding on June15. Though the marriage has not been called off, the girl told police that her family cannot meet the fresh dowry demands.The girl, Neetam was engaged to a Panipat youth, Rajiv, five months back. A case has been lodged against the boy and six members of his family at the Bawani Khera police station in Bhiwani.\"Rajiv threatened to break the engagement if my family failed to give him an Alto and Rs 5 lakh as dowry on the wedding day,\" said Neeta.Superintendent of police, Bhiwani, Satish Balan, told The Times of India the case was being investigated.In her complaint, Neeta said, \"My father spent Rs 1.5 lakh on engagement. Rajiv and his parents were gifted with gold rings. Besides, gifts were also given to others of his family. When my father went to Panipat to attend a pre-nuptial ritual, they demanded a car.\" The girl, however, still wants to marry Rajiv as she fears nobody will marry her after the break-up.\"We are poor and my father can't afford this big dowry for me,\" Neeta told TOI. She, though, is still open to the marriage, saying, \"I still want to marry Rajiv. In the case of my marriage being called off , nobody would like to marry me.\"Denying the dowry allegations, Rajiv's father claimed, \"My son is upset over some issue. If our relation with the girl's family improves, then there won't be any problem in the marriage.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "13958398", "title": "Education city project to give thrust to growth in Sonipat region", "text": "SONIPAT: The ambitious project of Rajiv Gandhi education city being developed in Sonipat town on the Delhi-Haryana border is set to give much needed push to the real estate sector in the region which is emerging as an alternative residential hub for the national capital.On June 10, Haryana Chief Minister, Bhupinder Singh Hooda would lay the foundation stones of 10 educational institutions and a National Law University at the education city. These education institutions and the National Law University would be set up over a total area of 167.74 acres.With the Haryana government already pumping in Rs 107.80 crore to create infrastructure in the education city, it would accelerate the pace of development along the NH one especially in Kundli and Rai villages and NCR city of Sonipat.Located at just 20 km from the ISBT in Delhi, this region would prove to be a counter-magnet for the ever increasing working class of the national capital who had been preferring the Gurgaon, Faridabad region on the NH eight so far, said a real estate expert.\"Around 15 real estate groups have invested in this area spread upto Gannaur town along the NH one from Kundli border on 30 km stretch. The education city project has revived the market which was going slow in last couple of years\", he said.A Haryana government spokesperson said that this is a major step taken by the government to promote higher education in the state.\" There is also a provision to set up International University Centre\", he said.In adjoining Kundli village, National Institute of Food Technology Entrepreneurship and Management (NIFTEM) had already been set up. Deenbandhu Chhotu Ram University of Science and Technology is also located in neighbouring Murthal village.\"Government is taking measures for the development of Rai, Kundli and Sonipat by setting up roads, powerhouses, bridges and other requisite infrastructures. Kundli-Manesar-Palwal expressway would also play an important role in development of the area\", he said adding that CM Hooda would also address Vikas Rally in the education city complex in Rai on June 10.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13948763", "title": "R G Kar Hospital junior doctors lift cease-work", "text": "KOLKATA: Junior doctors, on cease-work for the third day at R G Kar Hospital, lifted their agitation after the director of medical education assured them that the state would look into their security concerns. However, they arrived at the decision only after the death of a patient, brought to the hospital while the doctors were on strike.Earlier, junior doctors mobbed director of medical education Susanta Bandyopadhyay, who came to meet the agitators on Friday. Bandyopadhyay assured them that their grievances would be looked into. He also said that adequate measures will be taken to enhance the security of the junior doctors.\"We withdrew the cease-work as the state assured that our demands would be met and joined work immediately. We, sincerely, do not want to disrupt work. It is an appeal to all to look into our grievances,\" the junior doctors said.There was resentment on the hospital premises after Bijoli Gayen, a patient who was brought to the hospital from Belghoria on Friday, died for reported medical negligence. allegedly due to lack of medical attention.The hospital authorities will probe into the matter and will take action if any negligence is found.There are about 350 junior doctors at R G Kar Hospital, including 150 interns and 70 house staff. The junior doctors went on a cease-work since Wednesday, after a section of the doctors were beaten up by an angry mob following the death of a patient.Patients, who had come to R G Kar on Friday, had to face a tough time as the agitation was on till late afternoon. Many of the patients had to be taken to other hospitals as they were not attended properly at R G Kar. One Samar Chandra Roy, who took his ailing daughter to Calcutta Medical College and Hospital, said: \"We had to come here as my daughter was denied admission at RG Kar Hospital.\"Interns at Medical College had also called a strike for four hours demanding more security measures, proper infrastructure and adequate manpower. \"We've called the strike in solidarity with the doctors at R G Kar and to raise voice against the reported manhandling there. As the culprits were arrested following the orders of directorate of medical examination, we've decided to observe the agitation only for four hours,\" said Utsav Bhattacharjee, a junior doctor at the hospital. Panchayat and rural development minister Subrata Mukherjee said the government would not accept inconvenience caused due to such protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944634", "title": "Reply to budget debate: Akhilesh Yadav hits out at BSP", "text": "LUCKNOW: Replying to the debate on his maiden budget, chief minister Akhilesh Yadav on Friday targeted the BSP government for all the ills plaguing Uttar Pradesh and promised a new industrial policy coupled with an accelerated growth in the sector, better public services and law and order. \"Unhone ne F1 karaya hamne avon se unko haraya\" (they started Formula1 and we trounced them riding on a bicycle), Akhilesh remarked during his 45 minutes long speech. The sarcasm was not missed by anyone, as CM pointedly mentioned that his budget has not allocated any funds to aviation sector, as the previous government had already bought six planes and four helicopters and has reduced a 12-seater helicopter to a 4 seater.The Samajwadi Party government, he emphasised, has no plans to spend money on parks and stones and added that SP's only park named after Janeshwar Mishra will have greenery and not stones. Akhilesh questioned the logic behind installing the \"ashtadhatu\" statues of animals in Kanshiram memorial. \"Even the chimpanzee in the park is made of ashtadhatu,\" he said amidst titters from the treasury benches. His inquiry about \"the kind of architects BSP government engaged\" while he describe the collapse of roof in Banda medical college and a crack in the bridge also led to much mirth in Vidhan Sabha.Hailing his maiden budget as the largest in UP's history, Akhilesh blamed Maya government for messing up its economy development and social fabric. Marked deterioration in sectors like health, power or agriculture is an outcome of five years of misrule and his three-month-old government must not be blamed for it. Contrary to the claims of his opponents, he had inherited a troubled legacy, the CM declared in reference to Swami Prasad Maurya's claims that the BSP government had left behind Rs 13,000 crore in the coffers.\"The outstanding dues, which include Rs 6,414 crore for land compensation; Rs 7,000 crore in power, Rs 2,670 crore in primary education; Rs 350 crore on police modernisation total up to many times more,\" he said. The CM also mentioned about the hike in budgets various departments.Reiterating his commitment for farmers' welfare, the CM announced that the tablet PCs and laptops to the students will have a special software containing the text books apart from 3G facilities though it may take a year for the gadget to reach the beneficiaries due to the large number of orders. SP he reminded is much maligned for its opposition to computers and English. The government also proposes to set up a computer university soon, he said.The CM listed his priorities like setting up a power plant in Lalitpur, Rs 1,800 crore power project to be launched from western UP, go ahead with medical colleges in Azamgarh, Kannauj, Jalaun and Banda among others. In a stern warning to the bureaucracy, he promised that the truant who does not acknowledge supremacy of legislature would soon be tamed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13945668", "title": "2 held for selling fake ayurvedic medicines", "text": "The Tardeo police on Friday arrested a woman (22) and a man (24) for allegedly running a shop selling fake ayurvedic medicines in Malad. The shop owner is missing.Cops said the shop would shut and shift whenever people found out about the fake medicines. A case of cheating was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13940873", "title": "Show us the money, Tiwari", "text": "Even though many corporators appreciated the lengthy list of schemes proposed in the budget, they have raised a question mark on their implementation as the Nagpur Municipal Corporation is quite strapped of cash.Former chairman of standing committee, Abha Pande said considering that NMC's revenue was only Rs 780 crore in the last fiscal, many of the schemes are impossible to achieve. \"Dayshankar Tiwari expects the revenue to go up to Rs 1286.28 crore. Going by past fiscals, it is impossible to achieve it. I fear that the revenue will be much less as some services have been handed over to private companies. Loss from water works have increased since it was handed over to OCWL. The Starbus operator is not ready to pay royalty and existing due is around Rs 2 crore. Budget seems good just on paper and not in realty,\" she said.BSP corporator Kishor Gajbhiye too questioned the implementation of new schemes as there is no mention of new sources of revenue in the budget.Corporator Arun Dawre said that the NMC instead of increasing revenue is blocking the grants coming from the government. \"Grants of malaria and filaria have not been claimed just due to delay in audit,\" he said.Few corporators from South and North Nagpur, like Suresh Jagyasi, Yogesh Tiwari, Abhishek Shambarkar and Dipak Kapse, alleged unequal distribution of funds and also works.Lauding the schemes, corporators Alka Dalal, Divya Ghurde, Dr Uma Gatibandhe, Dr Safalta Ambatkar and others requested immediate implementation of the schemes and expressed full faith in Tiwari's vision.Schemes proposed for the welfare and development of women and child received appreciation from all. Rekha Barahate and Suresh Talwekar suggested few changes in the schemes.Barring a heated discussion between corporator Prakash Gajbhiye and Sunil Agrawal, the discussion went off smoothly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940239", "title": "Like runway, airport approach road too in bad condition", "text": "NAGPUR: It is not just the 3,200-meter runway, tarmac and taxiways that are in bad condition at city airport. Even the one-km approach road from Hotel Pride to terminal building has deteriorated. Everybody who uses it is uncomfortable with rough, disintegrated surface.Not just that, vehicles entering and leaving it on Wardha road junction have to encounter heavy traffic and there is no signal to regulate it. The road has become uneven at many places, with rough patches and potholes have developed. The footpath tiles on both sides have either developed cracks or become uneven.Many passengers told TOI that driving on the stretch is a nightmarish experience. Drivers also have to put up with dust and other construction material lying on the road. \"It is a bumpy ride,\" a passenger said. It becomes worse as many drivers coming to airport still park their four wheelers on this road to avoid paying parking fees, they said. This leads to possibility of accidents.Sources at airport admitted the road surface had deteriorated because of various reasons like wear and tear and last year's rains. It does raise a question on the maintenance work carried out by the airport operator company Mihan India Limited (MIL).Five years ago, the road was widened to four lanes as part of airport modernization project by Airports Authority of India (AAI). It was also beautified with landscaping on adjoining land. However, the present operator MIL has carried out no maintenance work on it. Surface disintegration or rough patches have not damaged any vehicle as yet but it is fast getting to the point where they will. Senior airport officials admit that the road is in a pathetic condition and needs immediate resurfacing.MIL project manager Abid Ruhi said,\"MIL proposes to resurface the entire stretch and the work will start after rains,\" he said. He could not explain why the resurfacing was not taken up along with the tarmac and taxiway resurfacing work carried out in March this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943396", "title": "Vigilance raids panchayat offices across state", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The Vigilance and Anti Corrpution Bureau officials on Friday conducted a state-wide raid at all grama panchayat offices and found irregularities of massive proportions. The raid, code named 'Operation Gramam', was launched under the directive of vigilance director Venugopal K Nair owing to the rising complaints on corruption at grama panchayat offices.Over 70 teams of vigilance officials conducted simultaneous raids at as many grama panchayat offices across the state. The raids which began at 12 noon lasted till late in the evening. Rampant irregularities mainly relating to issuing building permits, renewal of licenses of commercial buildings, tax collection and issuing passes for sand mining were detected in the raid.VACB DySP N Sankar Reddy, who coordinated the raids, said that most grama panchayat offices did not maintain proper records of the works. Many offices were also found not keeping a record of the rents collected of government owned buildings that were leased out to private parties. The DySP also said that reports from different raid teams were being compiled and the total worth of irregularities can only be assessed only after the process was complete.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943905", "title": "State departments pass buck on Adarsh panel information", "text": "MUMBAI: A senior official told TOI that the judicial commission appointed by the state to probe the Adarsh scam has worked for 350 days from its inception to May 31, 2012.The commission's counsel Anil Sakhare and his assistants V B Nighot and R H Vasudeve have been hired to represent the departments of general administration (GAD), urban development (UDD), revenue, forests and environment before the commission. According to reports, Sakhare is paid Rs 1.15 lakh for every effective hearing, Rs 55,000 per non-effecting hearing and conference fees of Rs 7,500 per hour. Nighot and Vasudev are each paid Rs 25,000 per appearance. So far, the urban development department has paid him Rs 63.41 lakh, while the payment status of the other departments is not available.What is surprising is the state government's reluctance to provide specific information on the payments made to its counsel. On January 5 this year, RTI activist Vikrant Joshi sought information from GAD about the names of the advocates representing the state government before the commission, their terms and conditions, particularly remuneration-and the payment made. The public information officer of GAD S H Umranikar informed him that since the data sought pertained to other departments, the application under the RTI had been forwarded to them.The pass-the-buck continued with UDD telling Joshi that the original application had been redirected to GAD. As a result he is still waiting to get information six months after he made his application. Significantly, the commission had long back provided information to him about the salaries and perks of Justice J A Patil, chairman, and P Subramaniam, member, Deepan Merchant, counsel and his junior Bharat Jhaveri, and expenditure on the commission's staff.\"Nearly Rs 4.5 crore has been spent on the commission and since its term has been extended to September 30, another Rs one crore will have to be provided for it,'' said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952355", "title": "Step Up", "text": "A course in performing arts trains prospective performers in both, physical and theoretical aspects of performers. Nidhi Adlakha speaks to universities that offer training programmes.Music and dance - two of the emerging fields in arts are gaining popularity among youngsters who no longer wish to take to performance as a mere hobby. With a number of professional courses being offered in universities across the country, professional training in a dance form or musical instrument is a growing trend. Take for instance, Kalakshetra, a Chennai-based institute that offers a four-year diploma in bharathanatyam, carnatic music and visual arts, and part-time courses in music and visual arts. \"The courses are strenuous and a combination of theory classes and practical training. We train students in body movements, expressions and hand gestures,\" says Hari Padman, a former student at Kalakshetra who is now part of the faculty of bharathanatyam at the institute.\"Courses in dance and music are gaining popularity among youngsters. We also offer training modules in visual arts like painting and pottery. When compared to a few years ago, we now see a balance between male and female students,\" Hari adds. It is essential for one to be focused and dedicated towards the art forms to create a successful career as an artist. Sathyapriya Iyer, who graduated from the four-year diploma in bharathanatyam at Kalakshetra, was later chosen to be part of the prestigious postgraduate programme as well. \"Choosing a reputed institute is essential for any artiste as it defines your career path. It is essential the institute is recognised and the course widens your expertise as an artiste. After completing the six-year course (four-year undergraduate and a two-year PG programme), I chose to take to teaching. Being part of the Kalakshetra Repertory Company gives me the opportunity to perform for the institute nationally and internationally,\" says Sathyapriya, who now works as a part-time dance tutor at Kalakshetra. Ashok Kumar, deputy director, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan, Bengaluru, says, \"Many people opt for such courses for the sheer love of art. I have also seen people completing their MBA and other professional degrees and then making a switch to the arts.\" The institute runs a weekend school Kalabharati that offers diplomas in vocal hindustani, carnatic music, tabla, sugam sangeet, bharatanatyam and kathakali. Speaking of the career opportunities of such courses, he says, \"Students who graduate in courses specialising in music and dance join schools and universities as tutors. Those who wish to enhance their skills further take up specialised courses, research and eventually become individual performers.\" The Maharajah's Government College of Music and Dance, Vizianagaram, Andhra Pradesh , offers four-year certificate courses and two-year diploma courses in vocal training, violin, veena, mridangam, bharathanatyam, nadaswaram and dolu.PVS Sheshadri, former principal at the college stresses on the importance of a judicious mix of theory and practical components in such courses. \"The theory component of our courses that specialise in dance and music focusses on their history, raagas, gestures, dance forms, expressions and body movements. It is essential that students are trained in theory as it helps enhance one's skill as a performer.With a focus on dance and music, the RLV College of Music and Fine Arts, Tripunithura, Kerala, also offers courses in fine arts that are widely popular. The institute offers graduate and postgraduate programmes specialising in vocal music, veena, violin and the mridangam apart from courses in bharathanatyam, mohiniyattam, kathakali-vesham, kathakali-sangeetham, kathakali-chenda, kathakali-maddalam. \"The Fine Arts department has graduate and postgraduate courses in Painting, Sculpture and Applied Arts. Such courses are gaining popularity and over 400 students graduate from the institute each year,\" says Dr R Kamakshi, principal. \"Many students go abroad and train further before becoming solo performers. Other career opportunities include academic and research scholars, group performers and dance tutors,\" she adds. Take for instance N Subhaalakshmi, who completed her MA in Bharatanatyam from the University of Madras in 2011 and now works as a teacher. \"The course had a balance of theory and practical components and included a number of projects as well. The career prospects after pursuing such a course are numerous such as teaching, performing and even research,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "rourkela", "code": "13946649", "title": "'Coup' fallout: Closure order to Ahluwalia mines", "text": "ROURKELA: After conducting a vigilance and sales tax raid on Ahluwalia group of companies, the mining department of the state government ordered closure of all mining activities in two of their mines here on Thursday.The Ahluwalia group of companies has been facing the heat after the alleged report that their owner had helped fund the 'coup' against the Naveen Pattnaik government, in a meeting organized here at a posh hotel of the city. The company, however, has been continuously denying the allegation. According to sources, a letter from deputy director of mines, Joda, was sent to the office of Ahluwalia group of companies on Thursday, directing them to close down all mining activities like raising and transportation till completion of vigilance inquiry.The state vigilance department, along with sales tax officials, had conducted a raid on the group on June 5, 2012. \"We received a communication from the Joda DDM on Thursday, wherein they have directed to close down the mining activities in our Nuagaon and Thakurani mines,\" said Deepak Mohanty, general manager of the Ahluwalia group.The company owner Prasanta Ahluwalia again reiterated they had no hand in the alleged coup attempt. \"Two of my senior family members, including my mother-in-law, have been admitted to a hospital in New Delhi in a critical condition due to which I have not been able to move out since the last couple of weeks and even look after my business activities,\" said Ahluwalia. \"I came to know about this alleged report only from my staff, who came to know about this from various television channels,\" he added. \"We are businessmen, engaged in mining activities since the past four decades and have never indulged ourselves in politics,\" said Prasanta Ahluwalia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940260", "title": "UP board high school exam results: Girls outperform boys", "text": "KANPUR: In High School, the results of which were declared on Friday, girls have defeated boys again at the state level. However, at the city level, boys performed quite well. Several students managed above 90% marks and A1 grades in all the six subjects. Majority of the schools witnessed 100% results.Mukul Yadav from Chitra Inter College managed to top the city with 93.83% marks. The second slot has been collectively shared by Mahendra Singh Parihar (Chitra Inter College) and Antra Mishra ( Mount Carmel Inter College) who managed 93.50% marks. The third position was shared by Ruchi Rathor and Rashmi Gautam of Shivaji Inter College, with 93.33% marks.It was for the first time when the UP board had opted CCEP pattern for evaluation. Among the 100 marks of the paper, 30 were given through internal assessment while 70 were awarded by the Board in the external examinations. This concept of internal assessment left many happy for getting unexpected results and other unsatisfied.As many as 72,679 students got registered in the High School examinations from Kanpur zone this year. Among them, 35,997 were boys and 33,732 girls. A remarkable number of students had not appeared I the examinations. The exact pass percentage of Kanpur was not available.BNSD Shiksha Niketan Inter College, which had been giving toppers since past several years, could not repeat the performance. The city toppers were from different schools.The students of Chitra Inter College managed to get the top two positions in the city for the first time. As many as eight students of this school managed to get above 90% marks. Mukul Yadav, with 93.83% marks, topped the city. Maendra Singh Parihaar with 93.50% marks stood on second position both in the city and school. The third topper was Himanshu Sachan with 91.50% marks. The school achieved 100% result. Majority of students managed to get distinction marks.Students of Shivaji Inter College achieved 100% results. Majority of students managed to get distinction marks and 20 got above 90% marks. Ruchi Rathore and Rashmi Gautam, both with 93.33% marks managed the third position in the city and first in the school. Shubham Sharma and Shraddha Singh with 93% marks each remained the second topper of the school. The two also managed to be in the top five in the city. Aditi Kushwaha with 92.88% remained the third topper of the school.In BNSD Shiksha Niketan, 122 students got distinction marks and 20 scored above 90%. Ankita Mishra with 92.66% topped the school. Ashish Kumar Singh with 91.67% and 100 marks in mathematics managed to get the second position. Anupam Tiwari and Kritika Mishra (100 marks in mathematics) get 91.50% marks remained the joint third topper of the school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13946932", "title": "Coal block allocation in two months: Minister", "text": "RANCHI: Union coal minister Sriprakash Jaiswal on Friday promised to dispose of all pending applications for allocation of coal blocks within a couple of months to ensure maximum availability of fuel to thermal power plants in the country.\"The ministry is very serious to ensure availability of coal to meet the need of power plants and I have asked the Coal India Limited (CIL) to achieve its annual production target without fail,\" said Jaiswal. The biggest coal mining company of the country had failed to achieve the target in the last fiscal year. However, he did not reveal the number of applications pending for disposal and the duration.\"In the first two months (April and May) of the current fiscal year, the CIL has achieved the target and I am hopeful that it will continue with the positive trend,\" said Jaiswal who was here to campaign for the Congress candidate in the Hatia assembly byelection.Referring to a query on the alleged irregularity in allocation of 220 coal blocks during 2006-09, the minister ruled out any scam. The case is now under investigation by the CBI and four state governments including Jharkhand , Odisha, Chhattisgarh and West Bengal are under scanner. Of the 220 coal blocks allocated, 29 have become operational and the rest are under different stage of project execution. Some have not made any progress because of non-availability of land and environment clearance.\"There was no scam in allocation - be it by the UPA government or by the previous government. Just because the coal blocks were not auctioned, it cannot be called a scam. The blocks were not auctioned only to ensure cheap availability of coal to power companies because the CIL alone cannot meet the requirement of power producers,\" said Jaiswal.He further said no coal block could be allotted by the Union government without getting recommendation of the state government. \"It is Utopian to think that the Centre and the state will connive in favour of so many companies,\" he added.On the hue and cry raised by the opposition parties and even by some UPA allies on the hike in petrol price, the minister said no one has the right to mislead people. \"If they have a suggestion on how the government can reduce the price, they should disclose it. Otherwise by protesting against the hike they are trying to mislead the people,\" Jaiswal said and challenged the non-UPA ruled states to reduce the value added tax on petroleum products to give relief to the masses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940544", "title": "Tough to raise funds during recession: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar", "text": "PUNE: Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar on Friday said that raising funds for projects like the metro rail has become tough due to global recession.Pawar was speaking at the inauguration of the grade separator - a subway for vehicles - at the Sancheti chowk at Shivajinagar. He added that no project should, however, become a non-starter for lack of funds.He also said the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) and other governing bodies should take austerity measures for better financial management, control unnecessary expenditure and use funds judiciously.The authorities and leaders should be extra vigilant about the expenses of the municipal corporation, he added.In his address, Pawar said that though he personally supported an underground metro rail, the decision for constructing an elevated metro was taken at the cabinet meeting after looking at the cost effectiveness of the project.\"The cost for constructing an elevated metro is around Rs 2,500 crore, while the cost for an underground metro is around Rs 8,000 crore. If we had opted for an underground metro, we would have been left with no choice but to pass the financial burden on to the users. The ticket rates would have increased by three to four times and the common people would have suffered. Which is why we decided in favour of an elevated metro,\" he said.Pawar said the government is also looking at extending the metro rail project to Pimpri-Chinchwad. Discussions have also been held on providing a special metro facility to reach the proposed international airport. A state delegation, including the chief minister and the deputy chief minister,would be holding a meeting with the railway minister soon, he added.After inaugurating the subway for which the PMC incurred an expenditure of Rs 12 crore, he laid the foundation stone for the second subway at S G Barve chowk on JM road. The PMC would be spending around Rs 9 crore for the second subway. The first subway at Sancheti chowk was completed in 17 months", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bokaro", "code": "13947428", "title": "Marks glare on Bokaro topper", "text": "BOKARO: The marks obtained by Neha Kumari, the district topper in science stream in Class XII examination conducted by the Jharkhand Academic Council (JAC) this year are under scanner. Sensing something fishy, a team of JAC from Ranchi has started inquiry. The team was here on Friday.Kumari has scored 73% in the XII board examination this year. Sources said she is the daughter of block education officer (BEO) Mahender Singh. Her father has allegedly taken undue benefit of his post and has admitted her simultaneously to two institutions Inter Mahavidyalaya, Singhpur of Kasmar Block and Government Women Polytechnic, Bokaro.\"When we checked the attendance registers of both the institutions, we found Kumari was a regular student and marked present at both the places at the same time. How can it be possible? There are also other misappropriations found which we are investigating?\" said an officer.The team also found fraud in documents related to admission of 10 other students as well who had appeared in Class XII examination from Inter Mahavidyalaya, Kasmar. \"We visited district superintendent of education (DSE) Bake Bihari Singh where we inquired Mahto and principal of another government school which host the examination centre,\" said Pradeep Kumar Choubey, the joint secretary who headed the investigation team.When JAC officials inquired Inter Mahavidyalaya principal Jeet Lal Mahto, he confessed to the wrong doings. There was also bungling in attendance register of the school.The JAC officers have taken examination copies of Class XI of Kumari to match her hand writing with Class XII copies .\"It was found that Kumari has taken admission to Inter Mahavidyalya by submitting coloured photo copies of the documents including school leaving certificates while she has submitted all the originals with Government Polytechnic. Her father who is BEO in Patan Block, Palamu was posted at Kasmar when she got admission to the school,\" said a source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13948669", "title": "State government takes step to fill up vacant IPS posts", "text": "KOLKATA: Finally, the government has taken a step to fill up vacant IPS posts in the state. The process had been stalled after one of the officers featuring on the list of those recommended for promotion was mistakenly charged with criminal negligence in relation to the Sushanto Ghosh case. Since the UPSC raised questions on this officer, the entire list was held back by the ministry of home affairs (MHA).The government has now written to the MHA, striking off the name of the WBPS officer whom it had charged with criminal negligence. The list originally had names of 25 WBPS officers who would have been upgraded from West Bengal Police Service (WBPS) cadre to IPS. There are 69 promotee IPS officers in the state, leaving 36 vacancies. Bengal's total cadre strength is 347, which is the highest in the country. Among the IPS officers, 105 should be promotee WBPS officers who are upgraded after putting in 20 years of service.The last induction of WBPS officers into the IPS was done two years ago and the list was revised for the last time in August 2011. Apparently, this officer was in charge of Anandpur police station where Trinamool activist Ajoy Acharya reportedly died but the officials at the police station had refused to take the complaint.On finding this officer's name in the list, UPSC sought explanation as to why a chargesheet wasn't filed against him. The MHA forwarded the query to the state government, which couldn't find a befitting reply because it had already suspended the officer in question. But now, the government has struck off his name so as to let MHA proceed with the promotions.At long last, the government has done something to fill up vacancies in the posts of IPS officers in the state. The revision had been stalled thanks to a faux pas relating to the Sushanto Ghosh case as one of the officers in the list of those recommended for promotion had been mistakenly charged with criminal negligence. As the UPSC raised questions on this officer, the entire list was held back by the ministry of home affairs.But now the government has written to the MHA striking off the name of the WBPS officer whom it had charged with criminal negligence relating to the former CPM minister's case. The list originally had names of 25 WBPS officers who would have been upgraded from West Bengal Police Service (WBPS) cadre to IPS. There are 69 promotee IPS officers in Bengal, leaving 36 vacancies. Bengal's total cadre strength is 347, which is the highest in the country. Among the IPS officers, 105 should be promotee WBPS officers who are upgraded after putting in 20 years of service.The last induction of WBPS officers into the IPS was done two years ago and the last time the list was revised was in August 2011. Apparently, this officer was in charge of Anandpur police station under where Trinamool activist Ajoy Acharya had said to have died but the officials at the police station had refused to take the complaint.On finding this officer's name in the list, UPSC sought explanation as to why a chargesheet wasn't filed against him. MHA forwarded the query to the state government, which couldn't find a befitting reply because it had already suspended the officer in question.But now, the government has struck off his name so as to let MHA proceed with the promotions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942504", "title": "Rajasthan University students protesting against PG entrance exam dispersed", "text": "JAIPUR: The police on Friday dispersed students of Rajasthan University who were protesting against the entrance examination for the varsity's post-graduate programmes.Five undergraduate students were on hunger strike from Thursday noon to protest the newly-introduced system. On Friday noon, when their condition deteriorated, doctors referred them to SMS hospital. However, the agitating students refused vacate the spot. Later, more than 50 students joined them. They locked the gates to stop the ambulance from entering. The police later took the agitating students to the hospital. Police claimed that they did not use the baton. Sources said the students were dehydrated and needed medicare.In a bid to bring about a major change in the academics, the RU is gearing up to conduct the first-of-its-kind entrance test. The university also aims to bring transparency in the admission system. Students also alleged that \"Instead of supporting us, the V-C is adamant. If the university does not roll back the plan, we will intensify our stir and varsity administration will be responsible for the consequences,\" said Vinod Singh, a student of sociology.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939094", "title": "Patna zoo to soon haveautomated gates", "text": "PATNA: The Sanjay Gandhi Biological Park, popularly known as Patna zoo, would soon bid adieu to the manual system of visitors' entry. Instead, it would soon commission 10 automated entry gates at two points of the park.The park authorities recently floated a tender for the installation of such gates. Praveen Kumar , deputy director of the park, said, \"The park records around 6,000 footfalls everyday during the summer season. The number goes up to 10,000 during other seasons. The manual system slows down the entry process and is quite time consuming.\"Of the 10 automatic machines, six would be installed at the gate number 1 and four at the gate number 2. The park officials said that visitors could swipe the bar-coded tickets at the gates to open them. The electronic surveillance would help check leak of revenue and bring in more transparency. Close-circuit cameras would be installed at the entry points to complement the efforts, he said.The electronic gates will give an exact idea about the number of visitors, adults and children separately, at any given point of time inside the zoo. Similarly, it will generate data on weekly and monthly inflow of visitors.The Hyderabad zoo and the Nandankanan zoo are already using such a systems. \"The new system will effectively end recycling of tickets and bring respite to the visitors who have to stand in long queues for manual checking of their tickets,\" said Kumar.Tickets for carrying camera by the visitors, however, will be issued and checked manually as is the prevalent practice. At present, an adult visitor has to pay Rs 15 while minors have to pay Rs 5 as entry fee to the zoo. There is concession for school students visiting the park in groups.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13953504", "title": "Students of private medical colleges to work as house surgeons in government hospitals", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In an unusual order, the health department has decided to allow students of self-financing medical colleges to work as house surgeons in government hospitals across the state amid strong protest from government doctors. The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has decided not to cooperate with the students.The health department has already started this on a pilot basis at hospitals in Kanyakulangara and Vithura in Thiruvananthapuram.Though the government has not taken any policy decision on this, the district medical officers have been given the message that the respective hospitals can have an agreement with the colleges concerned on the matter.The interesting part is that private medical colleges have started choosing the hospitals on their own. While most self-financing colleges prefer government hospitals in their locality, there is huge demand for general hospitals and district hospitals.It is widely suspected that the decision has been taken to help self-financing medical colleges since they face an acute shortage of patients. The previous LDF government had also attempted to introduce this practice but withdrew it following protests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13959905", "title": "Indian Institute for Human Settlements to set up its first campus in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Though education sector didn't receive a good response in the much hyped second edition of Global Investors Meet, Indian Institute for Human Settlements (IIHS) signed a MoU with the state government to establish a national research and innovation university in the city.IIHS will set up its first campus in Bangalore in 55 acres of land, in Kengeri at a cost of Rs 250 crore. Programme for working professionals' head attached to IIHS Satish Selva Kumar told TOI: \"The land has been allotted by Bangalore Development Authority (BDA) and the proposal for national university status is under process.\"As soon as the central government gives the status of national university to IIHS, four year Bachelor in Urban Practice and two year Masters in Urban Practice courses will be offered by IIHS, he said.These innovative courses on urban practice will be started within couple of years, students will be taught interdisciplinary skills required for planning, development and management of cities, towns and villages in India as there is need for urban planning experts because it is expected that by 2050 close to half of India's population would be living in urban areas.Eligibility: II Pre-university from any stream is the eligibility to pursue bachelor in urban practice, while degree from any stream is the eligibility to pursue masters in urban practice.IIHS is yet to ascertain minimum eligibility marks as it is waiting for the national university status approval from the center.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943357", "title": "Short films give more freedom to filmmakers: Gautham Ghosh", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Documentary maker Gautham Ghosh has said that making short films and documentaries gave more independence to filmmakers. He was inaugurating the fifth edition of International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (IDSFFK) here on Friday.\"The Chalachitra Academy's initiative for organizing this festival is really commendable. No television channel in the country sets apart time slot for airing documentaries and short films,\" he said. Ghosh noted that after the advent of digital technology a number of excellent short films have been produced by young filmmakers. Ghosh also expressed his happiness over the presence of internationally acclaimed directors Adoor Gopalakrishnan and Shaji N Karun at the inaugural venue.In his presidential address, health minister V S Sivakumar said such festivals would help spectators understand the changes happening in the world cinema. \"Documentaries also carry a social responsibility by acting as a medium between those in need and those in power,\" he said.Chalchitra Academy deputy director Beena Paul said the highlight of this edition of IDSFFK is the packages devoted for Afghan, Estonian and African short films.Shaji N Karun released the catalogue of the festival by handing over the first copy to T K Rajeev Kumar. Chalchitra Academy secretary Manoj Kumar and Bulgarian director Adele Peeva were also present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13940632", "title": "107 Tipeshwar families get compensation", "text": "Yavatmal: Forest department gave cheques of Rs 2 lakh each to 107 families affected by the Tipeshwar Wildlife Sanctuary on Friday afternoon. Principal secretary of forest Pravin Pardesi distributed the cheques in a function attended by outgoing collector Shravan Hardikar, new collector Ashwin Mugdal, zilla parishad CEO Naval Kishor Ram, Yavatmal chief conservator of forest Dinesh Tyagi and CCF Wildlife Srinivas Reddy.Speaking to TOI, Pardesi said, \"161 out of 228 families of Tipeshwar village have given their consent for rehabilitation. Of these, 54 families have already been paid Rs 2 lakh each. Today 107 families got the money. This is the first instalment of the Rs 10 lakh compensation promised to each family.\"About relocation of Tipeshwar, Pardesi said that he has instructed all the concerned departments to ensure the villagers are relocated before monsoon. \"We are concentrating on three basic amenities - water, electricity and approach roads. It will be done before the final rehabilitation of the village.\"The new settlement has been granted gaothan status and the Pandharkawda-based tribal development project office has submitted a proposal to the assistant tribal commissioner of Amravati for the grant of Gharkul and water supply scheme for the 72 Kolam tribal families affected by the sanctuary. Each beneficiary will get Rs 1 lakh for Gharkul.\"We need Rs 23 crore for the relocation. Of this we have Rs 7 crore and the remaining Rs 16 crore would be channelized from various sources,\" Pardesi said, adding, \"Three-four bore wells have been sanctioned and solar pump sets would be installed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13947829", "title": "Virbhadra: Will quit if chargesheeted", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Union minister for micro and small scale industries Virbhadra Singh on Friday said that he will tender his resignation if he was charge-sheeted in the CD case.The court had recently reserved its judgment till June 25, 2012, to decide on framing charges against the Union minister and his wife.\"I will do nothing which will tarnish the image of the Prime Minister and my government in any way. If I am charge-sheeted, I will definitely tender my resignation from the post of Union minister,\" he said.\"I know, when I come out (after the case is settled), I will come shining more, which will sound the death knell of the BJP government in the state,\" he added.The Congress leader also charged chief minister Prem Kumar Dhumal of playing cheap politics against him. Not stopping at that, he also pointed fingers at Himachal Pradesh DGP D S Minhas, for involvement in arranging false documents against him.\"According to concrete information gained from my own sources, all the papers against me have been prepared in the office of DGP Minhas. He has played a major role in it,\" the former chief minister alleged.Virbhadra said he was the full support of the Prime Minister and the Congress president on this issue. \"I have the backing of Prime Minister and Congress president in this regard as they are aware about the hollowness of the case. I am loyal to the party and the high command. I am not afraid of leaving the ministerial chair,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13941403", "title": "Cartoon row: Vaiko's protest may kick up political storm in TN", "text": "CHENNAI: MDMK chief Vaiko's missive to the Centre demanding the removal of a cartoon in an NCERT class XII textbook on the anti-Hindi agitation in Tamil Nadu may stir fresh trouble, especially among regional parties in Tamil Nadu. Some of them, including DMK, are likely to issue statements condemning the cartoon, cashing in on the emotive issue.\"The anti-Hindi agitation is a glorious chapter in Tamil Nadu's political history. But the cartoon in the textbook depicts students (of Tamil Nadu) as if they were ignorant and merely indulging in violence. This is a total distortion of history and hurts the sentiments of the people of Tamil Nadu, maligning the historic Dravidian movement,\" Vaiko said. MDMK Party MP A Ganesamoorthy handed over the letter to the NCERT director in New Delhi.Last month, it was a dalit party, the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi \u2014 a UPA ally \u2014 and the TN unit of the CPM that kicked up a furore over a 1949 cartoon published in an NCERT textbook showing Jawaharlal Nehru and Ambedkar in the context of the slow drafting of the Constitution. VCK cadres had led an agitation to a Kendriya Vidyalaya school at Kalpakkam near Chennai. The next day, the issue whipped up a storm in House with parties disrupting proceedings and demanding that the cartoon be removed from textbooks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "tirumala", "code": "13939912", "title": "Water shortage irks Tirumala pilgrims", "text": "TIRUMALA: Thousands of pilgrims fretted and fumed over lack of water at the Lord's abode on Friday. Devotees at the Kalyanakatta where they get their heads tonsured had a tough time waiting endlessly for water. Cottages, guesthouses, dormitories and other accommodations went without water causing severe inconvenience to pilgrims.\"We came here to fulfill our vow after my son passed the SSC exam. But there is no water. The authorities should have made alternative arrangements,\" Kolli Satyanarayana of Rajahmundry complained. Women, children and the aged suffered the most in the scorching heat.Officials found it difficult to pacify the angry devotees. The situation came under control only towards the evening. \"As holidays are coming to an end soon, nearly 80,000 devotees thronged the temple making it difficult for us to handle the situation,\" a TTD official said.The TTD supplies around 40 lakh gallons of water on days when the pilgrim rush is heavy and 20 lakh gallons on normal days. Sources said the officials could not draw water from the Papa Vinashanam dam after the motors were burnt. There were also frequent power shutdowns which aggravated the problem. The dam is the main source of water supply with 16 lakh gallons a day while borewells supplements it.TTD water works executive engineer Narasimha Murthy said the problem could be overcome only if the forest department permits water from Kumaraswami and Pasupudhara dams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940007", "title": "Corporators from Nagpur's fringe areas seek more funds", "text": "NAGPUR: Even though the standing committee chairman Dayashankar Tiwari has allotted Rs15 lakh to every corporator to carry out developmental works in their respective constituency, councillors from fringe areas of the city are not happy.According to them, the slow pace of development in the fringe areas of their corporation is causing concern among the elected public representatives as they are grilled by public at every available opportunity.Corporator from Zingabai Takli, Arun Daware said that Rs15 lakh allotted to a corporator will be sufficient for representatives from the old city, but those who represent the outer wards require more funds.Demanding special funds for fringe areas, Daware said that the denizens are not fortunate enough to witness development commensurate to the taxes they pay, which have become 10 times higher now.Sanitation, roads, electricity and water supply are some of the major issues raised by the residents in the outer wards, he said.Citing an example, he said in Zingabai Takli ward, though it was regularized a decade ago, there are many localities where there are no motorable roads, drinking water connections and sewer lines.\"Some areas like Hudkeshwar, interior parts of east Nagpur which are densely populated, badly need a makeover in terms of sanitation,\" said Deepak Kapse.The middle-class families here have to deal with lack of amenities and are irked with their public representatives for failing to fulfil their promises.Congress corporator Suresh Jagyasi too demanded civic body's attention towards north Nagpur. Citing an example, he said that lack of development in this part of the city can be gauged by the fact that even Nara crematorium has been overlooked, on the other hand every year the NMC spends funds worth lakhs of rupees for the beautification and maintenance of crematoriums in central and west Nagpur.Even the civic body's health department has been neglected, he said, adding that even the garbage is not lifted every day. In fact, the private firm, entrusted to lift garbage, doesn't appear serious in doing its job, he alleged.\"Bad roads in most places make driving here a bumpy affair and also accident-prone. The locals here have no option but to live with it,\" pointed out Congress corporator Praful Gudadhe from Jaitala Ward. \"This makes it very tough for public representatives as they are answerable for their respective wards,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "visakhapatnam", "code": "13939951", "title": "Cases against anti-petro coke plant agitators", "text": "VISAKHAPATNAM: Two days after fisherfolk ransacked two police jeeps and chased the cops away during a public hearing on the proposed petroleum coke plant at Chatametta village in Rambilli mandal, police on Friday registered six cases, including attempt-to-murder, on about 200 agitators. The public hearing was held at Chatametta village in Rambilli mandal on Wednesday.The Visakha rural police, after examining the video footage on the violence, registered six cases against the agitators. They also named district CPM secretary Ch Narsinga Rao, TDP leader Sundarapu Satish and fishermen's leader Gonagalla Vivek, besides 200 villagers in the FIR.The agitators were booked under sections 307 (attempt to murder), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt to deter public servant from his duty), 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 341 (wrongful confinement), 147 (rioting) and 148 (armed with deadly weapons) of IPC. Sources said three persons were specifically booked under section 307.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955166", "title": "A do for Bangalore's art frat", "text": "Bangalore's art frat always makes it a point to show up to check out the latest collections on display at art spaces.So when they heard that spiritual artist Tarun Cherian was conducting an exhibion of oil paintings, they turned up in droves to check out what his canvas had to offer. The evening kick-started with a performance by singer Anitha Aswath and jazz guitarist Arun Shankar, after which everyone strolled around to check out the paintings. TOI spotted model Karan Rao, as well as Aslam and Michelle Gafoor among those who were catching up over drinks and canapes and getting their art fix for the week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13939397", "title": "Junior cricket to be played on uncovered wickets", "text": "MUMBAI: The Indian team's consecutive debacles in Australia and England may just force the Board of Control for Cricket in India ( BCCI ) to take some radical decisions regarding domestic cricket.The technical committee of the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) will meet on June 12 to discuss the feasibility of a few proposals floating around. One proposal being mooted in the Board, according to the Board's Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) Ratnakar Shetty, is that \"domestic cricket up to the under-22 level, be played on uncovered wickets.\" The idea, clearly, is to expose youngsters to fresh pitches that have pace, bounce or turn due to the vagaries of the nature. It should help the youngsters toughen their technique early enough in their career.Presently, junior domestic cricket tournaments like the Cooch Behar Trophy (U-19) and the CK Nayudu Trophy (U-22) are played on covered wickets.Meanwhile, in a first of its kind decision regarding Mumbai's Kanga cricket league, whose 64th edition will be played from August 5 and will conclude on October 21, teams who come to the ground only to discover that their game has been abandoned due to unplayable conditions, will now get a point. Earlier, in such cases, the teams would not get any points. \"It was unfair on a team's players that they wait the whole day for play to begin, only to return empty-handed due to sheer misfortune. So we decided to amend the rule,\" said Kanga League secretary Vinod Deshpande.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943972", "title": "Police cracks murder case", "text": "INDORE: With the arrest of a person, police on Friday claimed to have cracked the murder of a woman at a private lodge in Choti Gwaltoli on March 6. The accused is a history-sheeter and was carrying a reward of Rs 15,000 in Indore and 10,000 in Uttar Pradesh on his head.Talking to mediapersons, ASP Manoj Rai said police have arrested Ashu alias Ashwani Tiwari from Agra. He is a resident of Eta in Uttar Pradesh and is booked for various cases including murder and rape at many police stations across Uttar Pradesh.During the interrogation, Ashu has confessed killing Mamta, alias, Hemlata, a prostitute, who was found dead in a lodge. The accused confessed that he had hired the woman with the help of an auto rickshaw driver. A clash reportedly erupted among them when were in the lodge. The woman insulted Ashu and spat on his face. Infuriated, the accused killed the woman by chocking her.During the investigation, the police found that Mamata had checked in with Ashu who introduced himself as Snehil Mishra, a Lucknow-based journalist. He was absconding after the incident. The police found all the details, including address and name, fake. Police confirmed the identity of the accused after they approached his relatives with his photographs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946974", "title": "Brighter side of June is still ahead", "text": "May was hot but June is the most uncomfortable month for Chennaiites as there is little sea breeze all through this period, says the Meteorological department.Maximum temperatures in May crossed 400 C more often than it will in June, but there is usually only a slight difference in the average hourly temperature recorded in the two months. \"The 'kathri' period has passed, but it continues to be hot. The evenings are worse,\" agrees Hemamalini, a resident of T Nagar.The reason, Met officials say, is the near-absence of sea breeze and due to winds blowing in the opposite direction. \"The south-west monsoon has set in and the surface westerly winds in Chennai are strong,\" says India Meteorological Department deputy director-general Y E A Raj. Westerlies, blowing from west to east in June, can reach speeds up to 20kmph. \"The sea breeze has to be faster than this to virtually kill the westerlies and cool the city. But this rarely happens,\" said Raj.Absence of sea breeze in June ensures that the land does not cool down even in the latter half of the day as it did in May(see graphic). For instance, on May 17 when maximum temperature was 41.80 C, sea breeze set in around 1.30pm and temperature fell by 80 C in just four hours. In comparison, on June 6, temperature remained as high as 370 C even at 5.30pm.There is another reason for the discomfort. A study has found that sea breeze sets in by noon between May 1 and 10. But as days pass, the onset of sea breeze is delayed, and eventually by the end of June, it sets in only around 3pm. \"This makes the city very uncomfortable in this period,\" said Raj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13940492", "title": "Government not to extend digitization deadline", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Union government on Friday ruled out extension of the June 30 deadline for digitization of cable services in metro cities. The I&B; ministry has also asked for a weekly report on progress from all stakeholders.On Friday, the ministry reviewed preparations for digitization and heard the views of broadcasters, multi-system operators (MSOs), local cable operators (LCOs), representatives of consumers' rights organizations among others.The cable operators and MSOs pointed out that only about 30% of the set-top boxes had been placed in four metros \u2014 Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai.Sources said that some stakeholders expressed difficulties in meeting the digitization requirements.Sources said that all broadcasters, MSOs, LCOs had been asked to file their grievances. They were also asked to submit a report on work that has been done so far.The stakeholders have been asked to give a detailed feedback by June 11. This will then be discussed in the meeting of Task force on digitization on June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13947770", "title": "Hopcom outlets to curb middlemen menace", "text": "DHARWAD: In a bid to contain the menace of middlemen and provide fresh fruits and vegetables to people and provide remunerative price to producers, the Hopcoms will set up 20 retail outlets in Dharwad city. The first of these will come up at Shivagiri locality on Saturday.The move is also expected to decongest the main market area and Subhas road in the city as the residents of various extension areas will be able to buy fresh vegetables and fruits in their locality as reasonable prices.This is the initiative launched by Karnataka Horticulture Federation(KHF). Minister for horticulture S A Raveendranath will symbolically lay the foundation stone for 20 Hopcom outlets at a function to be held at Shivagiri Kalyan Mantap on Saturday.Minister for rural development and panchayat raj Jagadish Shettar will inaugurate the outlet in Dharwad.Speaking to the Times of India on Thursday KHF chairman Eshwarchandra Hosmani said this was a long pending demand of the federation to set up Hopcom units in twin cities.He said as of now both producers and ultimate consumers are being fleeced by middlemen in the wholesale market as the middlemen are getting a major chunk of price paid by the consumers. Since both vegetable and fruits are perishable items, farmers cannot afford to keep them unsold for long time.Taking undue advantage of the helplessness of farmers, the middlemen are exploiting them. With Hopcom intervening both the farmers and consumers will be helped to certain extent\" Hosamani said.People have welcomed the move as it saves them from going all the way to the main market in Subhas road.Besides saving fuel, it will also help decongest the market area. As of now, people throng Subhas road from all the extension areas in Dharwad with their vehicles and parking has become a major problem.Hema, a housewife residing in Banashankari Nagar said apart from Hopcom outlets, each extension area should have a shopping complex where other items are also made available at reasonable price. !The Hubli-Dharwad Municipal Corporation (HDMC) has responded positively to the proposal submitted by the KHF and is allotting land to start 20 Hopcom units and all the 20 would start functioning in next four months. Each unit is being constructed at a cost of Rs four lakh and will have shelves to display fruits and vegetables and also a freezer to procure the horticulture crops.Hopcom member Prabhu Keshgod said, Dharwad, is one of the largest growers of horticulture crop and every year fruits and vegetables are grown in more than 86,000 hectare. At every unit, the produce would be weighed electronically and the cost of the produce purchased from the farmers would be distributed on daily basis, Prabhu Keshgod said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13942830", "title": "Woman beaten to death in Jaisalmer", "text": "JAISALMER: A married woman who had gone to her in-laws' place six months ago in Ramgarh police station area in Jaisalmer district was beaten to death by her husband and sister-in-law. After the report of the deceased's father, probationary deputy SP has begun the investigation. Police have arrested the husband and sister-in-law.Ramgarh police station in-charge Mukesh Yabra said that Leela (19) was married to Ganpat Ram Aud around one-and-a-half years ago. She went to her in-laws' house around six months ago. Leela's in-laws used to beat her for dowry.He said that in the initial investigation, it was found that four months ago, elder brother of Ganpat Ram (20) died and later he developed illicit relation with his brother's wife Anu (27). Leela was proving to be an obstacle in this relationship therefore both used to beat Leela for bringing less dowry.Police officer said that on Thursday, Ganpat Ram killed his wife by beating her with a stick, his sister-in-law too helped Ganpat. At the time of this incident, Leela's mother-in-law and father-in-law were not present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13953608", "title": "Lapses alleged in constitution of selection committee at Calicut University", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Kerala State Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes Women's Rights Protection Council has urged the chancellor, governor H R Bharadwaj to direct the Calicut University to reconstitute the selection committee formed to make appointments to the 150 odd peon and watchman vacancies in the university.Speaking at a press conference here, president of the council P Mundi said the committee constituted by the vice chancellor (VC) to oversee the selection process was flawed and violated the principles of social justice as four of the five members in the committee, including the VC, belonged to a single community.Under the university rules, the selection committee for all non-teaching staff appointments in the varsity will have the VC, conveners of the syndicate staff committee and finance committee as members. In addition to the three members, the VC has the power to nominate two more members to the selection committee.The council office bearers allege that despite the CU syndicate having a member from the SC community, the two members nominated by the VC belonged to one community.\"We believe that the move to exclude the syndicate member belonging to the SC category from the selection committee is aimed at indulging in corruption and favouritism,\" said Mundi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945820", "title": "Police arrest Karjat paper setter, assistant in leak case", "text": "MUMBAI: The police have arrested two teachers of a Karjat college whom they had questioned in connection with Mumbai University's question paper leaks. Lecturer and question paper setter Archana Thakre and her assistant Kavita Yadav have been charged under the Maharashtra Prevention of Malpractices (University, Board and other Specified Examinations) Act, and remanded in police custody till June 12. Both teach at the Konkan Gyanpeeth College of Engineering.The police said the university had authorized Thakre to set the basic electrical and electronics engineering (BEEE) paper for ATKT (allowed to keep term) students, but she asked Yadav to do so on her behalf; not only this, she also gave the paper to a peon to put it in an envelope, seal it, and send it to the university; even after she learnt of the leak, Thakre did not inform the department concerned. \"The whole matter points to negligence on her part. She also violated university rules, for which we have booked her under the malpractices act,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy.The police said Thakre should not have given the task of setting the BEEE paper to her assistant, since Yadav was not authorized to do so. But this is still a suspicion, to confirm which the police have taken handwriting samples of both teachers for analysis by experts. The samples will be compared with the handwriting in the original paper.While Thakre insisted during questioning that she wrote the paper, Yadav, during her turn, told the police her superior had \"outsourced\" the task to her.The crime branch had on Tuesday arrested 14 persons including two lecturers, five students and five peons over the leak of the first-year-engineering applied physics-II and maths-II papers, and the ATKT BEEE paper. All were booked for theft and criminal breach of trust. On Thursday, the crime branch slapped on them an additional charge of forgery.Meanwhile, two of the arrested students who had sought court permission to appear for an exam were allowed to do so.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958417", "title": "I am a creative cook: Rali Nanda", "text": "Actor-cum-Odissi dancer Rali Nanda confesses that though she has grown up now, she still loves to play with cute dolls and draw cartoons during her leisure hours I am very fond of painting. In fact, the paintbrush and the canvas are my best friends. I've been painting since childhood and my parents have always encouraged me in this. I can proudly say that, despite the demands of my studies or career, I have completed more than hundred painting till date. I am hugely inspired by nature and that reflects in my painting. But cartoons are also my speciality. I sometimes present my paintings to my friends on their birthdays and when they appreciate my art, it makes me very happy.Dancing is in my blood and my first love. Whenever, due to hectic shooting schedules or other commitments I can't practice, my day feels incomplete. I have completed my in Odissi. I was the state level champion in the Odissi dance competition held in 2007. Once, when I was in Class XI, I got an opportunity to perform abroad. But, unfortunately, I couldn't avail a visa and missed that golden opportunity. I'll always have this regret. But, I hope, in future I can perform Odissi outside India and make my state proud of me.In my family, I'm a dancer and my sister, Jubuli, is a singer. She is learning classical vocals. From the very first day of her lesson, the harmonium attracted me. So, I convinced her to teach me how to play that musical instrument. So she not only teaches me how to play the harmonium but also teaches me how to sing. I am only too happy to say that I am her pupil. We regularly practice singing at home. Sometimes, our sessions stretch to three-four hours. We don't get tired at all. Instead, it's a marvellous sister-bonding time for the two of us.I'm a very religious person and my day starts with me offering prayers to God. It doesn't matter how busy I am, visiting Mangala Temple on Tuesdays and Dattatreya Temple on Thursdays is part of my weekly routine. I remember once I was participating in a state-level Odissi competition and on the day of the event, I realised that I don't have any silver ornaments. Those are the absolutely necessary accessories for the Odissi attire. So, I was completely heart-broken. Then I started praying that the judges take notice of my talent, not my lack of accessories. I stood first in that competition and I believe that's because my prayers to God were answered.Dolls are my favourite since I was a kid. Though I've grown up now, I still love to play with them. I have a habit of picking the cutest doll from any shop. So, right now, I have a huge collection of adorable dolls in my bedroom. I even buy fancy and colourful dresses and accessories for my dolls. Whenever I feel lonely, I feel they give me company just by being with me.Iconsider myself a creative cook. But my mother hardly allows me to cook full courses for lunch or dinner. So I usually help her in the kitchen. But, whenever I get an opportunity, I cook some special dishes. My sahi paneer and chilly mushroom are highly appreciated. Earlier, my parents didn't believe I can cook. So, one day, when nobody was at home, I cooked to my heart's content. My parents were very surprised and after tasting the dishes, they were absolutely delighted. From then on, they never doubted my culinary talents. Compiled by Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945676", "title": "Doctors vow to help weed out black sheep", "text": "MUMBAI: Various associations of doctors pledged on Friday to expose the medical practitioners who carry out sex-determination tests and help abort female foetuses.\"We will inform the appropriate government agencies of any doctor we suspect of carrying out sex-determination tests so that they can investigate. If a doctor is convicted, we shall publish his name and photograph in newspapers,\" said Dr Ashok Adhav, former national president of the Indian Medical Association (IMA), in a press conference after a meeting with state health minister Suresh Shetty. The IMA will also cancel the membership of any doctor against whom a court case is admitted for violating the PCPNDT Act.Dr Jignesh Thakkar, president of the Indian Radiologists Association (IRA), said his organization has already submitted the names of 25 doctors who are suspected of carrying out such tests. Representatives from IMA, IRA, Maharashtra Medical Council (MMC), Maharashtra Council of Indian Medicine and Indian Homeopathic Council attended the meeting.Shetty later said that the government has decided to change its strategy to arrest the increase in sex-determinations tests. A senior officer in Pune will provide various medical councils with info on doctors who have been charge-sheeted or convicted for flouting the PCPNDT Act so as to enable the suspension or cancellation of the doctors' licences.The government has also decided to crack down on unauthorised Medical Termination of Pregnancy (MTP) centres. \"We have asked the Centre to ban standalone sonography centres, which are rampant in small towns,\" Shetty said.In the last two days, the government has inspected 115 sonography centres and sealed 22 machines. It has also inspected 403 MTP centres and closed six. Shetty said notice boards will be posted outside sealed centres to inform the public about the action and the reason for it. Also, the health department will sensitise police personnel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944502", "title": "Do not exclude disabled kids from quota: Child Rights and You", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the state government and schools are at loggerheads over the reservation clause under the Right to Education (RTE) Act, experts are calling out for their attention to other important details. The Child Rights and You (CRY) organization said at a press conference that the inclusion of disabled children under the reservation quota is silently being ignored by the authorities.\"In most cases, only students with very little disability like learning disabilities are admitted, the rest are not even acknowledged. There must be a proper mechanism for proper implementation of various RTE rules,\" said Kanchan Pamnani, solicitor and disability, child rights activist. The activists also spoke about the less awareness and non-availability of schools in rural areas.\"Disabled children face multiple marginalization in society. As it is they are marginalized for their disability, then poverty and also on the basis of caste in rural areas. The only way to promote inclusion in society has to start with education,\" said CRY CEO Puja Marwaha. She added that one of the biggest challenges faced by the state is funding the project. \"If implementation is not proper, people will consider the project a failure two to three years down the line,\" she said, and added that schools too must figure out a mechanism that wipes out any form of discrimination once various RTE clauses are implemented.Friday was the last working day for schools to implement the clause, but most have not received any application.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943417", "title": "Siddiqui\u2019s killing will not derail probe: Cops", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as the murder of IM suspect Qateel Siddiqui has raised serious questions about prisoner security in jails, Delhi police claim they extracted whatever information they wanted from him.\"We have enough evidence against him that is why we filed the chargesheet. We are confident our chargesheet will help in convicting the other accused,\" said Ashok Chand, additional CP (special cell and crime branch).Sources said only Siddiqui was taken into custody by the Maharashtra ATS as he allegedly had a direct role in the German Bakery blast in Pune. He was questioned by the Pune unit. Other suspects are still in custody of Bangalore police and are being questioned regarding the Chinnaswamy stadium blast there.\"Siddiqui was taken to Bangalore in February and brought back to the capital. It was in May that the ATS sought his transit remand,'' said the officer. According to police, Siddiqui (27) was the first to be arrested in the IM trail from near Anand Vihar Bus Terminal here on November 22. A 9mm loaded pistol besides fake Indian currency was seized from him.Sources said he along with Mohammad Adil, a Pakistani national, were allegedly involved in the Jama Masjid incident. Siddiqui was riding the bike from where a foreign tourist was shot at. \"Two fake passports, one forged identity card of NCC and one fake driving licence in the name of Vivek Mishra were recovered,\" the official said.Siddiqui's interrogation led to the revelation that an Indian Mujahideen terrorist module was led by Ahmad Siddi Bappa alias Shahrukh alias Yasin Ahmad of Bhatkal in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13946538", "title": "Liquor sales plunge, but state coffers swell", "text": "THANE: It's probably one of the biggest turnarounds for the state government. While consumption of liquor plummeted in 2011-12, excise collections skyrocketed.The earlier year (2010-11), consumption of beer and Indian Made Foreign Liquor (IMFL) rose by 12% and 9.2% in Mumbai. However, despite this increased guzzling, excise collections for beer, IMFL and country liquor fell 8.4% -from Rs 227 crore in 2009-10 to Rs 208 crore. Cut to 2011-12, and the scenario reversed. Consumption of beer and IMFL dropped 5.2% and 6.7% in Mumbai, but total excise collections for alcohol skyrocketed by almost 16%.It was the same scenario in Thane and all other parts of Maharashtra, where excise collections for 2011-12 rose by 47.3% (as compared to 15% in 2009-10) and 44.6% (as compared to 17.7% the earlier year), respectively.High taxation and a pinching recession have been blamed for flattening liquor sales, but boosting government revenue. In 2011-12, the excise department amassed Rs 241 crore from Mumbai, Rs 888 crore from Thane and a huge Rs 8,622 crore from the whole state. The statewide revenue collected the previous year was just Rs 5,962 crore.Notably, in Mumbai last fiscal, only country liquor consumption recorded a rise-a marginal one of 0.8%-indicating a shift to cheaper alcohol.\"It is an accepted fact that as prices go up, demand falls,\" said Sanjay Mukherjee, commissioner of state excise. \"In the case of liquor, the state government imposed a 48% hike in prices in April 2011. It had an immediate impact on alcohol consumption as sales slipped by 17% in April and 16% in May, but stabilized later. However, the target for excise revenue was exceeded by close to 50%.\"Alcohol consumption statewide rose nearly 16% in 2010-11, but dropped by 3.5% last fiscal. The turnaround was stark in Thane, which saw an overall 15% rise in 2010-11, but a drop of 7.5% last year. Mumbai saw an overall rise of almost 8% in 2010-11 and a drop of 4% last year.In a sign of state tipplers staying away from more expensive brands, they drank 272 lakh litres less in 2011-12 as compared to the earlier year, and 212 lakh litres of the liquor consumed was beer and IMFL (the rest was country). Mumbai drank 37 lakh litres less beer and 23 lakh litres less IMFL in 2011-12 compared to 2010-11, while Thane drank a whopping 62 lakh litres less beer and 16 lakh litres less IMFL.Mumbai and Thane districts rank among the biggest liquor consumers in the state, but the strain on the pocket due to the sharp price rise and shrinking disposable incomes is evident. The dropping IMFL sales indicate that binge drinking-consuming several pegs in one sitting-is probably on the decline. Bottles of common whisky and rum brands are being replaced by cheaper brands or even country.\"A country liquor bottle is priced at around Rs 120, which is easy on everyone's pocket,\" said Shyam Kathuria, a liquor retailer. \"In contrast, a hard drinker who earlier paid Rs 240 for a bottle of basic rum, must now shell out Rs 380 due to high taxes. So, he is more likely to switch to a cheaper brand. The high taxes have hit sales and our incomes, which have remained static over the past year.\"An excise official said, \"Beer consumption was always up by 14 to 18% over the past three years in Thane. In contrast, sales plummeted by almost 10% in 2011-12. IMFL sales rose by a high of over 15% in 2010-11, but high taxes and a general price rise resulted in a drop by almost 8% last year.\" The official added, \"For once you can say cheers to the state government for ensuring people drink less.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13942419", "title": "Delhi University: 15,000 students to appear for English entrance test today", "text": "NEW DELHI: The English department of Delhi University will hold the common admission test for English (CATE) across 22 centres in the city from 11am on Saturday. The candidates are required to report by 10.30am.Nearly 15,000 applicants are likely to sit for CATE, the exam for admission to BA (honours) English in any of the 21 participating colleges. The test will be divided into two sections \u2014 objective and writing skills. The first section, eliminatory in nature, will have objective-type questions to check literary awareness of candidates while the second part will have a comprehension passage and an essay.The second section will be checked only if an aspirant qualifies in the first one.Admission to BA (H) English in the CATE colleges will be based on this score, which is arrived at by giving 70% weightage to the entrance test and 30% to Class XII marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944128", "title": "State defers slum transfer plan for now", "text": "MUMBAI: The government has deferred a decision on a proposal that would make more slumdwellers eligible for rehabilitation.In the run-up to civic polls, CM Prithviraj Chavan, who also heads the housing portfolio, had announced the decision to relax the eligibility criteria for slumdwellers in new redevelopment projects. Recognizing a slumdweller's right to transfer a slum structure, an amendment was to be introduced in the development control norms. While the existing norm allows only the original inhabitant of a pre-1995 (January 1) slum structure to be rehabilitated, the proposed modification will make new occupiers (including those who settled after the January 1, 1995, cut-off date) of such slum structures eligible for rehabilitation upon payment of a transfer fee.The proposed amendment seeks to limit the eligibility criteria to a structure's existence before the cut-off date. The move is expected to allow 15-20% more slumdwellers to seek rehabilitation in redevelopment schemes.In the post-election phase, the state is, however, dithering on a final decision in this regard. According to sources, the CM is concerned regarding the possibility of a further proliferation of slums and slum structures.The CM reportedly expressed this concern during a meeting with minister of state for housing Sachin Ahir and top officials on Friday. Implications of the move on a related case pending in the apex court was also discussed. Chavan ordered officials to prepare a detailed inventory of slum structures and slumdwellers. It was decided to rely only on the 1995 electoral rolls for preparation of the list. While the CM has directed officials to assign top priority to the assignment and employ expert agencies to assist in the task, sources said this exercise could take more than a month. According to sources, no consensus could emerge on other technical questions related to the move, including the issue of multiple transfers and slum rises-a term used to define shanties having two or more levels.Decks cleared for Dharavi redevptThe Dharavi redevelopment plan will finally take off. The state government has decided to expedite the process of inviting tenders for starting work on Sector 5 in Dharavi, which will be developed by Mhada.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13947036", "title": "'Tooth tattoo' to spot diseases?", "text": "LONDON: A 'tooth tattoo' made from silk strands and gold wires could be used to detect life-threatening illnesses, according to researchers. The tiny wireless device sticks to dental enamel and transmits real-time updates on chemicals in the breath and saliva. Engineers at Princeton University in America have used it to detect bacteria that causes surgical infections and stomach ulcers, and said it could also be used to recognize viruses, Sky News reported.The sensor is in the early stages of development, but the university's researchers said that it could one day be used to monitor human health with unprecedented accuracy. During a demonstration, a volunteer breathed across a prototype sensor attached to a cow's tooth. It generated an instant response which was sent to a nearby monitor.\"The antenna coil is what transmits the signal, you don't need a battery,\" Michael McAlpine, the team's principal investigator, said.Details of the invention were reported in the medical journal Nature Communications. The major advance, the researchers say, is using graphene with a biocompatible base - in this instance silk - instead of silicon. Not only is silk easier to interface on a body part, and thus more comfortable for the user, but it is also soluble, so it can wash away with water or be dissolved by enzymes and leave the graphene and antenna in place.The researchers created the device by bundling the silk and gold with graphene - an extremely thin sheet of carbon.Yet despite its complexity, it can be applied to a tooth's surface with water 'like a child's transfer tattoo', the university said.The sensor is currently too big to fit onto a human tooth, and needs further work to scale it down. The team also plans to improve the sensor so that it can withstand eating and brushing over a long period of time. \"Ideally , you want something that would be there for a while. We have a way to go before we could master that,\" McAlpine said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940057", "title": "Static magistrates to conduct polling at 150 centres", "text": "KANPUR: Voting at 150 polling centres will be held under the supervision of static magistrates. Video photography would be done.The State Election Commission has directed that a maximum of five polling booths could be raised in a polling centre and a maximum 500 voters could be attached in each booth so that long queue are not formed in the hot weather.The nagar nigam had identified around 150 polling centres where there are more than five booths. The maximum 18 booths are there in a polling centre. The administration has decided to depute a static magistrate and record the polling process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13945097", "title": "Bisne-Shetty duo enters final in Indonesia", "text": "NAGPUR: The badminton season in Nagpur will begin on Saturday but a day in advance Vaibhav Bisne gave the local sports lovers something to cheer about when the talented city shuttler made his mark in Indonesia.Bisne along with Mumbai's Chirag Shetty brought laurels to the region by storming into the Boys Under-15 final of the Yonex-Sunrise Doubles Badminton tournament in Jakarta.In the semifinals on Friday, the duo of Bisne and Shetty stunned top seeds M Fachrikar and Reza Paklevi 20-22, 23-21, 21-16.In an exciting 35-minute encounter, Bisne-Shetty lost the first game but fought back gallantly to upset the Indonesian pair with some spectacular display in the next two games. Bisne-Shetty will now take on another Indonesian pair -- Dheva Anrimusthi-Rizky Adam -- in the final on Saturday.Fourteen-year-old Bisne, a Std X student of Bhavans, is a trainee of Kiran Makode, while Shetty trains at the Uday Pawar Badminton Academy (UPBA) in Mumbai. The duo along with Lalita Katre of Mumbai are undergoing a month-long camp in Indonesia. The trio was sent to Jakarta thanks to the joint initiative of Maharashtra Badminton Association and Yonex.Earlier, before reaching the semis, Bisne-Shetty duo won three rounds, sweeping aside fourth and fifth seeds, and that too without losing a game.\"I am very happy with the result. Both Vaibhav and Chirag made us proud. Now we can say that the MBA's purpose to send them abroad has realized. Reaching final in any Indonesian tournament is not easy as the standard is very high there,\" MBA president Pradeep Gandhe told TOI on Friday.Last year, MBA for the first time had sent Mumbai's Harsheel Dani, Karishma Wadkar and Riya Pillai to Indonesia for an advanced training but they did not participate in any tourney.\"It is good that they actually got to play in the tournament during the camp. I am sure, they must have played very well to reach the finals,\" said Dani, who trains with Shetty at UPBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952124", "title": "Inside the tunnel to future", "text": "It's not just the weather or the geographical distance that sets the sizzling heart of Kolkata and the freezing terrains of Iceland worlds apart. But on a hot and humid Friday afternoon, the thrill, anticipation, mystery and elation in the pages of Jules Verne's all-time favourite, 'A Journey To The Centre Of The Earth', came alive during a descent into what one could well describe as the heart of Kolkata. The stairs that spiralled down into the unending darkness ended near a pair of railway tracks, at a depth of about 50 feet. This was no Icelandic volcano, which Verne had picked for his greatest sci-fi plunge, but the feeling was similar for a few anxious minutes during the first visit ever to an East-West Metro tunnel.The starting point was a pit dug beside Subhas Sarovar. The destination: the belly of a giant earthworm that is carving out Kolkata's future at a frenzied pace in a hubbub of activity right under the languid lake. A mud-cart pulled by a diesel loco makes the journey from the foot of the stairs and right into the Tunnel Boring Machine (TBM), the multi-tasking wonder tool that drills into the earth, scoops out the muck and places tunnel rings at the same time. The TBM, 80 metres long and almost 30 feet high, has been in action for about two months now, and has drilled almost a kilometre, from the Sarobar to Phoolbagan.The TOI team was accompanied by Subrata Gupta, managing director of the executing agency of the East-West project, Kolkata Metro Rail Corporation (KMRC). \"There is an impression that no progress in the project is being made as nothing can be made out from the surface,\" he said. The throng of evening walkers and couples who frequent the Sarobar for their hour of peace wouldn't disagree. The waters are as placid and the environs as calm as ever, despite all the commotion below.Indeed, technology can make the complex look simple. \"The 700-metre underground tunnel in the north-south Metro employed the 'cut-and-cover method' that took four years. For the same length of tunnel, it takes less than two months here,\" explained Aniruddha Roy, deputy general manager of ITD-ITD CEM Joint Venture, the contractor engaged for the tunnel work from Writers' Buildings to the Sarovar. Roy was involved in the first Kolkata Metro project three decades ago as an engineer.The diesel-cart is the TBM's constant companion, collecting the mud and carrying it to a truck. The mud is dumped as land-fill material in Dankuni or Rrajarhat. The TBM has an air-conditioned control room fitted with a number of monitors constantly measuring the earth-pressure, alignment and gradient. The temperature is always kept below 30\u00b0C.At the front of this giant earthworm is the rotating cutting wheel and an erector that places the tunnel rings. Pointing to a yellow pipe, Gupta said, \"This is our lifeline in the tunnel. Through this pipe, oxygenated air is thrown into the tunnel constantly.\"\"Power is supplied from two generators, each generating 2,000KV power to run the project,\" said Chundee Mookhan, project manager (tunnel) of the tunnel building contractor. The generators consume 5,500 litres of diesel per day, Gupta said.For, north-south metro cut-and-cover, the damage to the buildings on either side of Central Avenue, J L Nehru Road and Asutosh Mukherjee Road were huge. \"Even after the project was over, Metro railway had to pay huge compensation for the damage. To avoid this, we carried out a building condition survey along the metro alignment. On the basis of the survey, we categorized 486 buildings as good, bad, average and vulnerable. Accordingly, we formulated our underground construction strategy. In a few cases, we have strengthened the structures of the building to prevent any damage. We have put sensors to detect even hairline cracks in the foundations. The moment it is detected, we get it repaired,\" Gupta said.The most challenging part of the tunnel work will be below the river-bed. \"Two tunnel boring machines, which have been re-assembled at Howrah, would be lowered along the vertical tunnel at Howrah Maidan shortly. The first station on the other side of the Hooghly will be somewhere below the ground in between platform 15 and 17 at Howrah station. We are working overtime to finish it earlier than the scheduled date of completion. Hopefully, the twin cities will be connected by Metro by early 2015,\" said Gupta.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945487", "title": "More low-cost flights spread wings abroad", "text": "MUMBAI: Indian low-cost carriers (LCC) are expanding their wings in the international skies.On Friday, Spice Jet announced the opening of bookings for Dubai from Mumbai and Delhi from June 25. The airline had already made a small foray into international sectors with flights between Delhi-Kathmandu and Chennai-Colombo. Indigo, another LCC, also started international flights last year. Industry observers see the expansion as a boon for passengers who will get more competitive fares to choose from.Officials in the industry said GoAir has also applied for permissions to go international despite not having the requisite number of aircraft. It has 12 aircraft when the requirement for international operations is a fleet of 20. \"GoAir may get the sanctions as it has completed five years as an airline, another main criteria for international operations,\" said Kapil Kaul, CEO, Indian sub-continent and Middle East, Center for Asia Pacific Aviation (CAPA).CAPA predicts a growth of about 8% in international traffic from India. That growth, a recent report says, will be charted by one full-service carrier and the expansion of LCCs into the international sectors. The report said that while the full-service carrier would concentrate on long-haul flights, LCCs would expand to sectors that are 4-5 hours away. Spice Jet said it will launch flights to Riyadh, Kabul, Guangzhou, Bangkok and Hong Kong in the coming months.The CAPA report said Spice Jet is also studying possibilities of flying to lesser explored destinations like Almaty, Hanoi, Tehran, Tashkent and Yangon. Indigo is likely to consolidate on sectors in which it is currently operating. Indigo operates flights to Muscat, Bangkok, Dubai and Kathmandu . \"Indigo is likely to increase capacity and start flights to the same international destinations from more Indian cities,\" said Kaul.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958380", "title": "I din't miss Bollywood at all: Radhika Apte", "text": "After making acting debut in movies like 'Shor In The City', Radhika vanished from Bollywood circuit to pursue dance in London. In the beginning of a career to take such decision was a risk but Radhika stood to it. She says 'I was always very fond of dancing. I have learnt Kathak and wanted to learn contemporary. Due to some reason, I missed the chance to learn it so when I got the next opportunity I grabbed it with both hands, so for one and half year I learned this dance form in London.'She also believes that 'If you learn dance at the right age it is more beneficial. What is the use of learning dance at the age of 30? But I had a blast in London and didn't miss Bollywood at all!' After such vigorous training Radhika is planning to experiment in theatre. At the moment she is working on a dance drama with 'Aasakta' institute which will be directed by Mohit Takalkar.Radhika has recently acted in the movie 'Sant Tukaram' as his wife 'Aavali'. Radhika is very excited about her recent venture. When asked about 'Aavali', Radhika replies 'It was out of question to reject such a brilliant offer but I was tensed initially. It was not easy to play complex role like 'Aavali' since I also had language problem, but Chandu Sir (Director Chandrakant Kulkarni) helped me a lot. During the making, her tuning with actor Jitendra Joshi also helped her in portraying the role with ease.When asked about how she can manage to hide from limelight Radhika answered 'I can't do my own marketing. To earn money is not my main aim. If the situation arises in future I might do that also. I am not against commercial cinema but I don't want to be just a 'pretty face' in the movies. The role must satisfy the actor within me.'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "alwar", "code": "13942489", "title": "Gunmen flee with Rs 5L after robbing bank", "text": "ALWAR: Nine armed men barged into a bank at Udyog Nagar area in Bharatpur town on Friday and escaped with Rs 5 lakh after threatening its staff.The incident took place at the branch of State Bank of Bikaner and Jaipur (SBBJ) in the noon. Nine masked men entered the bank with weapons and started thrashing customers and employees who attempted to resist. \"They entered the cashier's room and threatened the cashier. While they were putting all the cash into a bag, the guard at the bank, Paras Ram, tried to resist. When he was about to fire from his gun, one of the men hit him on his head with the butt of a gun,\" said a police officer.They locked up some customers and employees in a room. Later they fled from the scene in an SUV with nearly Rs 5 lakh, police said. However, the men could not open one of the safes in the strong room which contained nearly Rs 10 lakh.Police said the bank was not equipped with any safety gadgets like CCTVs or alarms. However, they claimed that they have got some clues on the whereabouts of the robbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946973", "title": "Headless body Kakkar's. Whose head was it then?", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police's crime branch will register a third case of murder against Vijay Palande after forensic tests showed that although the torso recovered from Chiplun was Karankumar Kakkar's, the skull was not his. \"The forensic report has compelled us to believe that Palande may have killed somebody else and dumped his body there. We are likely to register another murder case against Palande and take his custody and interrogate him to find out the real story,\" said Himanshu Roy, joint commissioner of police (crime).Palande and his accomplice Dhananjay Shinde allegedly killed Kakkar, an aspiring film producer, in his apartment at Oberoi Springs near Link Road Andheri (W) on March 5. They then chopped the body into pieces and dumped them in the Kumbharli ghat section near Ratnagiri. Kakkar's BMW car was used to transport the body, police had claimed. In April last week, police had recovered most of Kakkar's body parts, except his legs, from the ghat at Palande's instance.The forensic report supports Kakkar's brother Hanish and mother Rita's stand that the skull could not have been his because it was too small. They were reacting to the police's claim that the skull belonged to Kakkar. However, a criminal lawyer said, \"This will not necessarily weaken the case because the police would have relied on other evidence too. Moreover, the torso has been proved to be that of Kakkar's. The recovery was made at the instance of Palande in the presence of independent witnesses. Now the onus lies on Palande to explain where he dumped other parts of the body. He is in for further trouble if the police proves that he had killed one more person.''Palande, who was convicted in a double murder in 1998 but fled while on parole, is also accused of murdering New Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in his Oshiwara apartment on April 7 this year. When a society resident spotted the victim gasping for help, the accused-Palande and his two associates-fled, leaving Tikku's body behind. The police managed to arrest them along with Palande in the case on April 10. During interrogation, the accused confessed to their involvement in the Kakkar case also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13947392", "title": "Thieves make merry in Bijapur", "text": "BIJAPUR: A series of theft cases were reported in the city limits between Wednesday night and Thursday early hours with more than Rs 4.43 lakh gold ornaments and cash burgled.Two houses located in Hamal colony and a house in Kavi was burgled by thieves. According to a complaint lodged by Nabilal Rasulsab Nagathan his house was robbed. Nagathan said 37 grams of gold, 15 tolas of silver ornaments and two mobile phones worth Rs 93,500 were stolen. In the same colony, another resident Mukabulsab Rajesab Jamadar lodged a complaint stating his house was burgled by thieves. Ten grams of gold and Rs 50,000 in cash was stolen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946098", "title": "Clueless anti-terrorism squad summons Laila's father", "text": "MUMBAI: The state anti-terrorism squad (ATS) summoned actor Laila Khan's father Nadir Patel and recorded his statement, even as it remained clueless about her mysterious disappearance over a year ago. Laila's disappearance came under police and ATS radar after alleged links between her and some terror suspects surfaced.Laila's closeness with suspected LeT militant Parvez Iqbal Tak and discovery of a Mitsubishi Outlander, registered in her mother Saleena Patel's name, at Parvez's rented shop led the ATS to probe the terror link. The vehicle was used for ferrying explosives for the Delhi high court bomb blasts.But ATS is not convinced about the terror connection and is now looking at the property angle. \"We have not got any evidence so far to prove that she had links with terror outfits. It is possible that someone used her for getting money or for some other purpose,\" a police officer said.Meanwhile, Nadir, after recording his statement, also appealed to the Mumbai police commissioner and the chief minister to expedite the search for his missing daughter and other family members. Laila, her mother, sister Azmina, stepfather Asif Shaikh and a brother left Mumbai together in February 2011 in the Outlander to Kishtwar but the J&K; police said they never reached the destination. Her father also dismissed rumours that she was in Dubai.The Outlander was allegedly gifted by Afghan Khan who is a friend of Parvez. The ATS questioned Afghan, too, and has now called Rakesh Sawant, director of movie Wafa, in which she had acted.\"Asif and Parvez have gone missing. Asif has the keys to the Mira Road house. I have written to the housing society not to allow anyone to enter the house and if anyone is spotted, to report to the police immediately,\" Nadir said, adding he has also provided the ATS with Parvez's phone numbers and some photos.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958656", "title": "Bhubaneswar celebrates Sambalpuri folk culture", "text": "The concluding evening of the Rangabati Festival in Bhubaneswar saw a colourful celebration of Sambalpuri folk culture. Singer Jitendriya Haripal stole the show performing to \"Rangabati\".That apart, many foot-tapping Samblpuri folk songs were also presented with instruments like dhol, nisan, mahuri, tasa, tamka and jhanj keeping the beat. Dancers from UKIA, a folk-dance academy from western Odisha, performed Sambalpuri dance ensembles like Karma, Parva, Dlkhai and Dhap. Mailajada, a dance form based on social customs of Western Odisha, was the concluding event of the evening.\"We had a good time watching the performances on Sambalpuri song and dance. Jitendriya Haripal's song, \"Rangabati\", was what I enjoyed the most,\" said Abinash Mohanty from the audience.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957113", "title": "GV Sudhakar to direct Balakrishna?", "text": "Actor turned director GV Sudhakar Naidu recently got the opportunity to narrate a story to 'Natasimha' Nandamuri Balakrishna. It seems that the actor was impressed with the subject line and asked the director to develop a comprehensive script. GV, who enacted in over 150 films, is ready with the bound script and is awaiting Balayya's nod. But if you ask GV whether he likes acting or direction, pat come the reply direction - and directing Balayya is a dream for him it seems.GV has already forgone couple of projects for Balayya's offer and the promising director says that he's quite prepared to wait for 20 years to wield the megaphone for Balayya. On the flip side, Balakrishna is currently busy working for Ravi Chevali's action flick \"Srimannarayana\", and GV may get the nod at anytime. Also, the director is all set to make his Bollywood debut with the film \"Shatru\" starring Nana Patekar's and Anil Kapoor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13939306", "title": "Ministry digs up more details on awards row", "text": "BANGALORE: The Union sports ministry insisted on Friday it had mailed the national sports awards proforma to the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) on January 27. BCCI had said it had not received the forms.\"In continuation of earlier facts disclosed, the ministry would like to confirm that the letters to all the sports federations were dispatched to all these organisations/ entities including BCCI on 27th Jan, 2012 as recorded by ministry's dispatch register for Postal dak- S. No 166 and file no F-4-3/12 -SP IV,\" a ministry release stated.Corroborating its statement made on Thursday that SPS Tomar, under secretary in the sports department, had spoken to a BCCI official in April, asking him to send the nominations by April 30, the ministry said: \"Shri SPS Tomar, under secretary (sports) spoke to Shri Dalpat Vadolikar, assistant manager (operations) in BCCI, Mumbai between 18-20th April, 2012, asking him to send nominations for Arjuna awards etc expeditiously since the last date for receiving such nominations was drawing to a close on 30th April, 2012.\"A senior BCCI official denied the facts. \"We have spoken to Dalpat and he said that no one from the sports ministry has spoken to him between April 18-20,\" the official told agencies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943889", "title": "Youth falls off overbridge, dies", "text": "INDORE: A youth died after falling off from an overbridge at Padeshipura here on Thursday night.According to police, the victim was identified as Neeraj Shinde. He hailed from Gwalior and was staying with his brother-in-law Rajendra Inge at Nanda Nagar. The police said Neeraj came to the city around a month ago.The passersby noticed the body lying on road and informed the police. He was rushed to MY Hospital where he was declared brought dead.It is still not clear whether Neeraj's death was an accident or an intended murder. Police are investigating the case.Meanwhile, the police have registered a murder case after it found a half-burnt body of Sanjay alias Sanju Chouhan of Musakhedi two days ago. The head of the body was smashed. Earlier, the police were reluctant to take it as a murder but they finally registered a case on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13949023", "title": "There are no takers for this 116-year-old school", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Even as schools across the state ushered in the new academic year on a festive note, gloom prevailed in Cheruvannur ALP School. The reason: not even a single child turned up for admissions to Class I.Step into the school and you would feel as if you were caught in a time wrap. The century-old building and the worn-out benches and empty classrooms tell the story of an institution long neglected. The ALP School was the first school in the Cheruvannur-Nallalam panchayat when it was opened in 1896, and it used to have a lot of students.Today the school has just nine students, with two students in Class II, a single student in Class III and six students in Class IV. The school got a breather two weeks ago when one student turned up for admission to Class III, to become the lone student in that class.With just two teachers, including the headmistress, to take care of the three classes, the school's academic activities often border on the bizarre. A single teacher takes classes simultaneously for Class II and Class III in a single room. Obviously, the activity-oriented learning on which the LP School curriculum in the state is based is totally impractical here.\"We are waiting for at least a single student to turn up (for Class I), but the chances are slim,\" said Vimala A, the school headmistress.She added that academic activities had been severely hampered because of the shortage of students. \"We cannot carry out group activities with just one or two students.And that has been a limiting factor which is preventing parents from sending their children to the school. If one of us takes leave or goes for some official meeting, then the school has to be run by just one teacher, she said.The management cannot appoint more teachers as the school falls under the 'uneconomic schools' category having less than 100 students. School manager Vijaya Narayanan, himself an alumnus of the school, reminisced the good old days when the school started by his great grandfather as an Ezhuthu Pallikoodam, had plenty of students.\"When I was a student here, there were around 300 students and 10 divisions. The school started experiencing sharp decline in number of students when English medium schools started mushrooming in the area,\" he said.He said a teacher in the school had been transferred to the Government Fisheries LP Schools at Chaliyam two years ago as this school didn't have enough divisions.\"Now that there are three classes functioning in the school, that teacher should be shifted back,\" he said, adding that he had requested the district education authorities to post the teacher back.Krishna Kumar, assistant educational officer, Feroke said the school not having enough teachers would lead to dilution of academic standards. \"There is time till June14 for new admissions to Class I, we will take a final student count only after that,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946094", "title": "Labourer dies in slab collapse near Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus", "text": "MUMBAI: The monsoon is yet to arrive in the city, but following a brief spell of showers on Friday, a concrete slab on the third floor of a BMC market building near Manish Market collapsed, killing a labourer. Several crucial civic services and their departments operate out of the same building.Vijay Chorghe, who worked at wholesale fish market Shivaji Mandi adjoining Crawford Market, was walking below the building when the slab collapsed and crushed him to death. The incident occurred around 8.30 in the morning. An eye witnesses, Balram Kadam, said, \"Around four to five labourers were walking by the building when the concrete slab came loose and crashed down. Besides Chorghe being fatally injured, another person also sustained a minor injury after being hit by the falling debris.\"The other labourers, who were at the site, claimed that the rescue relief machinery, which included a fire brigade, took two hours to arrive on the spot. \"Immediately after the mishap, we called for help but the fire brigade and the police reached the spot after 10am. Some of us put Vijay in the back of a tempo and took him to St George hospital,\" said Lalu Bhai. Dr D R Kulkarni, medical superintendent at the hospital, confirmed that Chorghe was brought dead on arrival. \"The slab collapse caused multiple skull fractures and he succumbed to his head injuries,\" Kulkarni added.Though a civic body official claimed that \"a heavy spell of showers might have caused the collapse\", the civic website showed that the area near CST received merely 0.25mm rainfall in the morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940038", "title": "Bisne-Shetty duo enters final in Indonesia", "text": "NAGPUR: The badminton season in Nagpur will begin on Saturday but a day in advance Vaibhav Bisne gave the local sports lovers something to cheer about when the talented city shuttler made his mark in Indonesia.Bisne along with Mumbai's Chirag Shetty brought laurels to the region by storming into the Boys Under-15 final of the Yonex-Sunrise Doubles Badminton tournament in Jakarta.In the semifinals on Friday, the duo of Bisne and Shetty stunned top seeds M Fachrikar and Reza Paklevi 20-22, 23-21, 21-16.In an exciting 35-minute encounter, Bisne-Shetty lost the first game but fought back gallantly to upset the Indonesian pair with some spectacular display in the next two games. Bisne-Shetty will now take on another Indonesian pair - Dheva Anrimusthi-Rizky Adam - in the final on Saturday.Fourteen-year-old Bisne, a Std X student of Bhavans, is a trainee of Kiran Makode, while Shetty trains at the Uday Pawar Badminton Academy (UPBA) in Mumbai. The duo along with Lalita Katre of Mumbai are undergoing a month-long camp in Indonesia. The trio was sent to Jakarta thanks to the joint initiative of Maharashtra Badminton Association and Yonex.Earlier, before reaching the semis, Bisne-Shetty duo won three rounds, sweeping aside fourth and fifth seeds, and that too without losing a game.\"I am very happy with the result. Both Vaibhav and Chirag made us proud. Now we can say that the MBA's purpose to send them abroad has realized. Reaching final in any Indonesian tournament is not easy as the standard is very high there,\" MBA president Pradeep Gandhe told TOI on Friday.Last year, MBA for the first time had sent Mumbai's Harsheel Dani, Karishma Wadkar and Riya Pillai to Indonesia for an advanced training but they did not participate in any tourney.\"It is good that they actually got to play in the tournament during the camp. I am sure, they must have played very well to reach the finals,\" said Dani, who trains with Shetty at UPBA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947244", "title": "Panchayat byelection results today", "text": "RANCHI: Counting for the second phase of panchayat byelection will take place on Saturday to decide the fate of 713 candidates who contested for the post of ward member, mukhiya and panchayat samiti member. Polling for 447 seats in 14 districts of the state took place on last Wednesday.State election commissioner S D Sharma on Friday said that all preparations, including security arrangement, have been made to ensure peaceful counting of votes in the 14 districts.\"The election was organized for 780 posts. Of these, 457 candidates contested in the fray unopposed,\" said Sharma.A total of 308 women candidates participated in the fray for the posts of ward member, 10 for the post of mukhiya and 42 for panchayat samiti.Sharma said that since electronic voting machine (EVM) was used for the panachayat election the results will be announced in phases since Saturday afternoon. The counting is expected to be completed by evening. The districts where counting will take place includes Garhwa, Palamu, Latehar, Hazaribagh, Koderma, Deoghar, Dumka, Dhanbad, Ramgarh, Lohardaga, Gumla, Simdega, West Singbhum and Saraikela-Kharsawa. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943913", "title": "Monsoon woes for Indore civic body", "text": "INDORE: Indore Municipal Corporation (IMC) seems to be used to learning its lessons the hard way. After the monsoons sent the city traffic out of gear last year, the first showers (6.8 mm) this season 'exposed' the civic body's preparedness for the monsoon ahead. It's attempt to host a review meeting of monsoon preparedness on Friday, a day after pre-monsoon shower lashed the city, seemed to be 'too little too late' efforts to save the city from yet another season of traffic chaos and hygiene woes. During the meet, IMC bosses made several instructions to its officials to deal with any eventualities during monsoon and asked them to speed up the disilting works. Each zone officials were instructed to prepare an action plan on the basis of last year's experience and form a 'monsoon team'. Instructions have also been made to clean nullahs, back lines and drainage systems.However, arrival of monsoon is just a matter of few days and citizens say that it was too late to make any efforts to prevent chocking the life of city during the monsoon. Uday Sontake, an engineer said that monsoon is at the city's door-steps and now the civic body making move to deal with the rains, is too late. \"Even if the civic officials work day and night now, they will not be able to finish the job in time,\" he stressed.Zonal officials were instructed to identify the place where people can be shifted in case of flooding.During monsoon and heavy rain people can call help-line numbers 9329555201, 9329555201 and 2535555 in case of water logging, flooding and building collapse. For health related problems, one may call on 2434460, the civic body informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943308", "title": "House surgency for private students in govt colleges", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In an unusual order, the health department has decided to allow students of self-financing medical colleges to perform house surgency in government hospitals across the state amid strong protest from government doctors. The Kerala Government Medical Officers Association (KGMOA) has decided not to cooperate with the students.The health department has already started this on a pilot basis at hospitals in Kanyakulangara and Vithura in Thiruvananthapuram.Though the government has not taken any policy decision on this, the district medical officers have been given the message that the respective hospitals can have an agreement with the colleges concerned on the matter.The interesting part is that private medical colleges have started choosing the hospitals on their own. While most self-financing colleges prefer government hospitals in their locality, there is huge demand for general hospitals and district hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955596", "title": "Rimjhim Gupta the busy bee", "text": "Rimjhim Gupta has her hands full. She has fin ished shooting for Buddhadeb Dasgupta's \" Krishnakali Ami Tarei Boli\" and will be seen next in Kanauj Das' \"Holud Pakhir Dana\" and debu tant Apurba's \"Adhunik\".About \"HPD\", where she's paired opposite Dibyendu, the girl says, \"We both play doctors, who fall in love with each other. The film is a romantic tragedy, where I also portray a cancer patient. It's an intense love story.\" In Adhunik Rimjhim plays a school teacher, whose friend ( Bhaswar Chatterjee) loses his memory while trying to save her.The project, however, is stuck in the cans \"I don't know when shooting will resume. But I am really excited about Krishnakali Ami Tarei Boli . It's a bilingual film and my dialogues are in Hindi The movie will release around September and may also be screened nationwide,\" she says excitedly. We like, we like!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13957902", "title": "Knowledge partnership, a connivance of senior health officials and medical college", "text": "INDORE: The proposed Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between Mahatma Gandhi Medical College (MGMC) and Sri Aurobindo Institute of Medical Sciences (SAIMS) on knowledge partnership is allegedly a result of connivance of senior health authorities and private parties.The desperation of government officials to make a tie up can be gauged from the fact that government stealthily formed a three-member committee to check the feasibility of partnership without informing Dean of the medical college.The committee in MGM, Indore received letter from officials in state capital on March 9, which unlike their usual nature, submitted its approval report in 24 hours. However, the dean received the same letter on March 14. On contrary, the committee without informing dean of the college submitted its report four days earlier. All the three committee members are those who are close to chairman of SAIMS.According to the sources, the SAIMS is looking the flow of the patients in wake of this partnership. Thanks to the government, MGMC is already struggling to strengthen its infrastructure and now it will die of slow poison and ultimately government inviting bid for Public Private Partnership (PPP) after declaring college running into losses.Though a section of doctors who are not affected by the proposed MoU is protesting, real faces are still on back stage fearing that if MoU occurs they might have to work in SAIMS in near future. Other reasons include a number of children belonging to doctors fraternity are studying in SAIMS. Few are against the MoU as they loose commission which they in referring patients to private hospitals, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943394", "title": "Narendra Modi\u2019s bete noire, Sanjay Joshi stripped of party role", "text": "NEW DELHI: BJP chief Nitin Gadkari on Friday stripped Sanjay Joshi, Narendra Modi's bete noire, of all party responsibilities, completing the capitulation before Modi.The Gujarat CM secured Joshi's exit from the party's national executive as the price for attending the meeting of the key decision-making body last month in Mumbai, but was insisting on Joshi being divested of all key responsibilities as the pre-condition for a durable ceasefire with the party leadership and the RSS.The latest concession to Modi should cement his understanding with Gadkari and his mentors in the RSS.Gujarat CM had threatened to quitBJP chief Nitin Gadkari's decision to accept Sanjay Joshi's resignation confirms the party's willingness to propitiate Narendra Modi as well as his growing desire to leverage his popularity with the base to extract his pound of flesh. Modi attended the party's Mumbai national executive on a triumphant note, overshadowing everyone else, although it was supposed to be Gadkari's show.Joshi's sidelining also attests to his new-found desire to project power at the centre. According to sources Gadkari had tried to persuade him to go easy on Joshi, now that he had secured his ouster from national executive. However, he gave in when the Gujarat CM stuck to his demand to remove Joshi from BJP affairs altogether. This is the second instance of a RSS pracharak on loan to the BJP being unceremoniously dumped to appease powerful party leaders. In 2000, party general secretary K N Govindacharya was removed from the party at the instance of the then PM Atal Bihari Vajpayee.Govindacharya, seen by many as the party's ideologue and the man behind party's experiment at social engineering, had incurred Vajpayee's wrath by describing him as a \"mask\", saying that it was Advani who called the shots.A detractor of Modi who played a role in the latter being banished from Gujarat during the chief ministership of Keshubhai Patel, Joshi had been in Modi's crosshairs for long. Modi had threatened to resign along with other members of the BJP national executive from Gujarat, if Joshi had been allowed to continue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943670", "title": "SC notice to Centre, Rajasthan, Haryana on illegal mining", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Friday sought response from the Centre and the Rajasthan and Haryana governments on allegations that large scale illegal mining and depletion of forest cover was taking place in the two states.A bench of justices K S Radhakrishnan and J S Khehar issued notice on an application moved by NGO, Society for Awareness and Development, which alleged that the states were wilfully violating the apex court's earlier directions of March 8, 2005 and February 19, 2010 restraining all types of illegal mining and depletion of forest cover.The petitioner claimed that on account of the illegal mining, about 16 labourers have died in blasting and other connected activities.It cited one specific incident of 25 August, 2011 in Bhiwani tehsil when six people died and another incident of May 18 this year in which 10 people perished in illegal mining in village Choharpur, where bodies of only three labourers have been recovered so far.According to the application, the Central Empowered Committee (CEC) had submitted a detailed report on January 4 2010, about large scale illegal mining in the state but the state government chose to \"ignore\" such activities.The CEC had observed that there is massive illegal mining taking place in the reserved forest area falling under Udhanwas village where at several places the hillock has been completely blasted out for the purpose of carrying out illegal mining.The CEC, in its report, had also emphasized that large scale illegal mining was on account of lack of environment clearance in relation to thousands of mines operating in less than five hectares of land, the application said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940285", "title": "Nagpur University's updated engg syllabus soon", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur University would be releasing its much-awaited syllabus and scheme of examinations for the first year engineering courses next week. The move came after college managements complained to vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal of inordinate delay on the part of engineering Board of Studies (BoS) to release the syllabus even as academic year is commencing from July 1.\"We will release it next week,\" engineering dean Ravindra Kshirsagar told TOI. He added that the engineering faculty was undergoing a major change from this year with introduction of semester pattern. NU was the only university in the state not to implement this pattern. In fact, its syllabus was not upgraded for over a decade leading to a lot of problems for the students. NU will also introduce credit system.The dean admitted that preparation of new syllabus took time as a lot of changes were done and care had to be taken to prevent legal challenges in future. \"We wanted to give a fool-proof syllabus. Moreover, credit system is a bit complicated,\" Kshirsagar said. He acknowledged he had read about syllabus not being upgraded for a decade in TOI and started acting on it since then.NU is having 58 engineering colleges under its jurisdiction and many of them had approached TOI expressing apprehension over delay in releasing syllabus and scheme of exams. They stated that due to semester pattern, exams would now be conducted in November-December and they might not be able to complete the syllabus by then.TOI highlighted their problems on May 12 after which the NU administration swung into action. Even Vidarbha Economic Development council (VED) had expressed concern over the degrading standards of education, especially in engineering faculty. The college managements earlier claimed that engineering BoS had diluted the syllabus by not granting enough weightage to subjects like mathematics, English, basic sciences and humanities. They stated that draft syllabus prepared by then engineering dean Dinesh Agrawal was a better one. According to them, removing humanities would have an adverse impact on the employability of staff members. They also objected to the admission criterion that was reduced to 45% stating that it will result in a decline in students' quality.Kshirsagar categorically denied such claims, questioning the managements about their source of their information when NU was yet to issue new syllabus.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940493", "title": "BEd counselling off to a \u2018harried\u2019 start, extended till late night", "text": "KANPUR: The students who went to attend the much-awaited BEd counselling here on Friday on its first day were a harried lot as it got extended till late in the night at various centers. The counselling also commenced a bit late as usual followed with serpentine server fluctuations.Hundreds of students had turned up at five centers for BEd counseling, including Computer Centre, Kanpur University, DAMS Management Institute, SSA Institute, Naraina Institute of Management and Naraina Institute of Information Technology and Management. The long wait due to snag in the computer server gave the students a tough time. Reportedly poor management at the centers also gave a late start to the counselling. Even the registration work was not concluded at various canters till 4 pm.It is important to mention here that the BEd counseling, which was to start from June 8 at 9 am, could not begin till 12 noon. This three hours delay was due to mismanagement at the centres. This time Ram Manohar Lohia Avadh University conducted the BEd exam across the state.A senior faculty member of Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University, Kanpur, confirmed that the counselling began a bit late which forced the students to wait as they had no other option. The long delay occurred due to slow registration processes as well. The students had reached the university campus before the reproting time of 9 am and carried out the basic formalities to participate in the counselling session.Once this was done, the students were allowed to sit for the choice filling session so that they could choose a college of their liking. Several students on this occasion locked their college of preference and left the centre with fingers crossed, hoping that they would get their preferred college. Most of the city-based students gave preference to those colleges that run BEd course in the city. Outstation candidates tried locking those colleges which were either situated in their city or was in the vicinity of their place.It was in this entire fashion that the counselling went on across all the five centres in the city.\"At the time of filling of this report, 470 students at Computer Centre, CSJMU, had completed their choice filling. While, only 50% steudents were able to fill their choice at other centers till 9 pm, said Sandeep Singh, BEd counselling co-ordinator at Camputer Centre, CSJM University, while talking to TOI.He also informed that the counselling at the other three centres was continuing and may end late in the evening.This had happened due to the server snag and the slow speed of counselling.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13947875", "title": "CM says IAS officer was shunted as he did not know about excise department", "text": "Panaji: Defending his decision to transfer Jaidev Sarangi, an IAS officer, from the post of commissioner of excise, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said that he did so after he found that the officer did not have proper information about excise and that \"excise is slightly sensitive department\".In a sudden development on Thursday, the government transferred Sarangi and replaced him with an officer of Goa civil services, Menino D'Souza, who was director of panchayats. Sarangi was appointed excise commissioner less than a month ago.This was the third excise officer transferred in less then three months after the Parrikar-led coalition came to power. Parrikar also said that transfers of government servants are his prerogative and added, \"I feel that former panchayat director Menino D' Souza would be better officer. Sarangi has been asked to report to the personnel department and waiting for posting. \"I will utilize him somewhere\", Parrikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13941979", "title": "New cartoon row, this one on anti-Hindi riots", "text": "CHENNAI: Even before the din over a school textbook cartoon of B R Ambedkar had died down, a fresh row erupted over a cartoon on the anti-Hindi agitation in Tamil Nadu.MDMK chief Vaiko on Friday shot off a letter to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal , seeking the removal of a cartoon in the NCERT class XII political science textbook because it distorted history and hurt Tamil sentiments. PMK leader S Ramadoss joined in to say the cartoon insulted the protests in the 1960s over imposition of Hindi in education that left eight people dead.\"The cartoon depicts Tamil students in poor light\" portraying them as \"merely indulging in violence\", Vaiko said in his letter to Sibal and NCERT director Parvin Sinclair .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947040", "title": "Mini gun factory busted, arms found", "text": "RANCHI: A mini gun factory was unearthed in Chatra district on Friday afternoon. Two persons were caught repairing guns in a factory at Pinjani village, 180 km from here. The arrested persons were identified as Ramdhani Mistry (45) and Ram Chandra Mistry (30).Chatra SP Anup Birthary said five country-made guns, one pistol, three mobile phones, two cameras, firing pins and other machines were recovered from the spot. The development took place under Kunda police station situated in Naxalite-affected area. The 190 CRPF battalion and Kunda police were carrying out operations in the area. \"Those arrested are not Naxalites but they provide support to the rebels. The arrested are being interrogated,\" said the SP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13954576", "title": "French Open title special for Bhupathi and Sania", "text": "For Mahesh Bhupathi, lifting the mixed doubles trophy with Sania Mirza Malik at the French Open was extra special.One because it was his birthday on June 7 and he couldn't have asked for a better gift. Sania even wished him after the win and told the crowd that now she needn't worry about getting him a gift!The second reason is of course his winning the Grand Slam for the first time as a father. Mahesh dedicated the trophy to his four-month-old daughter.Post her wedding to Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik in 2010, Sania has always been in the news for her injuries or her marriage. This win definitely helps her wipe the slate clean. And now that she returns victorious, she feels she deserves a wild card in the Olympics.She was quoted last month by TOI, as saying: \"I am an optimist and I think I've done well enough to deserve a wild card. As far as I know, the wild cards go to the most deserving players from countries that are not represented in the event.\"Sania Mirza-Malik @MirzaSania Thank you all for ur support and love..and mostly thanks to @Maheshbhupathi for being the best partner and friend in the world :)@Maheshbhupathi: Thanks @MirzaSania .. Tough to beat that birthday present :) and to all of u in the stadium who sang Happy Birthday. #veryspecial...Sonakshi Sinha @sonakshisinha @MirzaSania congratulations!!! U make us proud :DRahul Bose @RahulBose1 Fantastic stuff @maheshbhupathi &amp; sania mirza! Mahesh, what a great 21st birthday present! (if anyone says 38, ask them to watch you play)Amitabh Bachchan @SrBachchan T 767 - AND .. Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi win the mixed doubles final at Roland Garros Tennis .. Yippee !! BUCK UP INDIA !!!!Riteish Deshmukh @Riteishd Huge congratulations to @Maheshbhupathi &amp; #saniamirza for winning the French Open. @DuttaLara aapke (bhu) PATI ne toh kamaal kar diyaAli Zafar @AliZafarsays Congratulations!!!! \"@MirzaSania: Yes yes yes yes.. :) first and foremost thank u Allah..\"mandira bedi @mandybedi Big congratulations &amp; all the best to @Maheshbhupathi &amp; sania mirza for making it to the Mixed Double finals of the French open! Oui to go!!Farah Khan @TheFarahKhan Congrats 2 my dearst friend Sania n Mahesh 4 winning the french open!CONGO !boman irani @bomanirani @DuttaLara @Maheshbhupathi So very proud!!!!!!!!Neha Dhupia @Neha_Dhupia Big congratulations to my friends @MirzaSania and @Maheshbhupathi ... You have made us all so proud!Neil Nitin Mukesh @NeilNMukesh @Maheshbhupathi birthday wishes and a super congratulations on the victory ! Keep at it bro ! :) love to all at home :)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13939407", "title": "The fountainhead of spiritual knowledge", "text": "On Friday, celebrations of Hazrat Ali's birth anniversary reached a feverish pitch at Koh-e-Maula Ali or the hillock of Maula Ali located in Malkajgiri. The processions that started on Thursday night from different quarters of the Old City turned up at the hillock by dawn to coincide with the Shia Muslim belief that Hazrat Ali was brought out of Kaaba in Mecca, his birthplace, three days after he was born on 13th of Rajab, the seventh month of Islamic calendar. Prophet Mohammed, who was waiting outside Kaaba, took the baby in his hands and named him Ali.The hillock does not have a dargah or a grave or an alam or insignia. There is a legend about how the shrine came up on this hillock. Yaqut, an employee in the court of Ibrahim Qutub Shah, the third sultan of Qutub Shahi dynasty, was a devout follower of Hazrat Ali. He saw Hazrat Ali in his dream one day, sitting on a rock on the hilltop. After waking up, Yaqut went to see the rock and to his amazement found the imprint of the hand of Hazrat Ali on it. He got it cut carefully and constructed an arch around it. That was in 1578, 13 years before the construction of Charminar.Since Hazrat Ali is revered by the entire Muslim community, Koh-e-Maula Ali has become a pilgrimage centre, especially for the Shias. It provides a connection of sorts with Hazrat Ali whose father Abu Talib was Prophet Mohammed's paternal uncle. His mother Fatima bin Asad was from the same Quraish clan of Prophet Mohammed.When Prophet Mohammed was born sometime after the death of his father Abdullah, the orphan came under the care of his grandfather Abdul Mutallib. The prophet was still young when he lost his grandfather too. At that point, Abu Talib took custody of the Prophet and gave him love, care and support. And when Hazrat Ali was about six years of age, the economic situation at the household of Abu Talib became too weak to support a large family. Prophet Mohammed intervened and took Ali under his care.According to historical sources Ali, who was born in 600 Gregorian Era (some historians say it was 598 or 599), accepted Islam when he was only about 10 years of age and became the first male child to get into the Muslim fold. Prophet Mohammed gave his daughter Bibi Fatima in marriage to Ali. Hazrat Hasan and Hazrat Hussain, sons of Hazrat Ali and Bibi Fatima, have achieved the status of iconic figures in Islamic history.Hazrat Ali enjoys a unique position in Islam. He was the cousin and son-in-law of the Prophet, no male progeny of whom survived. An authority in Islami jurisprudence he was known for his adl or justice. He is considered the fountainhead of spiritual knowledge. He is the fourth and last guided caliphs of Islam and followed by Shia Muslims as the first Imam. Most of the Sufi orders trace their origin to Hazrat Ali.Perhaps after Prophet Mohammed, he is the most written about personalities of the faith. One of the noted works on him is Nahj Al-Balagha, the Way of Eloquence, compiled by Al-Shareef Al-Radi. It contains sermons, letters and quotations attributed to Hazrath Ali.The great persona of Hazrat Ali influences a great majority of people beyond the parameters of Islamic faith. Unfortunately such a personality is also used by some forces to divide the Muslims into Sunnis and Shias.Even in Hyderabad, attempts are made to pitch the two communities against each other. Such moves have to be nipped in the bud by sane elements. The belief is anyone who follows the teachings of Hazrat Ali in their true spirit will desist from hate mongering. This belief should prevail at all cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938277", "title": "HC upholds varsity order on salaries in private colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: A set of administrative norms prescribed by Bharathiyar University for self-financing colleges cannot be interfered with as they do not affect the rights of college managements in any manner, the Madras high court has said.Justice K Chandru, dismissing a writ petition filed by the Association of Self-Financing Arts and Science Management Colleges of Tamil Nadu on Tuesday, said the colleges could not find fault with the university for reminding them about their obligation under law. The matter relates to two circulars issued by the university in 2007, prescribing norms such as salaries to staff members under UGC pay scale, constitution of college committees and councils for better management of the institution. Besides, it wanted the colleges to build separate hostels for boys and girls.Assailing the guidelines, the association contended that they affected the rights of the managements to run educational institutions.Upholding the legality of the impugned guidelines, Justice Chandru said the university could certainly impose conditions required for academic excellence. Pointing out that some of the conditions in the circular were already stated in the Tamil Nadu Private Colleges (Regulation) Act, the judge said the university was only re-stating the provisions it found in the act.Conditions for affiliation, such as forming a college committee and appointment of staff, were already found in the act, he said, dismissing the writ petition of the association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13947315", "title": "Harike \u2018unsafe\u2019 for wildlife staff, says sanctuary DFO", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The renowned Harike wildlife sanctuary may no longer be \"safe\" wither for rare migratory birds or those entrusted with its protection. A letter to the ADGP, security, Punjab Police, highlights the inability of unarmed staff of the forests and wildlife preservation department to protect themselves from the danger to life and limbs posed by the land mafia and poachers there.The letter seeks the intervention of ADGP to secure police protection to staff so that they can undertake wildlife conservation work.Two days after three wildlife officials were injured and three others, including Constable Resham Singh, suffered minor injuries in an attack by land mafia, backed by nomads, DFO (wildlife) at Harike, Sanjeev Tiwari, has written to the ADGP stating, \"In the absence of proper police protection, attacks by land mafia have increased. Whenever the range in-charge or field staff try to prevent encroachment of sanctuary land, they are given threats. Since the staff does not have weapons, it is not possible to take action against poachers and land mafia. When the field staff tried to stop the Gujjars from encroaching, the latter attacked the field staff.''Nearly 1,000 acres of Harike have come under threat from land mafia as there are only two policemen on duty at Harike. In fact, on June 4, 2012, when Resham Singh accompanied the wildlife staff to check the land mafia, he did not take his rifle along and declared that he was not authorised to fire.Tiwari's letter points out that from 2001-2009, five cops each from police districts of Ferozepur, Tarn Taran and Kapurthala were deputed at Harike. However, after 2010, only two cops from Tarn Taran were made available to Harike. \"You are requested to restore the police force and direct the SSPs of Tarn Taran, Ferozepur and Kapurthala,'' wrote Tiwari, with a copy of the letter marked to chief wildife warden, Dhirendra K Singh.The attack on June 4 is the third major assault on wildlife staff at Harike. The most brutal attack took place on March 5, 2001, when elements of land mafia and fish poachers opened fire on a patrol party on a motorboat. Many of the staff were injured, including Ajit Singh, who suffered permanent disability due to a bullet fired from a .315 bore rifle. Again, on February 2, 2011, a posse of wildlife staff had impounded a boat and motorcycle of the land mafia at Kot Kemp Khan on Satluj river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946374", "title": "Shutterbugs, music &amp; modern times", "text": "Framed and fabled, still images taken with a story-telling momentum are akin to films. The photography exhibition, 'An Ensemble of Stories', encapsulates a series of images between hills, rivers, landscapes and architectural monuments from across the world.Underlying each picture is a story from the eyes of photographers Achintya, Akash, Arundhati, Birashis, Kaushik, Mrinal, Pulak, Rajarshi, Sarthak and Santanu, who regularly contribute to websites and international photography magazines. \"As a group of 10, we shoot pictures on the go. Through this exhibition, we want to tell stories that have captured our imagination and shutterbugs,\" says Akash Bhattacharya.Each picture is captioned with the photographer's connection to the world beyond the lens.An Ensemble of Stories Hanumantha Rao Art Gallery, Bharatiya Vidya Bhavan June 9 and 10: Noon to 7 pmFine music is the result of well-integrated connections between musicians of diverse emotions. 'Eight Hands Two Grands', a piano concert by Bangalore School of Music (BSM), is a confluence of music in chronological form, ranging from compositions of the classical era to modern times, and the romance in between. Bringing alive many compositions by Bach, Ravel, Mendelssohn, Piazolla, Tariverdiev, Beethoven, Moszkowski and Khachaturian are Bangalore-based pianists Rebecca Thomas, Berenice da Gama Rose, Neecia Majolly and Bethel Tsuzu Therie.\"The concert is unique because each duo will play its own piece and come together in the end,\" says Aruna Sunderlal, founder, BSM. For, when you give a solo performance, you know you are a master. When you play in tandem, the result is exquisite.Eight Hands Two Grands At Alliance Francaise June 9, 7pmNo man can live solo. No woman either, as depicted in the play, 'Once, on that Street'.Playwright and director Swetanshu Bora depicts the life of Maya, a 31-year-old successful woman, living with two flatmates Shekhar and Kiran. \"This play explores the liberties we take, considering the progressive environment we are in. It tries to understand the classic culture that's come about with people sharing apartments and creating an interesting potpourri of emotions. This forms the sub-text of the play in a natural setting, showing how two love stories can go awry,\" explains Bora.Once, on the Street Ranga Shankara June 9 and 10, 3.30pm and 7.30pm", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13941886", "title": "Class IX boy fails in exam, kills himself", "text": "BANGALORE: A 13-year-old student committed suicide by hanging himself from the ceiling fan of his residence at Ayyappa Layout, near HAL, on Thursday afternoon.Pramod Kumar, a class IX student of Kairali Nilayam School in Islampur, near HAL, was upset over failing in the exam, the results of which were declared two days earlier.His parents, both HAL employees, had gone to the school on Thursday and pleaded in vain with the authorities to promote their son. They later dropped their son home, consoled him and left for work.Pramod's father Kumar later his called his son on the landline in their residence. As there was no response, he asked a few relatives nearby to rush home. The relatives found the door of Kumar's residence locked from inside. On peeping through window, they found Pramod hanging from the ceiling fan in the hall. The boy had used his mother's sari to hang himself. He had not left behind any note.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940299", "title": "Encroachments removed from Govind Nagar", "text": "KANPUR: The anti-encroachment drive by Kanpur Nagar Nigam (KNN) continued on Friday. Hundreds of illegal structures and establishments were removed from the busy Govind Nagar Chauraha on Friday.The drive was carried out in the afternoon period from Parag Doodh dairy and covered Nirala Nagar to end at Govindpuri overbridge. The encroachers and shopkeepers tried to protest but they could not do so in the presence of heavy police force.The squad proceeded with two JCB bulldozers and raised 40 hutments of poor pottery and statue makers living on the roadsides.One big 'dhaba' and several shanty shops and tea stalls, 27 boundary walls extended on roads were removed. The KNN officials warned the locals and shopkeepers not occupy the roads and footpaths again. The drive would continue on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "rajouri garden", "code": "13944916", "title": "International Punjabi film fest enriches film-maker", "text": "RAJOURI GARDEN: Punjabi film maker Ravinder Singh Ranguwal says the time he spent at the five-day Punjabi International Film Festival (PIFF) held at Toronto , Canada, is an unforgettable experience. More than 80 films related to Punjab and Punjabis were screened at the festival apart from several films in English and other languages.''The atmosphere was eclectic at the fest as film lovers from across the world attended it,' says Ranguwal.The festival started on May 18 and concluded on May 23. Several screens installed at different locations had various films running throughout, says Ranguwal.Punjabi film maker Ravinder Singh Ranguwal, who attended Punjabi International Film Festival (PIFF) in Canada says he got an opportunity to watch many documentaries, short films and tele-films in languages other than Punjabi. ''The festival provided an opportunity to exchange Punjabi culture with a global audience from different cultural backgrounds,'' adds Ranguwal, who stays in Rajouri Garden.''I gained a lot of information just being present there. The Punjabi films screened there included even the new ones apart from the old classics. Among those screened were Jeet Matharoo's ''Kudesan'' and Gurvinder Singh's ''Anhe Ghode Da Daan'', he narrates.Many Punjabi actors and singers from India, including Neeru Bajwa, Kimmi Verma, Jasbir Jassi, Gippi Grewal and Labh Janjua attended the fest.Ranguwal says he had shot the Labh Janjua's first music video and has also shot a video for his upcoming album at Niagara Falls in Canada.He says the budding filmmakers must keep in mind to be not influenced by western culture but just learn the technical advancements in film making, which can be utilized to make films based on Punjabi essence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13952356", "title": "Facility for 23 hospitals handles waste from 3,200", "text": "KOCHI: Every day, 32 trucks navigate central Kerala's roads to ferry hospital waste from 3,200 hospitals, with total bed strength of 76,000, to Palakkad.This huge amount of waste is incinerated using a facility set up in 2004, meant for handling waste generated from just 23 hospitals with bed strength of 490.The basic incongruity and potential hazards of this arrangement can well be imagined.Known as IMAGE (Indian Medical Association Goes Eco-friendly), this bio-medical waste treatment and disposal facility uses incinerators, autoclaves, shedders, compactors effluent treatment plant to treat and dispose it, Dr C K Chandrasekharan, president of IMAGE, told ToI.Ash from the incinerator is transported to TSDF (Treatment Storage Disposal Facility) for hazardous waste set up by the Kerala Enviro Infrastructure Limited (KEIL) at Kalamassery near Kochi and is used there mainly as landfill, with appropriate precautions.Kerala State Pollution Control Board (PCB) Chairman K Sajeevan conceded that the facilities for bio-waste management are inadequate. Admitting that facility at Palakkad is overused, he however did not elaborate on its consequences.He said the Board has decided that there must be at least one common bio-waste disposal facility for every two districts in the state.The PCB would soon invite \"expression of interest'' for setting up bio-medical treatment plants in different parts of the state on PPP mode.The ministry of Environment and Forest (MoEF) would extend a grant of up to Rs 1 crore for setting up such plants provided the state chips in with a matching grant.Dr Chandrasekharan said IMAGE was planning to set up one more facility in Thiruvananthapuram and another in Kochi. Land has already been purchased at Palode in Thiruvananthapuram while search is still on for a site in Kochi.N K Pillai of KEIL said his company had mooted a proposal for setting up a facility.\"We have the land and expertise, and we will work out a project once we get the necessary permissions from PCB and other agencies,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943511", "title": "47 doctors working without pay for a decade at homoeopathic hospital", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: As many as 47 doctors and 48 non-teaching staff of a medical college in the city are working and teaching their students since 2002 without getting even a single paisa as salary.Not even the orders issued by the chief minister and finance minister could help these doctors, as the 'super power centres' in the government keep on delaying it.The doctors and non-teaching staff of Shree Vidhyadhiraja Homoeopathic Medical College have been running from pillar to post for the past one decade for getting their salaries.They are denied salaries citing technical reasons that the staff pattern has not been fixed. Does it take over 10 years to fix a staff pattern for a medical college working in the aided sector?Even after chief minister Oommen Chandy himself came to the rescue of them and ordered the sanctioning of salaries on August 31, 2011, the file has been caught in red tape and the agony of the doctors and staff continue even after a decade.\"The meeting convened by the chief minister on August 31 of the medical college management authorities and the health department officials had decided to sanction the salaries to the doctors. It was also decided to fix the staff strength based on the guidelines of central council of homoeopathy (CCH). The meeting had also decided to revise the staff strength fixed by the previous government and fix the non-teaching staff strength to 48,\" says the minutes of the meeting convened by the chief minister.Since nothing happened after four months, the doctors approached the chief minister in December and were given the promise that a government order would be issued before December 31, so that such that they would be getting salaries from January 2012.Since then the file has been shuttling between the health and finance departments.At last the file was called by finance minister K M Mani himself on March 26. He wrote on it to sanction the salaries as per the orders issued by the chief minister. But the suggestions and queries marked by the health and finance department officials are delaying the execution of the order.The doctors have now again taken up the issue with the chief minister and he had asked the health department to send back the file to CM's office so as to present the issue before the state cabinet on June 6.But the file did not reach his office on time, as a result the last cabinet meeting could not take a decision on the issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939144", "title": "Patient wait ends in hospital for fish prasadam seekers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The awful arrangements for the asthma patients who had gathered in hordes at the fish medicine camp at Kattedan saw many being admitted in various hospitals after experiencing severe breathlessness and dehydration at the venue where a stampede claimed one life on Friday.Around 30 patients were treated at the outpatient block of Life Care Hospital in Shivrampally. One such victim and a first-timer at the camp, 55-year-old North Central Railways clerk from Agra, Rajender Singh, is admitted in the casualty ward of the hospital, his face pallid with dehydration and eyes rolled back due to high fever and crushing body aches.\"I have been an asthma patient for more than 10 years. My wife and I came here at 3am so that we would be have the medicine first, without any hassles. But I collapsed after waiting a long while at night and also in the harsh sun. I suddenly felt giddy and collapsed. Now, I have high fever, severe migraine and body aches. I came all the way from Agra after my colleagues told me how the fish medicine had helped them,\" Singh said.Chandrahal Labade, a bronchitis patient from Solapur in Maharashtra, too, was admitted at the hospital after he collapsed in the heat. He said that he had been in the queue since 6am. \"My son shifted me here as soon as I collapsed after being unable to breathe. I have already spent Rs 350 at the hospital and haven't even had the fish medicine,\" he lamented. Doctors at the hospital noted that all the patients had complained of breathlessness. Dr P Narender, said: \"Since a large number of people who had gathered here were asthmatic, the most common complaint was that of breathlessness. They were administered oxygen inhalation, steroids and bronchorrhea dilation and steroids along with intravenous fluids for the dehydrated. All were treated as outpatients. We sent them back as soon as they recovered.\"Those less fortunate and without any attendants were taken to the already crowded Acute Medical Care division of Osmania General Hospital (OGH) where they were forced to lie down on the floor as they waited for medical attention. K Seetharaman from Tirupur in Tamil Nadu was taken in an 108 service ambulance to OGH after he collapsed in the heat. He had come alone to the city on June 7. Like Singh, Seetharaman, too, complained of giddiness and breathlessness. \"I have a wheezing problem as well. Unfortunately, I don't have anybody with me and am waiting for my relative to arrive from Kadapa. I have no money either and have been given no bed here,\" he said.Abdul Aziz from Begumpet decided to beat a hasty retreat after witnessing the serpentine queue. \"I have been suffering from breathlessness for many years now. I knew that things would go haywire after looking at the mad rush here,\" he said. Officials from the 108 service claimed that they had acted swiftly after things went awry. Mohd Khaleel, operations executive, said, \"We had to act quickly to contain the panic. Paramedics gave first aid to around 35 people who had collapsed.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942420", "title": "6 fake-perfume traders held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Police teams raided two spots in Madhavpura and Kalupur late on Thursday night and arrested six persons for manufacturing fake branded perfumes. Cops seized more than 40,000 sachets of 18 perfume brands worth more than Rs 15 lakh from both the spots.On Thursday, two units were raided after officials of a Mumbai-based company informed joint commissioner of police Ajay Tomar about the fake perfumes being made and sold in the city. The teams then raided Teli Mill Compound near Prem Darwaja and Raja Mehta ni Pol in Kalupur. Police found a manufacturing unit at Madhavpura and a distribution center in Kalupur and rounded up Sudarshan Gupta, his sons Kiran and Sudhir along with two staffers from Madhavpura and Dharmesh Patel from Kalupur. tnn\"The unit owned by Gupta used to mix methyl alcohol with fragrances and used to pack it in sachets for rural markets. The accused have been booked under the Trademark Act,\" said a police official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939213", "title": "Secunderabad Cantonment Board finds 16 illegal water connections in Tarbund", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Secunderabad Cantonment Board (SCB) authorities on Friday lodged a complaint with the Bowenpally police stating that 16 illegal water connections have been detected in Tarbund area and named B Mallikarjuna, the husband of SCB vice-president Banuka Narmada, in this connection.The complaint stated that Mallikarjuna collected money from the residents for providing illegal water connections. Incidentally, his wife and vice-president Narmada represents Ward VI, under which Tarbund falls, in the SCB.\"Based on the information provided, we inspected the Tarbund area on Thursday and found the road damaged. Immediately, we conducted a probe on this matter. The residents revealed that Mallikarjuna had taken an amount of Rs 2,500 from each of the 16 houses in the area and installed water connections. He dug the road and connected the pipelines to the main water pipeline,\" SCB superintendent of water works department, M Raj Kumar, told TOI.The SCB authorities said that on verification of the records they found that none of the house owners had applied for a water connection.Bowenpally circle inspector K Sattaiah said that he received a complaint lodged by M Raj Kumar against the 16 house owners.In the complaint, the official clearly stated that the house owners agreed to take water connections at the instigation of former ward member B Mallikarjuna.Based on the complaint, the police registered an FIR against the 16 house owners and B Mallikarjuna under section 427 (mischief causing damage) and 379 (punishment for theft) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC). The investigation is on and arrests will be carried out in case the allegations made by the SCB authorities prove true.In August 2011, Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) sleuths arrested B Mallikarjuna in connection with the construction of illegal buildings. However, he was later released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13948580", "title": "Microsoft teaching tools to make studies fun for kids", "text": "KOLKATA: Though teaching kids through multimedia teaching is the order of the day, schools are still not being able to implement it properly and capture the attention of the entire classall the children in the classroom. The age old ratio of 5% of the class being brilliant, the next 20% being above average, the next 40% being average and the remaining below average has not been bettered despite the fact that several human intelligence surveys proving have shown that only the bottom 5% of any given classroom is beyond help. The remaining can all be made to perform above par with the help of multimedia teaching.There are several schools in the city that have already started using multimedia tools for teaching. But little is done other than beyond making the class go through audio visual topics on smart boards, there is little else that is happening at the moment . Instead of reading out from the text book, the teacher just lets her students go through the topic on the screen. In most cases, the topics are designed by software professionals abroad and do not take the Indian context into consideration. Naturally, it catches the attention of the top students, while the remaining just get bored. most of what is discussed, does generate interest among the top students as is natural, but fails to catch the attention of the remaining students, who are just as bored.In order to break away from this mould, Microsoft - the world's leading software solutions provider - has come forward to help schools improve the quality of teaching-learning. As part of its corporate social responsibility,It has designed several subject-wise teaching tools suited to the English medium syllabi taught in the national school boards - the CBSE and the ICSE or ISC. What is moreAlso, this bouquet of software is completely free and can be downloaded from the web by schoolsfor use in the classrooms. On Saturday, Microsoft India has invited principals of the top ICSE and CBSE schools for a workshop at La Martiniere for Girls to generate awareness about these tools and how they can be used in the classrooms.\"What is different about these multimedia lessons is that they are also interactive. For instance, a teacher just cannot play a chapter on the 1757 Battle of Plassey and sit quietly. The tool will work only when she fills in the gap through her lecturesand every lesson is planned in that way. Interestingly, self training kits are also provided for teachers of respective subjects that are absolutely necessary if the tools are to be used,\" explained Richa Bhatia, the training co-ordinator of the project.Among the school principals who will participate in the workshop are, Loren Mirza of La Martiniere for Girls, TH Ireland of St James School, Rita Chatterjee of Apeejay Hogh School, Sharmila Bose of Birla High School for Girls, Usha Mehta of BD Memorial Girls High School, Mukta Nain of Birla High School for Boys and Malini Bhagat of Mahadevi Birla Girls HS School.\"Most principals who are participating are extremely senior and have been in the profession for years. In all these years, a lot of change has taken place in come into the field of education, especially when it comes to IT-related educational tools. Principals need to be oriented towards this so that they can implement the right tools that will help to improve the standard of the students,\" said Loren Mirza, principal of La Martiniere for Girls.\"There is no credit in the top 10% of the class scoring beyond 90%. If 80% of the class scores above 80%, therein lies the credit of the teacher. That is possible only through proper use of the multimedia because chalk and talk is essentially boring and cannot attract the average student,\" said Mukta Nain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "rajkot", "code": "13941359", "title": "Parcel bomb explodes in Junagadh, police recover detonators", "text": "RAJKOT: A 45-year-old woman was seriously injured at Ambavad village in Junagadh when a postal parcel exploded after she opened it.Gulabben Vaghashiya received serious injuries and was shifted to a private hospital in Ahmedabad.The incident took place around 7:30 am on Friday when Gulabben opened the parcel which had been delivered by the postman at her residence two days ago. \"As soon as she opened the parcel, it exploded and injured her. We found parts of battery, wires and detonators from the spot and sent them for forensic examination,\" said D M Vaghela, deputy superintendent of police, Mangrol division.Police said the parcel bomb was sent by a youth of Jud Vadla village in Una taluka. The youth was earlier engaged to Gulabben's daughter-in-law, who works as a teacher, but the engagement was cancelled after he lost his legs in an accident. \"This incident angered the youth and he decided to scare the family,\" said a police official.The parcel was sent from a shop called 'Cottonseed' in Una in Jashubhai Vaghashiya's name, say police official.There is, however, no shop in this name in Una, they said, adding that Jashubhai's wife Gulabben curiously opened the parcel as she thought it might have contained cottonseed.\"Jashubhai has told the police that his son Jayesh have been receiving threatening calls from some unknown persons over the last few days. He has given the details about the cell numbers,'' the police said.Police were questioning the youth, who was former in-charge principal in a self-financed computer college in Una. \"He used to make threatening calls to Vaghashiya's family members in the name of 'Khan','' said police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940440", "title": "What is the Anda cell?", "text": "PUNE: The famous 'Anda cell' at the Yerawada Central Jail is nothing but an egg-shaped high-security block. Its two sections are divided into 10ft x 10 ft compartments spread over nearly 1,000 sq ft.The cell was constructed in 1990s when terrorists Harjinder Singh Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha were brought to the jail before being hanged to death in 1992. He duo was convicted for the assassination of former Army chief General Arun Kumar Vaidya, who had led Operation Bluestar at the Golden Temple in Punjab.In recent times, Anda cell was in news when fake stamp paper scam kingpin Abdul Karim Telgi and actor Sanjay Dutt, who was arrested in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blast case for illegal possession of a prohibited weapon, were lodged here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13952845", "title": "Governor H R Bhardwaj orders probe into Mahatma Gandhi University corruption charges", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Governor H R Bhardwaj, who is also the chancellor of the Mahatma Gandhi University (MGU), on Friday, ordered a vigilance inquiry into the corruption charges against syndicate members and officials of the MGU including V-C, Dr Rajan Gurukkal.The Kottayam unit of the vigilance and anti-corruption department has asked the MGU registrar to submit 13 files in connection with the allegation of corruption. DySP P Krishna Kumar is heading the investigation.The vigilance probe is based on a complaint filed on October 17, 2011 by George Varghese, former joint registrar and current syndicate member.The letter of the investigating officer addressed to the university registrar says the vigilance inquiry is based on the allegations of misuse of funds and abuse of official position by the syndicate and the officials of the MGU. The allegations range from appointment of staff and faculty to conduct of international conference. Meanwhile, Dr Gurukkal said the probe was not against the V-C, but as the head of the university he was morally responsible.The decisions which were said to be corrupt were all taken by the syndicate. He also said the move was politically motivated and it would upset the activities of the university at a time when it was trying to become one of the top universities in the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13947650", "title": "Special trains to Patna", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway will run weekly express special train between Bangalore city-Patna-Bangalore city from June 12 to 26 (three trips only), and Bangalore city-Tirunelveli-Bangalore city from June 10 to 24 (three trips only), to clear the extra rush of passenger traffic.Accordingly, train Bangalore city-Patna weekly express (train no.06513) will depart from Bangalore city at 10:10am on every Tuesday commencing from June 12 to 26 (three trips) and reaches Patna at 9:50am on every Thursday.En route, the weekly express will depart at Bangalore city at 10:10am; depart at Chennai central at 4:15pm, Vijayawada at 11:05pm, Nagpur at 10:30am, Jabalpur at 9:50pm, Manikpur at 2:10 am, Buxar at 7:40am, Danapur at 9:14am and arrives Patna at 9:50am on Thursday.In the return direction Patna-Bangalore city weekly express special train (06514) will depart Patna at 8:10pm on every Thursdays commencing from June 14 to 28 and arrives Bangalore city at 9pm on Saturday. En route, the train will depart at Patna at 8:10pm, depart at Buxar at 9:49pm, Manikpur at 3:50am, Jabalpur at 8:50am, Nagpur at 6:45pm, Vijayawada at 7:30am, Chennai central at 2:45pm and arrives Bangalore at 9pm.Weekly train to TirunelveliBangalore city Tirunelveli weekly express special train (06515) will depart at Bangalore at 6:45am on Sundays commencing from June 10 to 24 and arrives at Tirunelveli at 7:30pm on same day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939133", "title": "Mayor election on June 10", "text": "PATNA: The election to the posts of mayor and deputy mayor of Patna Municipal Corporation (PMC) would be held at the Patna collectorate on June 10. Patna's in-charge district magistrate Manoj Kumar would be the returning officer for the election.The newly-elected 72 councillors are busy holding meetings to mobilize support for their candidates for the two posts. The winning candidate would need at least 37 votes. Nominations for these posts would be filed after the oath-taking ceremony of the newly-elected councillors on June 10. The voting and counting would take place the same day.It seems councillors are still to decide on the names for the two posts. Till a few days back, majority of the councillors appeared to prefer outgoing mayor Afzal Imam. But the scenario is changing fast. Since the post of the mayor is reserved for the extremely backward castes (EBCs), the two major contenders are likely to be Afzal Imam and Sanjay Kumar.Vinay Kumar Pappu, the outgoing deputy mayor, has always opposed Imam. \"Electing Afzal will not be a wise decision as he failed to perform effectively during his tenure,\" he said. Pappu has also floated United Parshad Morcha and claimed the support of 40 councillors. They may extend support to Sanjay Kumar, a former Patna mayor. Sanjay won the election from ward number 39.Deepak Kumar Chaurasia, councillor of ward number 2, said, \"Earlier there was an organization of councillors, Pragatishil Parshad Morcha. This year, we have renamed it as Vikas-shil Parshad Morcha.\" He claimed the organization would decide on its candidates for the two posts soon. \"But the first aim is to get under the banner 40 councillors who would work together for the development of the city,\" he said.On the other hand, Rupnarayan Mehta, who won the election from ward number 62, is likely to contest for the post of deputy mayor. Mehta is politically aligned with the BJP. He said, \"We are yet to decide our candidate for the post of deputy mayor. We held a meeting in which 45 councillors participated. It seems they do not want to repeat Imam as mayor.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940777", "title": "Road closures during President Pratibha Patil's visit", "text": "PUNE: Owing to the President's visit, certain roads in the city will be closed for vehicular traffic for a brief period on Saturday and Sunday.Airport road, Alandi road, Holkar bridge, old Mumbai-Pune highway, Aundh road and Ganeshkhind road will remain closed between 7.35am and 8.30am and between 12.30pm and 1.30pm on Saturday.On the same day, Ganeshkhind road, Aundh road, old Mumbai-Pune highway, Nashik road and Telco road will be closed between 5.20pm and 6pm, and between 7pm and 8pm.On Sunday, Aundh road and Ganeshkind road will be closed for 10 minutes (9.50am to 10am). Besides these two roads, old Mumbai-Pune highway, Holkar bridge, Alandi road, Golf club and airport road, too, will be closed between 10.40am and 11.20am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948681", "title": "Police still clueless over Cidco arson", "text": "NASHIK: Cops investigating the vehicle torching incident in the Cidco area that occurred early on Thursday, do not have any concrete leads to trace who the arsonists might be.DCP D S Swami on Friday evening said that they had called in different individuals for enquiry and were trying to probe different angles. However,ning the police had not met with any success. As many as four bikes and a car were set on fire in the incident that took place in the Swami Vivekanand area of Ambad. Apart from setting the vehicles on fireThe unidentified persons had also attempted to burn down a residential area, by attempting to torch the doors of a couple of houses.There is speculation that the act may be a retaliation by anti-social elements against police action on alcohol consumption in public places, or the theory that some externed criminals had been involved in the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13947505", "title": "Bridge work to divert train routes", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: In the wake of South Eastern Railway (SER) imposing a mega block on the movement of trains between Jaleswar-Amarda Road railway station owing to the ongoing repair work of a bridge, passengers travelling long distance are facing problems as trains are running along diverted routes for the time being.Several long distance trains including New Delhi-Puri Purushottam Superfast Express, New Delhi-Haridwar Neelachal Express, Guwhati-Chennai Egmor Express, Dibrugarh-Chennai Express, Puri-Haridwar Utkal Express, among others trains are running on diverted routes. The commuters are having a tough time since Thursday and they will have to bear the inconvenience till June 10.\"According to the notification repair work will start on Thursday morning (June 7) and will continue till the evening hours of June 10,\" said Tatanagar railway station manager Ravi Chaudhary.Now, for the next two days Utkal express will run on the diverted Jharsuguda-Sambalpur-Angul route to reach Puri. The Egmor Express will also not take the usual route via Tatanagar railway station instead it will run on Chandil-Jharsuguda-Sambalpur-Vijaynagram route. The Purushottam Express train will travel via Tatanagar but instead of reaching Kharagpur it will run on Dangoapos-Jakhapura line.\"The repair work was originally scheduled to begin on June 1 but owing to some technical reasons it got deferred,\" said a railway official at the Chakradharpur railway divisional office.\"The route diversion (of the several trains) has only added to the woes of the passengers as they are already having an issue seeking berth confirmation on long distance trains during vacations,\" said Saurabh Agarwal, a businessman who frequently travels on long distance trains for business purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943330", "title": "GoM nod to Carbide's waste incineration in Germany", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of ministers (GoM) on Friday gave its approval to Madhya Pradesh government to dispose of 350 metric tonnes of Union Carbide toxic waste in Germany. As per the decision, the Centre will pay Rs 25 crore towards the cost of airlifting the waste which will be removed within a year.Madhya Pradesh Bhopal Gas Tragedy, Relief and Rehabilitation Minister Babulal Gaur said that the GoM under the chairmanship of Union Home Minister P Chidambaram has asked the state government to prepare an agreement within two weeks' time.\"The proposal has been agreed to. The waste will be disposed of in Germany. The cost of Rs 25 crore for airlifting the toxic material will be borne by the central government. The whole procedure of removing the waste will be completed within a year,\" Gaur told reporters here after the meeting.He said the state government will submit the agreement to the Centre before the next meeting.According to Madhya Pradesh government officials, the disposal would be carried out by German agency-GIZ IS. About 346 MT toxic waste is lying within the premises of the erstwhile M/s Union Carbide India Ltd (UCIL) at Bhopal.The worst-ever industrial disaster had taken place at the Union Carbide plant on the intervening night of December 2-3, 1984.According to a government data, a total compensation of over Rs 3,000 crore has been given in 5,295 cases of death, 4,902 cases of permanent disability, 5,27,894 cases of minor injury and 35,455 cases related to temporary disability among others.Gaur, along with some senior state government officials, had on May 17 held a discussion with GIZ IS in Bhopal.The GoM was attended by union urban development minister Kamal Nath , minister of health and family Welfare, Ghulam Nabi Azad and minister of human resource development Kapil Sibal besides some senior officials of the central and state government departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13946066", "title": "Bus passes for students", "text": "BANGALORE: BMTC is issuing concessional bus passes to primary/high school and PUC students at 35 bus counters across the city. The counters are open from 8am to 5pm on all working days, except for Sunday and general holidays. The centres: Kempegowda bus station, Shivajinagar, Shanthinagar, BMTC Indiranagar depot, Domlur, Jeevan Bima Nagar, KR Puram, Kalyan Nagar, Kaval Byrasandra, Basaveshwaranagar, Vijayanagar TTMC, Chandra Layout, Kengeri TTMC, Nandini Layout, Nelamangala, Vidyaranyapura, Yelahanka 5th Phase, Rajajinagar 1st 'N' Block, Malleswaram bus station, Jayanagar TTMC, BTM Layout, Electronics City depot, Koramangala, KR Market, Yeshwantpur TTMC, Banshankhari TTMC, Bannerghatta TTMC and Chandapura.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "koraput/sambalpur", "code": "13946731", "title": "Internal conflict beginning of BJD's end: Jagdish Tytler", "text": "KORAPUT/SAMBALPUR: AICC member in-charge of Odisha Jagdish Tytler on Friday predicted that the Congress would come to power in the state in 2014 assembly elections.He, however, admitted that the party had failed to highlight the centre-sponsored schemes among the people of the state. The Congress leader was attending a meeting of Congress workers and party leaders of Koraput, Malkangiri, Nabarangpur and Rayagada districts at Jeypore on Friday.Commenting on the raging controversy involving chief minister Naveen Patnaik and MP Pyarimohan Mohapatra, Tytler said, \"The present fight between the chief minister and Pyarimohan Mohapatra is a natural consequence. It signals the BJD government has started crumbling. Mohapatra himself demanding a CBI inquiry into the mining scam speaks of large-scale corruption in the government during the BJD rule.\"\"All development schemes in the fields of health, education, roads, drinking water etc are being funded by the centre. But we have failed to cash in on it. People will have to be made aware of the centre- sponsored welfare schemes, and I am quite confident that the Congress will dethrone the BJD government in the 2014 elections,\" he said.Holding factionalism within the party responsible for its poor show in the recent panchayat election and a few bypolls, Tytler said, \"The main reason for the growth of factionalism in the party is the race to get party ticket during elections. Workers feel if they remain with a certain leader, they will easily get a party ticket to contest elections. But from the next elections, party tickets will be allotted to candidates only if their names are recommended by the block and the district units of the party.\"Though the assembly elections is two year away, regional meetings of the Congress held in Bhubaneswar, Balasore, Samabalpur and Jeypore indicate that the national party has already started gearing up for the coming assembly election.\"From the next month, we will visit each and every village to highlight the failures of the BJD government, which is neck-deep in corruption, and the benefits of the Centre-sponsored programmes for tribals. We are prepared to face a mid-term poll,\" said former Koraput MLA Tara Prasad Bahinipati, appealing to party workers to work together to root out the BJD government.Earlier, dismissing the speculation of a possible change in the state party leadership, Tytler said in Sambalpur on Thursday there is no such plan in the near future as the party is functioning well under the present leadership. Speaking to the press, Tytler, however, hinted at action against those creating disturbance in the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955640", "title": "Fahad is an actor with a lot of potential: Samvrutha", "text": "Samvrutha Sunil is all praise of her co-actor in Diamond Necklace, Fahad Faasil. \"Fahad is an actor with a lot of potential and I'm sure he will go a long way,\" said Samvrutha. She also said that the actor has a style of his own, and as a co-actor she could learn a lot from him.Although the two were part of the cast of Arunkumar's Cocktail earlier, it is only now that they are sharing screenspace. In Diamond Necklace , Samvrutha plays a cancer patient, who falls in love with her doctor, played by Fahad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957135", "title": "Vidya Balan used to get tired after 5 beats of lavani", "text": "Vidya Balan's lavani number from the film Ferrari Ki Sawari has become a big hit. While the actress looks her graceful best in the final outcome, it wasn't an easy ride for her while shooting the dance number 'Mala Jau De'.Choreographer of the song, Stanley D'Costa, an erstwhile assistant to Remo D Souza, remembers, \"Vidya used to come for rehearsal after 11pm as she was promoting Kahaani at that time. She used to rehearse for 3 hours and yet had so much energy. She didn't know much about lavani but the way she learnt the steps was superb. At first she used to get tired after 5 beats because of the heavy rhythmic nature of the dance but when she got into the flow, she just rocked and how! She had the right expressions for every movement of the dance form, which is considered naughty and erotic\".Interestingly Vidya completed the whole song in 6 days, before the time planned. \"In fact on the last day of the rehearsal she was really tired but when I requested her for 5 more hours, she gave the time and we completed the shooting\", says Stanley.And it was not just Vidya Balan , but the whole production team was very professional. The choreographer adds, \"The entire crew needed to work in tandem with whatever was being visualized and designed on paper. They were all outstanding from the art to costume, makeup production and the cinematography. It was because of the production team that I could have an entire storyboard ready involving every dance move. We had over 12 days of rehearsals with dancers in costumes, as this was a dance involving a nine-yard sari plus the accessories\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943713", "title": "Verma, wife in CBI net for tweaking defence deals", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday arrested controversial businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife Anca Neacsu for allegedly seeking to manipulate India's defence orders to suit his clients.The arrests came a day after the agency filed a case of corruption against him and a Swiss defence company and raided numerous premises in the national capital region.Claiming to have evidence of Verma receiving more than half a million dollars from the European defence firm and acting on allegations that he may have parked a few hundred million dollars in an escrow account in the United States , the agency is widening its probe against Verma, who is being prosecuted for allegedly leaking defence secrets in what is known as the navy war room leak case.CBI suspects that the bulk of the money in Verma's US escrow account may be kickbacks that he allegedly received from various foreign companies for manipulating Indian government deals.Sources said the investigations could spread to cover more defence firms that may have links to Verma.Swiss company gave $530,000 to Verma's firm in USThe defence deal drama involving controversial businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife Anca Neacsu is set to get murkier as at least three more firms figure in details provided by Verma's estranged US attorney , C Edmonds Allen to the CBI. The attorney, after their fallout, wrote to Indian authorities providing details about an escrow account in the US and money received in it from various companies for fixing deals.CBI sources said they have been able to verify the evidence of a payment of $530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD), Zurich, to Verma's company in the US.CBI sources said that Verma was until Friday evasive in explaining about the money deposited by Rheinmetall in the account of Ganton Limited, a Verma company, according to Allen. Verma has denied the charges. In written comments to TOI, Verma had said in May, \"Please ask C Edmonds Allen about ... who is the president and owner of Ganton Group. I have nothing to do with Ganton India nor other group companies of Ganton.\"Sources said Verma reached the CBI headquarters in the morning, accompanied by Neacsu, and they were questioned for the entire day. Later in the evening, the agency placed both of them under arrest.According to CBI sources, $530,000 was deposited by the Swiss company on February 17, 2011, in the US escrow account of Ganton. This was after the ministry of defence had initiated the process to blacklist six defence firms, including RAD, after CBI reported in 2010 about evidence of them bribing Sudipto Ghosh, an ex-chairman of ordnance factory board. The payment to Verma was to get RAD removed from the blacklisting .In its case filed on Thursday , the CBI has named Verma , RAD and other unknown persons under section eight and 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. After registering the case, 10 CBI teams, who were later joined by the criminal investigation unit of Income Tax, swooped down at 10 locations in Delhi and Gurgaon which included four premises of Verma, offices of RAD in Vasant Vihar and Satya Niketan and farmhouse of its director Mohinder Singh Sahni in Kishangarh and three associates of Verma, they said. Sahni also figures in the 'undesirable contact men' list circulated by the CBI to senior government officials recently.Police said the other foreigners aboard were a Dutchman, a Czech and a Swede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943382", "title": "Abandoned cub rescued at Kanha tiger reserve", "text": "BHOPAL: An injured cub that turned feeble after being abandoned by a tigress was rescued at the world famous Kanha tiger reserve (KTR) in eastern Madhya Pradesh , forest department officials said on Friday.This was the second cub that had been rescued by the forest staff, after being abandoned by tigress in the state's tiger reserve, in last two months. In the first week of April, a cub was rescued in Panna tiger reserve (PTR).\"The cub was abandoned by tigress that gave birth to it around 10 months ago in Kanha range of the reserve. It was left by the tigress some 10 days ago. We tranquilized the cub and shifted it to an enclosure in Gurila are under Mukhi range of the reserve on Thursday\", KTR field director J S Chauhan told TOI.This cub had grown weak and sustained injuries to his legs possibly after being attacked by some animal, officials said.\"We have kept the cub under observation and are feeding it with mutton and chicken,\" they said adding that the cub was in good health, now.The ground duty officials are trying hard to locate the tigress that gave birth to this cub. Officials said they are going to rehabilitate the cub- once it turned healthy and starts going for the kill.Felines usually abandon their cubs when they turn too weak, according to wildlife experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13941970", "title": "With helmets, these 2 women would be safe", "text": "NEW DELHI: The plight of two critically injured women who are battling for their lives at AIIMS Trauma Centre has quite poignantly highlighted the urgent need to make helmets a must for women on two-wheelers. Rubina, 30, met with an accident near Gurgaon while riding pillion with her cousin four days ago while Mithilesh, 19, fell from a bike her husband was driving. Both suffered severe head injuries.Doctors are waging a battle to bring them back from the brink but the hope of full recovery \u2014 even survival \u2014 is slowly fading away. Neither of them was wearing a helmet, said family members. The men driving the two-wheelers escaped with only minor injuries because they were wearing helmets.The Delhi Motor Vehicles Act exempts women on two-wheelers, drivers and pillion riders, from wearing helmets. Dr M C Misra, chief of AIIMS Trauma Centre, stressed that head injuries are the most common cause of mortality in road accident cases.\"In 2011, we received more than 11,000 head injury cases at our centre. Out of this, 795 were severe head injury cases in which mortality rate is as high as 30%. Those who manage to survive suffer cognitive disabilities through their life,\" said Dr Misra. Wearing helmets should be a must for women riders to save lives, he added.Make helmets a must for women riders: ExpertsAccidents kill irrespective of gender, then why should there be separate laws for men and women as far as wearing of helmets is concerned, ask experts. Medical professionals, traffic officials and even lawmakers feel that the government should make it mandatory for women riders to wear helmets to prevent lives from being lost in road accidents.In April, the Delhi government had submitted an undertaking in the high court that it would make helmets compulsory for women riders but took a U-turn the very next day stating that under Delhi Motor Vehicles Act it is optional for women to wear protective headgear while riding pillion.Expressing concern over the issue, retired Delhi high court justice, S N Dhingra said, \"It is unfortunate that laws are not enacted when needed but only when there is public uproar on the issue. Such is the case here. The HC had recently suggested the Delhi government to make wearing helmets compulsory for women riders but it didn't accept the suggestion. What can be done?\"Dr M C Misra, chief, AIIMS trauma centre, had written to the Prime Minister pressing on the need for making helmets a must for women. \"Anyone \u2014 men or women \u2014 can get injured in a road accident while riding on a two-wheeler. Helmets insulate them from serious head injury which is the most common cause of death and co-morbidities. Those riding without helmets should be fined,\" said Misra. He added that women should realize the gravity of the consequences.Medical experts say that the survival rate in cases of head injury is quite low. Professor of neurosurgery at the trauma centre, Dr Deepak Agarwal, said, \"Out of 100 patients who suffer severe head injury, only 70-75 can be saved. The survivors , however, remain dependent on their family for care because their cognitive abilities cannot be completely restored,\" said Agarwal. He added, \"Accident deaths mostly involve people in the age group of 16-30, the most productive years of life. The government must take steps to save them.\"Recent data on female fatalities at the trauma centre showed that most head injury cases among women were reported in the age group of 19-30 followed by those aged between 31 and 40. Many of these were road accident victims. AIIMS officials said that the number of female patients in emergency cases has also gone up significantly.Putting the onus on commuters themselves, state transport minister Arvinder Singh, said, \"We haven't said that women shouldn't wear helmets. It hasn't been mandatory on religious grounds. It is not important to impose punishment/fines for everything. People also have to think of their own safety\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13942008", "title": "Emission test: Department yet to get remote sensor kits", "text": "NEW DELHI: Transport minister Arvinder Singh's plan to launch remote-sensing devices to monitor polluting vehicles seems to have hit a roadblock with sources saying that the department is yet to procure the devices. \"The tender was taken out some time ago but has not been finalized yet,\" said an official. The minister now claims that Monday's drive will only involve manual testing of vehicles at border areas and important intersections. \"Remote-sensing devices will be used later,\" said Singh.These gadgets can monitor levels of polluting elements like carbon monoxide, hydrocarbons and other gases in moving vehicles. The use of remote-sensing devices, which the transport department has been trying to procure for one year, has been doing the rounds for several years now. The sensors have made previous appearances in 2004 and 2009, before the tender for the project was finally floated last year.Sources in the transport department, however, said that procurement of the machines would take some time, with deployment being possible only after a few months. \"The department will get 19 such devices, which will be operated by a third party,\" said the official. The gadget comes with a high-resolution camera that will be placed on road dividers. \"Vehicles will be directed to drive through a barricaded lane. These cameras will record the vehicle's registration number as well as the details of location/time,\" added the official. Owners will be issued challans if vehicles exhibit pollution levels higher than the permissible limit.The device uses an infra-red and ultra-violet detector module to emit the beam of IR/UV energy which crosses the traffic lane to the tracking device. The beam is placed at a proper height to intersect the vehicle's exhaust plume. Meanwhile, the high-resolution camera takes a photograph of the rear of the vehicle, including its licence plate, while the exhaust gas measurements are being taken.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13945980", "title": "These hands-on candidates brighten graduates\u2019 election", "text": "BANGALORE: Campaigning for the Bangalore graduates' constituency polls hotted up on Friday, the last day of electioneering for the council election scheduled to be held on Sunday. Candidates from civil society left no stone unturned to ensure that every minute of available time for campaigning was used, as an army of their supporters reached out to voters.While software engineers, techies and civic activists are rooting for urban expert Ashwin Mahesh, writers, artists and progressive organizations are backing K S Lakshmi, a candidate of the Left parties and dalit outfits. TOI profiles the two whose presence has ensured a wide array of choices before educated voters.1,500 names missing from electoral rollThe voters' list for the Graduates constituency is mucked up, and with just a few days to go for the election, nearly 1,500 voters who have registered either cannot see their names on the list or their names appear twice, with separate occupations.\"Yet again, a bogus voters' list is out. I never expected this to happen in case of preferential voting also,\" slammed Meenakshi Bharath, member of Loksatta party and social activist. She presented a case of Sunitha Sivaprasad, 44, whose name is mentioned twice in the same part number on the list.\"Her name appears against serial numbers 3935 and 3936 and her husband/ father's name, R Sivaprasad, is the same for both serial numbers. But her occupation is changed,\" she told TOI. The voters' list registered 1.1 lakh voters for preferential voting for Graduates constituency, nearly double that of last time.RK Misra, ABIDe member and civic expert, says his name is not on the list. \"It's a disaster. I think the Election Commission shouldn't pat its back only for conducting an election without violence, it should try for a corrected voters' list,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "taipei", "code": "13953271", "title": "Asus 810: Atom tablet with a dock", "text": "TAIPEI: You must have heard of Taichi and Transformer Book, the two tablets that Asus showed at Computex this year. While Taichi is an ultrabook with two screens, Book is a tablet-laptop hybrid with a detachable keyboard dock. But Asus is not stopping with these two Windows 8 devices. There are also Tablet 810 and Tablet 600. We checked out Tablet 810 at the Asus booth in Computex and came away impressed.Tablet 810 has a 11.6 inches screen and in many ways is akin to an affordable version of Transformer Book. The big difference between the two is the hardware that powers them and the screen. While Transformer Book runs on a third-generation Core i processor, Tablet 810 is powered by the next-generation Atom processor, which is part of Intel's Clovertrail platform. Also, Book has a fullHD IPS screen while Tablet 810 has to manage with a resolution of just 1366 x 768 pixels. The rest of specs are pretty beefy for a tablet. There is 2GB RAM, 64GB of solid state storage, NFC, 8MP primary camera and 2MP front camera.Tablet 810 has an x86 processor and supports both Metro and traditional desktops modes. The unit that we checked out had snappy and smooth performance. There was no lag as we navigated between various apps though touch sensitivity seemed a tad slower. But it froze once and had to be restarted. The device is obviously some time away from the market and the Windows version it is currently running is far from final. So, the glitch is not something of a deal-breaker at the moment.Just like the flagship Android tablet by Asus \u2014 Transformer Prime \u2014 Tablet 810 connects to a dock. Switching between the desktop and Metro modes on Windows 8 was effortless. This allowed us to use Tablet 810 like a tablet when it was not connected to the keyboard dock and like a laptop when paired with a dock. The experience was definitely better than what Prime provides because Windows 8 is better operating software for hybrid devices as it supports both desktop and tablet UI natively.Of all hybrid devices (tablet-laptop rolled into one) Asus showed at Computex, Tablet 810 is among the most promising ones. There are several reasons for that. It is likely to cost less than the likes of Transformer Prime. And we are sure that when compared to Taichi, the detachable dock with Tablet 810 will prove to be far more useful than a second screen on the laptop lid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13955300", "title": "Nithyananda disciples among 35 arrested", "text": "BANGALORE: Police on Friday made a lathicharge and arrested 35 persons after a clash between a group of people protesting against self-styled godman Nithyananda and his disciples at his ashram in Bidadi near here.The arrests came as protests broke out against Nithyananda in the backdrop of recent allegations by a US-based woman that she was sexually abused by him for five years, a charge denied by him.The arrested include 15 disciples of Nithyananda who were locked in a fisticuff with the protesters of a Kannada outfit after they barged into the ashram and clashed with his followers, prompting the police lathicharge.Police took 35 persons into custody, Ramanagara District Superintendent of Police Anup Agarwal told reporters.Earlier, police registered two cases against Nithyananda and his followers in connection with an altercation between the self-styled godman's followers and a section of media during a press conference at his ashram yesterday.Police registered the cases on a complaint by a regional TV reporter and a Kannada outfit. Acting on a counter complaint, police also filed two cases against the reporter and the outfit activists.Nithyananda had convened the press meet to respond to allegations made by the woman, who has lodged a complaint in the US.\"The police will initiate action as per law to bring the situation under control\", Agarwal, whose effort to meet Nityananda failed, said.Meanwhile, home minister R Ashok asked the police to investigate the issue and initiate action as per law.Nityananda is facing a CID probe into allegations of rape and criminal intimidation levelled against him in 2010 after some TV channels telecast purported video footage of the self-styled godman in a compromising position with an actress.He was arrested in Himachal Pradesh in 2010 and released on bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13954934", "title": "DJ Rishi, Chris's dance party", "text": "It was a much-needed mid-week break and party-goers made the most of it despite the Cinderella hour at Underground, The HHI, on Wednesday.With DJs Varun and Anshul playing the hottest numbers of the season, the party crowd took centrestage. Joining them at the console were DJs Rishi and Chris \u2014 good reason for the party to get wilder. We spotted a happy group of girls \u2014 Dona, Devidyuti, Sampoorna and Nabonita \u2014 having a blast with Abhishek on the dance floor. Boy, were they having fun!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938190", "title": "HC orders arrest of 6 cops in 1994 case", "text": "CHENNAI: Irked at the slow progress of proceedings in the sensational case of the attack on advocate K M Vijayan in 1994, the Madras high court has issued arrest warrant against six police personnel, including an assistant commissioner.Justice T Sudanthiram directed I Durairaj, the then assistant commissioner of T Nagar; M Rangarajan, inspector of Kodambakkam; Venugopal, sub-inspector of Kodambakkam; M Manickam, SI of Mambalam; and Krishnamurthy, SI of Pondy Bazaar to be present in the court on June 20.Directing the CBI to arrest the five police officers, the judge said they could be released if they execute personal bonds to the satisfaction of the arresting officer.Vijayan, now a senior advocate, was assaulted by an armed gang in the early hours of July 21, 1994 when he was preparing to leave for Delhi to argue in the Supreme Court opposing the Tamil Nadu government's decision to reserve 69 per cent of jobs for weaker sections. The attack triggered a prolonged stand-off between the legal fraternity and the then AIADMK government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "all india management association (aima) brought together a power-packed panel to discuss and deliberate the need for strong leadership in emerging economies under the theme", "code": "13951513", "title": "Leading the pack", "text": "All India Management Association (AIMA) brought together a power-packed panel to discuss and deliberate the need for strong leadership in Emerging Economies under the theme: 'Leadership in a Globalised World: Nurturing New Partners' at Mauritius. The summit was organised in partnership with the Indian High Commission, Mauritius; Enterprise Mauritius and the Board of Investment, Mauritius and was supported by the Mauritian Chamber of Commerce and Industry and Mauritian Management Association.The panel comprised high profile dignitaries from India &amp; Mauritius including Sachin Pilot , minister of state for communications and IT, India; Xavier-Luc Duval, vice prime minister and minister of finance, Mauritius and Cader Sayed-Hossen, minister of industry, commerce and consumer protection, Mauritius.Pilot, in his address, said, \"Global unemployment is due to lack of qualified people in leadership, which is an important aspect for each business leader. Companies who are not aware of the global events will not be able to adapt.\"The AIMA Global Business Leaders Series is a one-of-a-kind programme to link businesses in emerging markets. This summit focussed on building thought leadership. It also highlighted techniques of innovation management which influences companies and the navigational challenges that leaders will be faced with in the near future.Speaking about the event, T P Seetharam, high commissioner of India to Mauritius said, \"The summit promises to be a productive interaction that will enhance economic interaction in the region.\"The event was followed by a session on 'Reinventing strategies for emerging markets: Building competitive advantage through global partnerships'. The panellists included Shivinder Singh , executive vice chairman, Fortis Healthcare Ltd , India; Nalin Kumar, CEO, Corporate and Investment Banking, FirstRand Bank; Sudhir Jalan, co-chairman, RIETER India and the like.There were other sessions on innovative and game-changing business models that work in the challenging emerging markets and the need for companies to re-invent themselves to be globally competitive and the summit also raised questions on the need for investing in the right talent and experience to facilitate growth.The summit was attended by over 450 participants. It provided an ideal opportunity for big and small businesses to get involved and look at the emerging trends in the ensuing future.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944336", "title": "Teen nabs thief after cycle chase", "text": "MUMBAI: Krish Shah (14) has not stopped smiling since the Malad police felicitated him for showing pluck by chasing a chain-snatcher on his bicycle for nearly half an hour on Wednesday and finally nabbing him with help. The accused, Satish Rumav, had robbed a senior citizen and was trying to flee when Krish spotted him.A class X student of MKVV International School, Krish stays at Kapol society with his younger brother, Jash. Their mother, Namrata, a teacher, was frightened when she heard what her son had been up to, but later joined all in congratulating him. Krish has in fact become a hero in the neighbourhood. \"I have received many gifts and my mother has allowed me to treat my friends,\" he grinned.Around 4pm on Wednesday, Bipin Shah (92) was climbing the stairs to get to his first floor apartment, when Rumav, who had been keeping a watch on him, accosted him and snatched his gold chain worth Rs 60,000. As Rumav started running down, Bipin hobbled over to his apartment window and shouted for help, alerting the society watchman. At this time, Krish was taking the rounds of the building on his bicycle.\"I heard someone shout 'thief' and told the watchman to help me chase the man, but he refused, fearing the man could be armed and harm us. I decided to chase the man myself,\" Krish said.Krish took the help of three watchmen from the neighbourhood to nab Rumav.The Malad police booked him for chain-snatching.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "13946987", "title": "After Khardung La, Aashu Singh eyes Mount Everest", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The 16-year-old girl who made the city proud with her successful expedition to Khardung La (18,380 ft) in Ladakh last year, is planning to summit Mt Everest.The Class XII student of Sacred Heart Convent School, Aashu Singh, who has just returned to the city completing her basic mountaineering course from Himalayan Mountaineering Institute (HMI), Darjeeling, is keen to climb Mt Everest at the earliest possible. \"I want to become the youngest mountaineer to climb Mt Everest and break the record of Dickey Dolma (the world's youngest woman to climb Mt Everest at the age of 19 years),\" said Aashu, who will pursue her advance course in mountaineering soon.\"Following the completion of the advance course in mountaineering, I will thoroughly prepare for climbing the Mt Everest as I am mentally prepared for it,\" said Aashu. She also expressed her gratitude to the Tata Steel Adventure Foundation that helped the aspiring mountaineer to get her course through successfully.Aashu's father, U P Singh, an employee of Tata Steel, exuded confidence about her daughter's plans and said she is a spirited girl. \"The basic mountaineering course is a mandatory degree to become a member of any mountaineering expedition and I am sure my daughter will definitely prove worth this degree,\" said Singh, a resident of Golmuri.By virtue of being the junior most of the 85-member team that successfully rode the rough terrain of 600km from Kullu to Karadung La, Aashu earned a place in the Limca Book of Records, 2011. The minimum age bar for qualifying to the mountain biking team was 20 years, given her age Aashu was initially overlooked by the organizers, Youth Hostels Association of India, for the national-level mountain biking expedition. However, after her father's request, Aashu was taken into the team purely on the basis of her mountaineering and trekking records. At the school level, Aashu has been enthusiastically participating in the various adventurous sports and she is also the captain of the school girls' football team.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944690", "title": "Dimple Yadav could be Uttar Pradesh's 3rd MP to win unopposed", "text": "LUCKNOW: Elections in India of late have been assuming the shape of festivals in India, especially for the winning candidate, who goes all out to assert his supremacy as well as clout. And the quantum of celebration becomes big, if the MP is elected unopposed. While, there have been at least 20 instances in the history of Indian general elections, when the MP has been elected unopposed, there have been few such instances during the bypolls as well.And if Samajwadi Party's Dimple Yadav eventually wins 'unopposed' from the Kannauj parliamentary constituency, she would join an elite club of MPs, who had romped home even without garnering a single vote in their favour from the electorate. The first instance of MPs winning bypolls unopposed was reported in 1952 when three parliamentarians clinched victory. It included veteran Congress leader and former Speaker of UP Vidhan Sabha PD Tandon.In 1956 too, three MPs won the bypolls uncontested, while there were two such winners in 1960 bypolls and one in 1985. The parliamentary by-elections in 1952 saw three Congressmen winning their bypolls. PD Tandon won the Allahabad West seat, B Ray romped home in Cuttack, while JN Parekh claimed victory in Saurashtra's Zalawad seat. Similarly, in 1956, it was the turn of MS Ganesh to win from Ahmedabad (Bombay), PN Kayal from West Bengal's Basirath and MKV Anand from Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh. All the three were from Congress.Anand once again retained the Visakhapatnam seat in 1960 bypoll, while veteran Congress leader YBR Chavan won from Nasik in the bypolls held in the same year. In 1985 bypolls, DK Bhandari won from Sikkim parliamentary seat while representing the SSP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938224", "title": "Sri Ramachandra University launches study on management of diabetes", "text": "CHENNAI: A year ago, Sri Ramachandra University found that nearly one in five people in the city was a diabetic and an almost equal number hypertensive. On Friday, the university launched phase 2 of the cohort study aimed at prevention of the disorder and use of Indian medicine in its management.Department of Science and Technology secretary T Ramasami, launched phase 2 of the study, PURSE-HIS (population study of urban, rural, semi-urban regions for detection of endovascular disease and prevalence of risk factors and holistic intervention study). The first phase of study revealed that 25% of rural people were in a pre-diabetic stage compared to 15.3% of people in the city.Phase 2 will look at measures that can prevent these pre-diabetics from getting the disease.At the end of the study, the team will measure the number of pre-diabetics who have been converted to diabetics. \"This will give us an idea on how rapidly the disease progresses. We will also if see people who were normal in phase I have been converted into pre-diabetics or diabetics,\" said Dr Thanikachalam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13948014", "title": "Even Chennai fish can't meet Mangalore demand", "text": "MANGALORE: This season, fish seems to be out of the common man's reach despite inflow of catch from Ratnagiri and Chennai to the city. The price of fish which started peaking since the beginning of this year has never come down due to low catch and high demand.The city gets about five to six truckloads of fish from Chennai and Ratnagiri, but demand is abnormally high. The fish catch in the state's coast is almost nil as adverse weather conditions have prevented fishermen from venturing into the sea, though monsoon fishing ban starts on June 15.Vinay Shetty of Fish Mongers says usually when fishes from outside the state arrive during monsoon fishing ban here, prices stabilize at realistic level. ``This time fish catch has fallen all over the coast. Pomfret has disappeared from the market and seer sells at Rs 600-700 a kg. Mackerel which sells at Rs 65-80 in season has hit a high of Rs 130-150. Sardines, which are available locally and also from Chennai, are also priced high at Rs 40 per kg, three times more than the season prices.Mustaffa CM, a commission agent who gets fish from Chennai, says availability of fish from Chennai is also scarce. \"I have started getting fish from Thursday, which are lady fish and sardines. Today I got a box of sardines, which was Rs 800 per box (weighing 35/40 kg). Yesterday it was Rs 1,200. Small lady fish costs Rs 120 and the bigger once fetches good price at Rs 300,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13957995", "title": "21-year-old files molestation case against eve-teaser", "text": "MUMBAI: Fed up of the constant eve-teasing by a local youth, a 21-year-old Nalasopara girl filed a molestation case against the accused. No arrest has been made.The victim, a student, in her complaint to the Nalasopara police station has accused Nishant alias Monu Manojkumar Mishra (22) of molestation. Both are residents of Central Park in Nalasopara (east).According to the complainant, Mishra has been trying to get friendly with her since the past one year. She was, however, ignoring his advances. Mishra used to wait on the roads and bylanes and intercept the victim. He would then force her to accept his friendship.The victim in her complaint stated that the harassment was on for the past one year but she did not complain to her parents for fear of being prevented from stepping out of the house.Early this week when the victim ignored Mishra's advances, he allegedly followed her to her house and threatened her father. That is when her father approached the Nalasopara police station along with the victim. According to the complainant, Mishra kept a tab on her movement. He harassed her only when she was alone.Police said a case of molestation has been registered against Mishra who is unemployed and spends his time loitering in the locality. No arrest has been made so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13953128", "title": "Sri Lankan refugees: Tamil Nadu cops turn a blind eye", "text": "KOCHI: With Kerala coast becoming a safe haven for Sri Lankan Tamils sailing illegally to Australia and Malaysia , central intelligence agencies are pointing fingers at Tamil Nadu police for abetting movement of refugees to state from camps in Rameswaram and Chennai.\"The Tamil Nadu police are turning a blind eye on Lankan Tamils moving from refugee camps to Kerala. It's not possible for refugees in such large numbers to avoid detection of the police. We strongly believe that the Tamil Nadu police are discreetly allowing refugees to come to Kerala,\" said a senior official of the Intelligence Bureau. The suspicion of the intelligence officials was strengthened after they questioned Senthuran (38) of Kandy, Sri Lanka, a kingpin of the racket that helped Sri Lankan Tamils to illegally travel to Australia from the Kerala coast.Senthuran was arrested from Chennai by a Kerala Police team in September 2011 after they nabbed 39 Sri Lankan Tamils who attempted to go to Australia from Kerala on a fishing boat. He was interrogated by a team of central intelligence officials as he was suspected of being a LTTE sympathiser.\"We have communicated the matter to the Tamil Nadu police as we cannot believe that the refugees have travelled to Kerala without coming under the scanner of the Tamil Nadu intelligence wing,\" the official added.Last week, the Kerala police detained 151 Sri Lankan Tamils from Kollam who were planning to illegally flee from the Kerala coast in fishing boats. According to the Kerala police, nearly 300 Sri Lankan Tamils have come to Kerala over the last two years to illegally sail from the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ferozepur", "code": "13947975", "title": "Cops caught on camera thrashing man", "text": "FEROZEPUR: The Ferozepur police will inquire into the thrashing of a man by cops inside a police station which was captured on his cell phone by an onlooker.The senior superintendent of police, Ferozepur, Hardial Singh Mann when shown the video, said action would be taken against the erring officers. The video shows a man, identified as Jaswant Singh, a resident of Narang Ke Lalli village under Kulgarhi police station in Ferozepur, screaming for help even as policemen continue to thrash him in Kulgarhi police station.Also seen in the video are senior police officers, including the SHO and duty officers watching as the man is beaten with sticks inside the police station. Jaswant Singh, the victim of police cruelty was neither a listed criminal nor any complaint had been registered against him. He was victimized by the police allegedly at the behest of his father and brother, who did not want to give his share from the property.Jaswant Singh, who was at present running a wooden business at Sirsa town in Haryana, had arrived in the Narang Ke Lally village to demand his share of property from his father and brothers.It is alleged that his father and brothers, who did not want to give him his due share, allegedly hatched a plan to ensure he does not make any demand in future. Sources claimed that they approached the concerned police station and fixed a deal with the cops to teach Jaswant a lesson. Ironically, after beating him up, the police let him off without even registering a complaint against him. The whereabouts of Jaswant Singh is not known till filling of this report.When contacted, Gurbachan Singh, father of Jaswant Singh declined to comment on the issue. However, a person requesting anonymity told that he was also first thrashed in full public view in the village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952952", "title": "Music maestros sing for 100 years of cinema", "text": "Lata Mangeshkar, Chithra, Udit Narayan , Alka Yagnik , Kumar Sanu , Sadhana Sargam , Suresh Wadkar, Sonu Nigam , Shreya Ghosal, Sunidhi Chauhan , (phew!) Shaan , KK, Sukwinder Singh, Kailash Kher , Shankar Mahadevan, Shiv Kumar Sharma and Hariprasad Chaurasia are coming together to sing a song celebrating 100 years of cinema.And that's not all. Prasoon Joshi and Shantanu Moitra will also be a part of this dream team as the lyricist and music composer respectively. The anthem titled Shukriya Satrangi Jadugar will celebrate the spirit of cinema. Shukriya satrangi jadugar is about the magic, charm and ageless beauty of cinema. I've tried to explain how cinematic experience binds people across the globe.\"Prasoon along with composer Shantanu decided to invite singers from every era to record the song. \"We've incorporated every voice conceivable. Lataji, who has been a part of the film industry for 70 years out of 100 agreed to lend her voice. We were extremely happy. Every singer we approached agreed to be a part of this anthem,\" added the lyricist.satrangi jadugar will be aired throughout the year across all television channels and radio stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943295", "title": "Man threatens to upload wife's pictures on web", "text": "BHOPAL: A man threatened his wife to upload her obscene video on the internet if she did not bring money from her parents and withdraw case of domestic violence she filed against him with the police.The incident took place in Gas Rahat Colony, coming under the limits of Nishatpura police station. Cases under sections of dowry harassment and criminal intimidation have been registered against the accused husband on Friday, the police said.The complainant Shahnaz wife of Arif Sheikh stated to police that her husband, who is in grip of addictive habits, would beat her demanding money every now and then. He wanted his wife to get Rs 50,000 from her parents. Besides, Sheikh was also exerting pressure on her to withdraw the case of domestic violence she had filed against him in Mahila Thana in the past, the police said.However, when the woman resisted to his demands, the accused threatened of uploading her obscene video on the internet. Subsequently, she approached the police and got registered a case against him.Police said the two got married in the year 2005 and also have a son. The woman started residing separately in the same locality from past sometime due to repeated harassment by the accused.The accused is a habitual offender and has also served two and half years in jail in connection with the infamous Gujarat train dacoity, the police said, adding that efforts remain underway to nab him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939284", "title": "Jaganmohan Reddy can bank on postcard", "text": "HYDERABAD: The 'humble' postcard costing .50 paise could well be the last resort of YSR Congress party leader Y S Jaganmohan Reddy to connect with people who matter to him most at this crucial juncture. If he wants, that is.With time running out for him as elections are slated for June 12, Jagan would do well to forget the modern media and perhaps stick to the postcard to reach out to voters.According to the jail manual, a prisoner is entitled to one postcard every fortnight at the cost of the government. The undertrial can make use of the card to write to his family, relatives or friends. Jail authorities, however, will censor any objectionable portions in the missive.The inmate is also barred from expressing political views in the letter. Since Jagan is keen on campaigning for his party, he could use the postcard wisely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946907", "title": "Adarsh: Government lawyer gets Rs 1.15 lakh a hearing", "text": "MUMBAI: The state government has spent Rs 4.5 crore till date on the judicial commission probing the Adarsh scam. Even then, the case is yet to get off the ground with the commission getting repeated extensions to complete its assignment. At the same time, the CBI which was directed to investigate the matter on January 2, 2011, hasn't even filed charges against nine key accused.While the commission was set up on January 8, 2011, it submitted its report on April 13, 2012, but sought and got another three-month extension up to September 30 this year.A bulk of the jaw-dropping expense comprises salaries of the two members of the judicial commission and fees paid to senior counsel Anil Sakhare and his two assistants.A senior official said the commission has worked for 350 days from its inception to May 31, 2012, V B Nighot and R H Vasudeve. Sakhare's team has been hired to represent the departments of general administration (GAD), urban development (UDD), revenue, forests and environment before the commission. According to reports, Sakhare is paid Rs 1.15 lakh for every effective hearing, Rs 55,000 per non-effecting hearing and conference fees of Rs 7,500 per hour. Nighot and Vasudev are each paid Rs 25,000 per appearance. So far, the urban development department has paid him Rs 63.41 lakh, while the payment status of the other departments is not available.What is surprising is the state government's reluctance to provide specific information on the payments made to its counsel. On January 5 this year, RTI activist Vikrant Joshi sought information from GAD about the names of the advocates representing the state government before the commission, their terms and conditions, particularly remuneration-and the payment made. The public information officer of GAD S H Umranikar informed him that since the data sought pertained to other departments, the application under the RTI had been forwarded to them.The pass-the-buck continued with UDD telling Joshi that the original application had been redirected to GAD. As a result he is still waiting to get information six months after he made his application.Significantly, the commission had long back provided information to him about the salaries and perks of Justice J A Patil, chairman, and P Subramaniam, member, Deepan Merchant, counsel and his junior Bharat Jhaveri, and expenditure on the commission's staff.\"Nearly Rs 4.5 crore has been spent on the commission and since its term has been extended to September 30, another Rs one crore will have to be provided for it,'' said a senior official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13946543", "title": "Khurda hospital ransacked after accident victim's death", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Death of a patient triggered tension at Khurda headquarters hospital on Friday. Shahjahan Khan, who was admitted to the hospital with injuries following a road accident, died on his way to a hospital in Bhubaneswar.Sensing negligence by the Khurda hospital, relatives of the deceased allegedly manhandled two doctors and ransacked the outdoor department. \"The patient needed urgent attention. But the doctors neglected him,\" alleged S Ahmed, nephew of the deceased.Doctors rubbished the allegation. \"There was no negligence on our part. He was attended to properly and referred to a private hospital in Bhubaneswar for better treatment,\" said Dr Purnendu Behera of the Khurda hospital.Police registered cases against the mob, who ransacked the hospital. \"We will take action against those, who vandalized the hospital,\" a police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957892", "title": "UNICEF urges countries to treat diarrhea, pneumonia", "text": "Unicef has urged countries around the world to focus on treating diarrhoea and pneumonia to save children's lives.It said that introducing routine vaccination programmes against diarrhoea and pneumonia could save two million of the world's poorest children.Further it said that focusing on these diseases would narrow the survival gap between the richest and poorest children.Pneumonia and diarrhoea account for one-third of all global deaths of children under five.Unicef's report, in advance of a child-survival initiative, calls for better access to vaccines and antibiotics.Anthony Lake , its executive director, said it was a question of commitment and funding.\"We know what works against pneumonia and diarrhoea - the two illnesses that hit the poorest hardest. Scaling up simple interventions could overcome two of the biggest obstacles to increasing child survival and help give every child a fair chance to grow and thrive\", the BBC quoted Lake as saying.Nearly 90 per cent of deaths from pneumonia and diarrhoea occur in sub-Saharan Africa and South Asia.According to the report, more than two million children's lives could be saved in 75 countries with the highest death rate if the poorest children received the same care and treatment as the wealthiest 20 per cent in those countries.New vaccines against the major causes of pneumonia and diarrhoea are already available.While most low-income countries have introduced the Haemophilus influenza type b (Hib) vaccine and pneumococcal conjugate vaccines, they urgently need to introduce them into routine immunisation programmes, the report said.The prevention and treatments for both diseases include increasing vaccine coverage, encouraging breastfeeding, hand-washing with soap and expanding access to safe drinking water and sanitation.Giving oral rehydration salts to children with diarrhoea and antibiotics to children with bacterial pneumonia are also basic steps to combat the diseases, it added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13959668", "title": "Narayanasamy defends Prime Minister in coalgate scam, slams CAG", "text": "CHENNAI: Union minister of state in the PMO, V Narayanasamy, today strongly defended Prime Minister Manmohan Singh in the coalgate scam, saying he had ensured transparency in the coal block allocation in 2004, whereas in the earlier NDA regime, there had been no transparency.\"Our government is a transparent government. The PM wanted to have a transparent form of coal block allocation in 2004. During the NDA government, there was no transparency,\" Narayanasamy told reporters at the Chennai airport on Saturday. The minister added, \"There are no allegations about PMO...the allegations that are made are ill-founded, unwarranted and politically motivated.\"He said the UPA government had advertised and invited bidders. \"The government is looking into the complaints and the CBI is investigating the matter. The PM has nothing to do, he followed a transparent method.\"Flaying the role of the CAG in the scam, Narayanasamy said, \"The CAG has no business, power or authority to question the government's policy. They can only consider if the due process is followed or not. Nowadays what happens is that the CAG has become an organization that questions the policy of the government.\"Recalling the opposition of the then Rajastan CM Vasundara Raje, Chhattisgarh chief minister Raman Singh and the West Bengal government with regard to decision on coal block auction, he said that they had called it the domain of the state governments. \"The double face of BJP is exposed,\" said Narayansamy.\"It is not that the PM ignored, he considered the recommendation...the state governments opposed. The NDA government did not auction...we have to ensure the welfare of the people,\" he said.Reacting to the Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa's demand for the resignation of P Chidambaram in case relating to Union home minister's election from Sivaganga constituency, Narayanasamy said, \"There is no reason to demand resignation and people are targeting him.\"On Anna Hazare calling PM a \"clean person\", Narayanasamy said, \"Anna is a simple man but has been misled by the other people who are with him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13940983", "title": "Bypolls redundant, hamper progress: Puthiya Tamilagam", "text": "TRICHY: Puthiya Tamilagam's (PT) founder-leader Krishnaswamy on Friday said in Trichy that byelections are redundant as they hamper the progress of developmental work in the constituency. Krishnaswamy suggested that in the event of the likely demise of a sitting member, the party that already won the seat should be permitted to appoint a legislator. He appealed to the Central government to make necessary changes in the law to this effect so that the byelections that drain the resources and taxes might be avoided.However, Krishnaswamy, whose party remains an ally of AIADMK was not averse to the Pudukkottai byelection and has been campaigning for its candidate for the last two days. \"The ruling party will win the seat by a margin of not less than one lakh votes,\" he told reporters at Trichy. Meanwhile, the Trichy commissioner of labour on Friday clarified that if a person, who is a resident of and registered as voter in Pudukkottai constituency, were to be employed in a industrial undertaking or in an establishment located outside his constituency, he was still entitled to the benefit of a paid holiday (on June 12) extended under Section 135B(1) of the Representation of the People Act, 1951.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13945607", "title": "Govt plans stricter implementation of anti-tobacco laws in Odisha", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: After announcing Bhubaneswar and Jagatsinghpur smoke-free, Odisha government now plans to strictly implement anti-tobacco laws in other parts of the state as well.Addressing representatives of district administrations, police and health departments from various parts of the state here on Friday, health minister Prasanna Acharya exhorted them to form and activate district-level squads to ensure implementation of Cigarettes and other Tobacco Products (Prohibition of Advertisement and Regulation of Trade and Commerce, Production, Supply and Distribution) Act, (COTPA) 2003 through public awareness approach.Acharya said steps should be taken on a priority basis to declare Cuttack smoke-free, which means announcement of near total compliance of anti-tobacco laws. He said several weaknesses in COPTA and its poor implementation is a big public health challenge for the state.The minister said the government has collected Rs 22 lakh fine from violators of COPTA provisions between April 2010 and March 2012. However, public awareness on health repercussion of tobacco use is far more important than imposing fine to reduce its consumption, he added.COTPA bans smoking at public places and prohibits sale of tobacco products near school premises. Majority of districts are either yet to form joint squads for execution of COTPA provisions or have formed teams which are lying dormant. \"We need to activate these squads,\" director public health Dr Upendra Kumar Sahoo told TOI.Tobacco activists are lobbying with the state to implement the Food Safety and Standards (Prohibition and Restrictions on Sales) Regulations 2011 that prohibits manufacture and sale of chewing tobacco products. The Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI), a statutory body under the Union health ministry, notified the regulations on August 1, 2011. Implementing the regulations, Madhya Pradesh and Kerala have already banned gutka and paan masala. \"Ban on chewing tobacco products is more important for the state because percentage of tobacco chewers in Odisha is among the highest in the country,\" said Itishree Kanungo, an anti-tobacco activist.According to various surveys, 56% male and 36% female population in the state use tobacco in one or the other form. Of the tobacco users, 43% chew gutka and khaini. Tobacco use is more prevalent in rural areas: Compared to 38% people consuming tobacco products in urban areas, 48% use tobacco in rural areas.\"Sooner or later, the state has to adopt the FSSAI regulations,\" the director public health said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943687", "title": "Vava Suresh\u2019s book released", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Ayyo Pambu'. Vava Suresh might not have said these words in his lifetime. But, when he wrote a book about snakes, he had no qualms in naming it 'Ayyo Pambu', (roughly translated as 'Help... There's a Snake'. The man, who has a world record of having caught thirty thousand snakes in his life time, shares all his knowledge about snakes in the book. Forest minster K B Ganesh Kumar released the book on Friday by handing over the first copy to rural development commissioner M Nandakumar.The book has a number of photographs and details on the various species of snakes found in India. There is also a detailed analysis of the snakes found in Kerala. The book deals with - how to differentiate between venomous and non-venomous snakes, first-aid for snake bites, myths and superstitions regarding snakes and some fascinating information about snakes around the world. A CD of exclusive videos of Vava Suresh handling snakes is also available with the book. The book is published by Computech publishers and is priced Rs 495.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943572", "title": "Indian Foreign Service ex-officer charged with trafficking", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has framed charges of criminal conspiracy and corruption against the former director general of Indian Council for Cultural Relations (ICCR) and three others in a case of alleged trafficking of eight people to Germany in 2005.Special CBI judge Kanwaljeet Arora said on Friday that there was prima facie evidence that ICCR's former DG Rakesh Kumar, also a former IFS officer, had obtained pecuniary advantage and \"sexual gratification\" to facilitate trafficking of eight people to Berlin by empanelling \"bogus\" cultural group Mehak Punjab Di.\"All four of you \u2014 Rakesh Kumar being a public servant while working as DG, ICCR, Shiv Kumar Sharma, a draftsman working with Punjab Agricultural University, Balwinder Kaur, a local Punjabi singer, and Gurbej Singh, a constable working with Punjab Armed Police, along with Hargulab Singh (who turned approver) \u2014 on or about March 2005 onwards had entered into a criminal conspiracy by having agreed to do an illegal act of human trafficking on government expenses,\" the court said.Kumar had approved a team of 15 members, comprising untrained Punjabi folk dancers, to Germany on government sponsorship before his transfer from ICCR, the CBI chargesheet said.The court also found prima facie evidence of cheating, forgery, criminal conspiracy and using as genuine a forged document against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13939208", "title": "National pistol coach not paid since February", "text": "PUNE: With only a month to go for the London Olympics, national pistol coach Anatolli Piddubnyii is fuming at the government's apathy. Shockingly, Piddubnyii, who signed his contract in February this year, is yet to receive a penny of his promised salary from the Sports Authority of India (SAI).The strain, naturally, is beginning to show on the 75-year-old Ukranian.\"I have big patience but my patience is breaking,\" Piddubnyii, who has coached men's free pistol world record holder Alexander Melentiev in the past, said. \"It's not just my salary from February onwards. I have been working with the Indian team for the last nine months and nobody in SAI is talking about the five months before February.\"Under Piddubnyii's tutelage are the young, talented but raw trio of Rahi Sarnobat, Heena Sidhu and Annu Raj Singh. The Soviet-era shooter was quick to point out that he would not walk away from his wards at this crucial stage of their development.\"From the point of view of shooting I am happy, but from the point of view of bureaucracy, I am ...,\" Piddubnyii did not complete the sentence, instead signalling a 'thumbs-down'. \"I will continue to work with the shooters, but for all other purposes I have stopped working with the National Rifle Association of India (NRAI) or SAI,\" he said on Friday.Piddubnyii has been living on a shoestring budget over the past few months. Gagan Narang's Gun for Glory academy, with whom he is originally employed, has been helping him out financially.The NRAI paid him a daily allowance when the squad was touring Europe in April-May.Sports Authority of India officials seem to be unaware of Piddubnyii's problems. \"As far as I know all things have been settled with him,\" said Ashwini Kumar, an assistant director with SAI and project officer in-charge of shooting. Another official, who according to Kumar handled Piddubnyii's account, could not be contacted.Though the coach is concerned he has not been able to send any money back home to his family in Ukraine, the mention of his shooters' performances brings an instant smile. \"The team has gelled well now,\" Piddubnyii says. \"Heena made the final in Munich (World Cup, May 21-28), where Annu missed it by one point. Indian shooting's future is very good.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943350", "title": "International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala: A venue to meet friends", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With the fifth edition of the International Documentary and Short Film Festival of Kerala (IDSFFK) off to a colourful start, movie buffs are busy catching up with their IDSFFK buddies and making new ones.The festival is not only a feast of movies but is a platform where like-minded people who are passionate about movies get to meet and broaden their horizons in the realm of films.What was just a festival for the elite men has now become a launching pad for many amateur filmmakers. \"Newcomers are pouring in to festivals like this. Most of them leave the festival determined to become movie makers,\" said Ajai Rahul, a filmmaker from Kochi, who has been a regular presence at all the editions of the festival.\"Moreover, this is also a place where you meet new people and exchange ideas to widen your perspectives,\" added Rahul.Anoop Ravindran, another young filmmaker who dropped his IT job to pursue his passion in filmmaking, also shares the same thought. \"It is like a reunion. You meet the old friends you made here in the previous editions and its exciting catching up with them again,\" said Ravindran. The friendship is also extended to social networking sites like Facebook. They garner a good collection of movies and exchange them when they meet at the festival. \"A great deal of sharing happens here. You stumble upon priceless collections at times,\" said Rahul.The festival is also a forum where you make more than just a casual friendship. It is not uncommon for people to develop professional relationships too. Ravindran recalls how he met Shehnad Jalal, a state award winning cinematographer last year. \"Shehnad is now working with me as my cameraman,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13947887", "title": "Spirited finish to MLC poll campaigning", "text": "MANGALORE: With D-Day for the legislative council fast approaching, the three major political parties are attempting to sway the electorate by levelling allegations and counter allegations.Former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy demanded that the BJP government clarify as to how many government schools and colleges were opened during the past four years. He told reporters here on Friday that during his 20-month tenure as chief minister, he opened several schools and colleges in the state.\"During my tenure, the government opened 189 first grade colleges, 500 junior colleges, six medical and six engineering colleges. Let the BJP leaders make public the statistics of number of institutes opened during their rule,\" Kumaraswamy said and called upon graduates and teachers to vote against BJP candidates in the election to legislative council to be held on Sunday.Congress leader B Janardhana Poojary lambasted BJP terming it a corrupt party and requested graduates and teachers to \"free the state from corruption by voting against BJP candidates.\"\"Even when there is corruption in Karnataka, the Team Anna Hazare does not utter a single word against the state. Neither Gujarat nor Karnataka has the Lokayukta, but team Anna is not bothered. It will be a warning bell for the BJP government if graduates and teachers elect the Congress candidates,\" he added.Meanwhile, BJP candidate from South-West Graduates Constituency Capt Ganesh Karnik said that the government had responded positively to several issues related to teachers and several initiatives were taken to solve the problems in the education sector.He added that the government is contemplating on solving the problem of delay in the distribution of salary to teachers. \"The government has already taken initiatives to credit salary directly to teachers' accounts. Very soon the system will be in place in the state,\" he added.Candidates in the frayCapt Ganesh Karnik (BJP), SP Dinesh (Congress) and SL Boje Gowda (JDS) among others are the candidates in the election to lgislative council in South-West Graduates Constituency.DH Shankara Murthy (BJP), Hosur Ramesh Joyappa (Congress) and CM Panchaksharaiah (JDS) are contesting from South-West Teachers Constitutency.Dry daysDeputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda declared dry days for two days, from 4pm on June 8 to 4pm on June 10 in view of the polls. Sale of liquor has been banned completely in all outlets including star hotels in the district.EC warns candidates pasting posters on public wallsThe State Election Commission has warned legislative council poll candidates not to paste notices or posters on public walls.Chief electoral officer CS Suranjana stated that they had received complaints that posters and pamphlets were being pasted by the candidates which amounted to clear violation of the provision of the Karnataka Open Places (Prevention of Disfigurement) Act 1981. One shall be punished with imprisonment of upto six months,a fine of Rs 1,000 or both in case notices or posters were pasted on public places without obtaining permission.The state government has issued circular directing all government and private sector institutions including banks, which function on Sunday, to allow graduates to exercise their franchise.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13948728", "title": "Seafood exports need no Chinese balm", "text": "KOCHI: While China granted its assent on May 31 to the export certification format furnished by the Export Inspection Council of India for Indian seafood exports, the move is not expected to lead to an exponential increase in exports to Beijing , say marine exports officials and the industry. Southeast Asia, led by the Asean bloc, has in the past decade emerged as a major market for Indian seafood exports.\"In fact, China's influence on the Indian seafood industry has been on the wane as exports to Southeast Asian countries are surging, thanks to various Indo-Asean trade agreements signed in recent years. We expect Asean to emerge as a powerful influence in exports to Southeast Asia during fiscal 2013, and China's share of Indian exports to fall by at least 2%,\" said a senior Mpeda official.Asean comprises Brunei , Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos , Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, Thailand and Vietnam . Under a Free Trade Agreement (FTA) with the bloc in 2009, it was decided to eliminate duty on 80% of the goods imported into these countries by 2013. The agreement came into effect in January 2010, and the original 30% tariff on Indian imports into Asean is proposed to be brought down to zero by 2014.\"Presently, the tariff on imports is around 10%; as this is lowered further, Southeast Asia, in particular the Asean bloc, will become our biggest market. This is clearly an advantage for Indian seafood exporters,\" the Mpeda official said.In the April-December period of 2011, Southeast Asia emerged as the largest market for Indian seafood exports with a share of 25.8% in US dollar realization and 39.6% in quantity. Exports to Southeast Asia posted 43.2% growth in quantity, 103.7% in rupee value and 96% in US dollar realization. Meanwhile, China accounted for just 7.1% of Indian exports during the period, with a sharp decline in quality and value terms.The surge in exports to the Southeast Asian region has been attributed to shortage of raw material in the Asean bloc. \"The successive import duty reductions under the new FTA regime will have a marginal, though significant, impact in increasing exports to Asean going forward. But I doubt if shrimp, our biggest export item to the Southeast Asian region, will benefit from the import duty reduction. But cuttle fish and squid exports stand to gain,\" said Abad Fisheries MD Anwar Hashim.Further, sources said that direct exports to China are now below 10%, and a majority of India's exports to China are routed through Asean nations like Thailand and the Phillippines for reprocessing. \"Any embargo by China on Indian exports for whatever reason, would not be a death blow to Indian seafood exports, though it can have some negative impact,\" exporters said.As per Mpeda, China had a 21% share of India's total marine products export worldwide with Indian seafood exports to China in fiscal 2011 touching Rs 1,978 crore. Fiscal 2012 numbers are awaited next month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13947214", "title": "People Liberation Front of India cadre killed", "text": "DALTONGANJ: A cadre of the People Liberation Front of India (PLFI) was killed in an encounter with police at Parswa village in Panki at 3pm on Friday. The body was recovered by police. District police chief A T Mathew has confirmed the death in encounter and recovery of the body along with a pistol. The identity of the rebel is yet to be established. \"Around 30 rounds were fired from each side,\" said the SP. The encounter lasted for about half an hour. There was no casualty on the police side.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13945580", "title": "Posh neighbourhood sheen fails to rub off on Shastri Nagar", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Though just one kilometer away from the state secretariat, half a kilometer from Raj Bhawan, a stone's throw from the palatial Police Commissionerate building and adjacent to the sprawling 120 battalion campus, Sastri Nagar doesn't seem to feature on the city's growth map. With about 650 plots and a population of over 25,000, the privately-owned area in the heart of the city bears several signs of neglect by city planners and policy makers over the years. The area has neither parks and playgrounds for children, nor a school in the vicinity, not to mention the menace of largescale illegal encroachment.However, contrary to the city's character, the locality boasts a unique culture of social bonding. Unlike residents of other posh localities in the city, people in this area come out to help each other in times of need and also share their joys and sorrows together. Sastri Nagar Unnayan Parishad, the residents' welfare association (RWA) of the locality, plays a major role in the affairs of the residents.President of Sastri Nagar Unnayan Parishad, Haren Sahoo said, \"We can say Sastri Nagar is a small village located in the heart of the city. It has its own governance system. Neighbours still share food with each other and come to the parishad to solve their disputes instead of calling the police.\"However, he mentioned that encroachment is a major problem in the locality. Huge patches of land along the Bidyut Marg have been illegally encroached upon by a handful of people who have sublet the area. Small markets have grown up illegally on the roadsides and plot owners have also encroached upon major portions of roads, squeezing them to half the former road space, Sahoo said. It also leads to drainage and sewage problems in the area. The ongoing sewage work in the area has made the already narrow roads non-commutable, Sahoo pointed out.Interestingly, the position of Sastri Nagar on Bhubaneswar Municipal Corporation map (after delimitation) is probably the main reason for its under-development. Half of Sastri Nagar is in ward no 25 and half in 34. Corporators of both the wards have been busy blaming each other for the woes of the area instead of joining hands for its development, locals alleged.Nabakishore Behera, corporator of ward no 25 said, \"Many a times we get confused which area comes under my jurisdiction and which is under the other corporator. About 80% work of my area is either complete or tender has been made. A park and a playground are longstanding demands of the area but due to encroachment we cannot progress.\"Ramanath Samataray, corporator of ward no 34, on the other hand said there is not much problem in his area expect water-logging, drainage and encroachment. \"We have written to the GA department to evict the encroachers. For drinking water facility a huge tank is being constructed. The money we are getting from the BMC cannot be spent.\"Duryodhan Rajhansha, a senior citizen and former president of the RWA, said, \"Unplanned development and growth of apartments are adding to the woes of the locality. A large number of apartments are coming up in the area without proper planning and civic amenities are a big nuisance in the area. Without improving the drainage, sewage, road and parking problems, how is the BDA approving plans for these highrises? Moreover, builders and some plot owners have made constructions over a major drain, causing severe water-logging in rainy season. We have written to the authorities several times, but to no avail.\"Bijay Kumar Mohanty, MLA, Bhubaneswar (Central), said, \"It is true that the area was left neglected for yeas but in the last few years several development works have been carried out in Sastri Nagar and its profile is changing fast. Residents join hands for the development of the area and have also been instrumental in digging up a pond which was encroached upon by a builder. There is a proposal for a park for Sastri Nagar but due to lack of vacant space nothing can be done.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943871", "title": "Body of 14-year-old found floating in Mithi", "text": "MUMBAI: The body of a 14-year-old boy was found floating in the Mithi river below the Dharavi bridge on Friday. \"The boy must have drowned somewhere else about three days ago,\" a Kherwadi police officer said.Cops said parts of the boy's face and body had been chewed up, but they ruled out any foul play as no abrasions or injury marks were found on the body.Cops said they had informed other police stations under whose jurisdiction the Mithi river comes to check if any missing person complaints had been lodged there. A case of accidental death has been registered at the Kherwadi police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13941168", "title": "Peacock reserve to come up in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: The city may get another attraction as the bio-diversity coordination meeting held on Friday proposed a community reserve for peacocks in Tiruparankundram and once materialised it may be the first of its kind according to forest officials. Tiruparankundram, the hillock known for Lord Subramanya Swamy temple found to be a good habitat for the peacocks as good number of them are found in the southern part of the hillock. There are also few white peacocks found among the ordinary variety.The bio-diversity coordination meeting called by the district collector, Anshul Mishra to discuss the bio-diversity measures to be implemented in the district proposed a community reserve for the peacocks in Tiruparankundram. The meeting also discussed about forming of bio-diversity management committees at local body levels. These committees would be entrusted with the job of approving utilisation of bio-diversity resources in the respective local bodies. Sholavandhan and Alanganallur areas have large tracts of forest lands that thrive as bio-diversity spots.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13948525", "title": "H&R; Johnson eyes Kerala for bath division growth", "text": "KOCHI: Floor tile, bath and kitchen player H&R; Johnson India, a division of Prism Cement Ltd , has rolled out its germ-free sanitaryware in Kerala as part of its foray into the premium category health bathroom product business. H&R; Johnson plans to scale up its bath division by investing in capacities and enhancing its distribution network in Kerala, said Ajit Singh , VP (sales) Johnson Bath division, on Friday.The company claims to have developed a 'SilverNano Technology' for an anti-bacterial ingredient in ceramic manufacturing, which it has employed in its germ-free sanitaryware. \"We expect the addition of anti-bacterial sanitaryware to catalyze the future growth of the division.The technology was developed by scientists at our R&D; lab at Pen in Raigarh district of Maharashtra,\" Singh said. The market rollout of germ-free sanitaryware in Kerala is expected to be completed by this month. Following this, the sanitaryware will be available at the House of Johnson modern retail stores of the company as well as a large network of exclusive dealers in Kerala.The rollout will be supported by Johnson's marketing offices and an extensive distribution network in Kerala. \"We expect Kerala to be a key driver of business volumes in South India. We have seen that the Kerala market is very prompt in its acceptance of innovations and new products.In fact, we have been able to record growth rates well above our national average in products like instant showers and shower panels in Kerala,\" Singh said.In fiscal 2012, H&R; Johnson India's revenues crossed Rs 1,729 crore, recording business growth of 18%. Its overall contribution to Prism Cement's consolidated revenues was 35% during the year. H&R; Johnson has a market share of 22% in India currently. Sales volumes crossed 46 million sq metres last fiscal.The Johnson Bath division clocked Rs 103 crore in revenues for H&R; Johnson India in fiscal 2012. The division grew by 40% against the overall industry growth of 20% as well as organised sector's growth of 30%. As part of the company's plans to scale up the division, it plans to invest in building new capacities as well as enhance its distribution network going forward, Singh said.Established in 1958, H&R; Johnson has grown its dealer network in India to 1,200 outlets, with 15,000 sub-dealers, 54 modern retail stores, 34 branches and 39 depots.The company has 11 manufacturing units nationally, which are wholly-owned and operated facilities as well as joint venture enterprises.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940517", "title": "Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act invoked against 4 suspects", "text": "PUNE: The police have invoked the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA) against four suspects in an attempted murder case as investigations had revealed that they were members of an organised crime syndicate.The charge of investigations in the case was transferred to assistant commissioner of police (Cantonment division) Mohammad Makandar.The Bund Garden police had arrested Ajay Memane, Shankar Naik, Balu Mhetre and Sachin Mhaske, all from Tadiwala Road, for allegedly attempting to murder Durvesh Sarvagoud on March 24. Three sickles and a knife were seized from the suspects.On Thursday, the suspects were produced before judicial magistrate first class Rohidas Wankhade for seeking police custody remand of 20 days under the MCOCA.Assistant public prosecutor Rajendra Suryavanshi told the court that the suspects were criminals on record of the Bund Garden police station between 2006 and 2012 and also members of an organised crime syndicate.According to Suryavanshi, custodial interrogation of the suspects was essential to find out whether they have received pecuniary benefits from the crime syndicate, who are their accomplices and whether they are enjoying any political patronage.Defence counsel Sachin Thombare opposed the prosecution's plea on the grounds that the police had interrogated the suspects when they were arrested. He refuted the allegations that his clients were members of a crime syndicate.The court sent the suspects to police custody remand till June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945817", "title": "Inflated BCom marks come under criticism", "text": "MUMBAI: The results of final-year BCom students may be out, but some grim news looms ahead. The new marking pattern has apparently caused some amount of inconsistency in the grades that have been awarded to students.Principals of several colleges are blaming the new 60:40 marking pattern for causing the problem. This year, 40% of assessment took place at individual colleges. The university marked students for the remaining 60%. The principals say students can now be divided into two groups: those who scored proportionally in both the college test and the university exam, and those who performed exceptionally well in college assessment, but scored poorly in the university exam.\"Several members of the academic council have demanded that students' marks be scaled proportionately to what they scored in the university exam,\" said a council member.Most college principals, who met at an academic council meet, pointed out the irregularity in the commerce result. A faculty member said, \"There are several students who have scored 35, 36, and even 39 out of 40 in internal assessment. But they did not manage to get even 50% marks in the university exam.\"Commerce students passing from the portals of the Mumbai University have never had it better. Beyond the fact that results were out in good time, most students' score cards are shining with astonishing grades. The success rate of this year's TYBCom students stands at 81.5%--over 18% more than the previous year.Not only did the overall success rate climb up, even the number of students who bagged first-class rose by over 100%. While 17,956 students scored a first-class last year, 39,628 candidates crossed 60% this year. The expansion of the first-class club has seen a subsequent drop in the number of students who scored second-class grades and students who were given pass-class.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943443", "title": "Yeshwant Club poll campaigning picks up", "text": "INDORE: With Yeshwant Club elections barely a fortnight away -- June 24-- campaigning has gathered momentum. Some 4,000 members of the club, including 900 women , will cast their vote to elect members for the new managing committee of more than seven decade old club.There are two panels in the fray. The incumbent chairman, Paramjit Singh Chhabra (Pummy) is trying his luck again. The other panel is led by Bholu Mehta. He had served as the club chairman in the past.The candidates are trying to woo electorates by contacting them at their office through e-mails, Facebook and even letters.Pummy's panel is banking on discipline, development, entertainment, sports and harmony to sail through. I will strive to work harder this time for the club's popularity, says Pummy's panel manifesto. The rival panel is trying to win election by promising sports and other activities on the club premises.Talking to ToI, Pummy said, \"I have taken care of everything required for the development of the club during my regime, ranging from entertainment and recreation facilities for kids to sports facilities. Apart from it, a host of sports promotional activities were introduced during my tenure, including renovation of three badminton courts, two flood-lit tennis courts, one new squash court and construction of a number of changing rooms at the swimming poolside. The entire club premises, measuring 6 lakh sq feet of developed space, was also wi-fied during my tenure, claimed Pummy.in the manifesto, Mehta stresses on \"The club is a home away from home and it should be run with a vision and special touch. I assure you that I will strive hard to provide the right feeling with strong discipline administration, updated sports facilities and extremely improved and hygienic catering services.\"\"The existing facilities in the club are good. Still, I think there is room for improvement and up-gradation, said Sunil Bajaj, who is contesting for the post of secretary from the Mehta panel.But all members do not think that all is well with the club.Sudhir Airen, a member of the club, says that they go to the club for cool atmosphere. The atmosphere is not congenial for the past few days. I don't see people meeting in the lobby these days, he adds. Tejvir Juneja, who is currently serving as a joint secretary of the club, but not seeking re-election, said cordial atmosphere should be maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13952728", "title": "Case against hospital for woman's death", "text": "NASHIK: Over a month after a woman died in an elevator mishap, a complaint has been registered against the management of the Magnum Heart Institute (MHI) for causing death due to negligence.In the complaint registered at the Sarkarwada police station on Friday, Manmad resident Parashram JamdamalPhulwani (48) has held the hospital management responsible for the death of his brother's wife as the elevator they used in the hospital had come crashing down, injuring the couple.The accident occurred on May 4, when Rajkumar and Bharati Phulwani, who had been to the hospital to meet an ailing relative, took the elevator. Apparently, some snag developed in the elevator and it came crashing down, injuring both of them seriously. The elevator had reporedtly got locked and it took quite some time for the hospital staff to open it and pull the couple out.Initially, the medical officers at the MHI said the condition of both the patients was stable and none of them had suffered any major injuries. The staff at the hospital also said the victims were only administered painkillers. However, the following night, Bharati passed away during treatment.Sources from Magnum hospital said Bharati died of a heart attack and not due to the injuries she sustained in the elevator accident. They also said that the deceased was admitted to the hospital on three occasions earlier to get treatment for heart disease.The director of the hospital, Manoj Chopda, however, refused to comment on the complaint filed against the hospital management by Parashram Phulwani, brother-in-law of the deceased. Apart from the management of the hospital, the complainant has also charged the contractor of the elevator for causing Bharati's death by negligence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13948960", "title": "Won't tolerate such elements: Oommen Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government will deal sternly with moral policing, chief minister Oommen Chandy said categorically. \"In all such incidents, all those who are involved would be brought to book,\" he said when rising incidents of moral policing in different parts of the state was brought to his attention.\"All those who have any complaints, can approach the police. Nobody will be allowed to take the law into their hands,\" he said during a meet-the-press programme here on Friday. When told about the observation by state human rights panel chairperson that religious fundamentalists are behind the increasing incidents of moral policing, Chandy said he didn't want to comment on that.The chief minister also refused to comment on the recent controversy involving the change of the name of official residence of education minister P K Abdu Rabb from Ganga to Grace.On the fifth minister controversy that haunted him during the first year in office, he said it was blown out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "peshawar", "code": "13946133", "title": "Blast rips apart bus in Pakistan, 20 killed", "text": "PESHAWAR: At least 20 people, including six women and two children, were killed and over 40 injured when a bomb exploded on a bus carrying government employees and other civilians to the suburbs of Pakistan's northwestern city of Peshawar on Friday.The bus was taking lower rank government officials and 24 other passengers from Peshawar to their homes in Charsadda town.When it reached Gul Bela village area on the outskirts of Peshawar, the bomb planted inside it went off, almost completely destroying the back half of the colorfully decorated bus.\"Since the rear of the vehicle was affected the most in the explosion, the bomb might have been planted there and detonated remotely,\" said provincial information minister Mian Iftikhar Hussain.Bloodied pieces of human flesh littered the seats, along with blood-stained clothes and pieces of twisted metal on the road. The dead and injured were shifted to hospitals in Peshawar and Charsadda.Peshawar borders the country's volatile tribal belt, a stronghold of Taliban, al-Qaida and affiliated militant groups. The city has suffered more terror attacks than other parts of the country over the past five years.The violence has dropped in recent months partly due to Pakistani military operations against the local Taliban in various parts of the tribal region. No group has so far claimed responsibility for the latest attack but the Pakistani Taliban have carried out hundreds of similar bombings across the country.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958382", "title": "I got my voice back through Twitter: Cheryl Cole", "text": "Cheryl Cole, who was recently blasted for her performance on the Queen's Diamond Jubilee Concert, has revealed that Twitter has boosted her confidence and she is now happy to have a bust-up online.The 'Girls Aloud' star has insisted that she in no longer afraid to hit back at critics on the social networking site.Speaking about her newfound feisty side, the 28-year-old singer explained that she really doesn't know what she had been doing on Twitter all this while.\"I don't know what I was doing before Twitter, I really don't. Burying my head in the sand. I never answer back unprovoked... But I'm always answering something back. I don't have any middle-men now. I've got my voice back,\" the Daily Mail quoted her as saying.Earlier this year, the crooner got embroiled into a spat with her former 'X Factor' protegee, Cher Lloyd, who had made snide comments about her old mentor's dependence on Auto-Tune and ability to sing live.\"Be careful who you kick on your way up... They kick you twice as hard on your way back down,\" Cole tweeted, answering Lloyd back.The pretty brunette, who came under fire for allegedly miming during her comeback performance on 'The Voice', insisted that she took criticism as a compliment.\"If you think my live vocal sounds so good it must be mimed, I'm happy. I take it as a compliment,\" she added during her appearance on a BBC show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13956829", "title": "Tripura first state in Northeast to have IIIT", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura will be the first state in the northeast to have an Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT), Education Minister Tapan Chakraborty said on Friday.He said that during a recent visit to Delhi, Union HRD and Information Technology Minister Kapil Sibal had informed him that the northeast's first IIIT would be set up in the state.The central government had decided to set up 20 more IIITs in different parts of the country of which five would be set up in the first phase. Tripura figured in the first phase, Chakraborty told reporters here.Noting that cost of would be Rs 128 crore, the minister said it would be set up in the PPP model with the central government bearing 57.5 per cent, the state government 35 per cent and the rest by a private entrepreneur.At present there are four IIITs at Allahabad, Gwalior, Jabalpur and Kanchipuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "manali", "code": "13947488", "title": "2 curators for Roerich museum", "text": "MANALI: The row over handling the affairs of International Roerich Memorial Trust finally seems to be over with the ministry of external affairs suggesting two curators - one Indian and another Russian - for the Naggar-based Roerich museum near Manali in Himachal Pradesh.HP state chief secretary Sudripta Roy told TOI, \"The MEA has suggested to the state government that two curators from India and Russia should be appointed. The MHA intervention may now solve the issue but the final decision would still be taken by the trustees.\" A five-member team of a commission from International Centre of the Roerichs, Moscow, is expected to reach Naggar next week to take charge of the curator of International Roerich Memorial Trust (IRMT) from Alena Adamkova.The trust had got embroiled in a controversy last year after former IAS officer and lifetime trustee of IRMT had leveled allegations of financial mismanagement against Russian curator Alena Adamkova following which HP government and Russian embassy had locked horns over her removal.There were also allegations that some artistic works of the Nicholas Roerich and his son Svetoslav Roerich are missing from the museum and some paintings may have been replaced by duplicate ones. Also, the HP government had alleged that the trust was violating Foreign Contributions Regulations Act (FCRA) by accepting donations from Russia. The state government had also ordered an inquiry into the matter.There are 52 paintings by Nicholas Roerich in the Naggar museum, which are valued at over Rs 100 crore. Eminent painter Roerich along with his wife and two sons had made Naggar their home and the trust was set up by renowned Indian actress Devika Rani. Meanwhile, Alena told TOI on Friday that the MHA suggestion was a breach of rules and regulations of the trust and that she was being harassed by the Himachal Pradesh government.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943370", "title": "'Centre ignoring 25,000 tonnes toxic waste'", "text": "BHOPAL: The survivors' organizations in Bhopal have criticized the Centre for ignoring 25,000 tonnes of toxic waste lying in open in solar evaporation ponds, 400 meters north of the abandoned Union Carbide plant. The victims also demanded that the Dow chemicals bear the expense for toxic waste disposal in Germany.The reaction came shortly after the GoM gave its approval to MP government to dispose of the waste overseas on Friday. Gas activist Abdul Jabbar said, \"The decision is a proof that the government is still unwilling to understand the actual issue. Taking toxic waste to Germany using the taxpayers' money is like succumbing to the United States pressure of being soft on Dow Chemicals.\"Rachna Dhingra of the Bhopal Group for Action and Information said \"The solar evaporation ponds with 25,000 metric tonnes hazardous chemicals lying in open is the real threat which the authorities concerned need to address. The ill-effects of the solar evaporation ponds have risked the lives of over a lakh of survivors of the gas victims residing in the gas-affected localities,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13941257", "title": "Association of University Teachers unhappy over appointment of \u2018incharge\u2019", "text": "TRICHY: The Association of University Teachers (AUT) has taken strong exception to the appointment of a non-academician and an administrative officer as 'in-charge' Regional Joint Director of Collegiate Education (RJDCE), Trichy region. An assistant director from the administrative side, Raja Man Singh took charge as the RJDCE on May 31 from Mary Magi, who superannuated.While the government colleges come under the purview of the Chennai-based director of collegiate education, the Trichy RJDCE controls 22 aided colleges with 1,300 teachers and 700 non-teaching staff in this region. \"At this crucial time when the colleges are reopening, the RJDCE is supposed to check if the government's newly released admission guidelines are being followed. The state government had also issued an order to fill 3,120 sanctioned teaching and non-teaching posts (assistant professors, librarians, physical directors) out of which 622 vacancies fall within Trichy region. The appointment of a non-teaching staff to the crucial post is unthinkable,\" AUT's state president K Pandiyan told TOI.On the contrary, Raja Man Singh told TOI that appointing a person from the administrative side was not without precedent, and a certain A K Duraisamy had similarly occupied the post in 2007. However, Duraisamy had lasted in the post for only three weeks. \"I am just carrying out the day-to-day activities and I do not have financial powers,\" Singh further said. However, he confirmed that it was only the second time since the office of RJDCE was created in the late seventies that a non-teaching person had been asked to take charge of the post.There are six RJDCE offices at Chennai, Vellore, Coimbatore, Trichy, Madurai and Tirunelveli. Countering that the department of higher education should not set a wrong precedent, Pandiyan said that the post had traditionally been filled from among the administratively seasoned principals of government colleges and the senior most among them occupied the post hitherto.The AUT has appealed to the director of collegiate education to rescind this unusual decision and appoint any of the regular principals of the 19 government colleges as the in-charge RJDCE of Trichy region.At this crucial time when the colleges are reopening, the RJDCE is supposed to check if the government's newly released admission guidelines are being followed. The appointment of a non-teaching staff to the crucial post is unthinkable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13939986", "title": "Railways goes off track to get on track", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Railways (CR) will make passengers go off track for coming five days in order to get on track in the coming years. CR is in the final stages of installing route relay interlocking (RRI), an advanced signalling system that will smoothen flow of trains through Nagpur and enhance the safety mechanism. CR bosses promise that after some time trains stopping at suburban stations or on the outer will reduce significantly. The congestion at platforms will go down and the possibility of accidents will also become negligible.However, railway passengers will have to face a lot of inconvenience till June 13 when the new system becomes operational. Indian Railways has rescheduled 36 trains in these five days. Nagpur will be affected the most while passengers of Gondia will have to travel to Nagpur for boarding Vidarbha Express and Maharashtra Express.The passengers travelling by the rescheduled trains can get information on telephone number 139 and Indian Railways' website . CR has started a counter on platform number 1 near the station superintendent's chamber for providing information. This counter is the best source of information.Brijesh Dixit, divisional railway manager ( DRM) of CR, told the media on Friday that RRI at Nagpur will be commissioned on June 13. \"The number of routes will increase from 369 to 533. Till now, Kalyan had the highest number of routes in Central Railways but Nagpur has gone ahead.\"Explaining the advantages of the new system, Dixit said that after it became operational all the signals would be synchronized. \"A train will get one signal after another. The system will also ensure that no other train moves on that route. This will minimize possibility of an accident. Earlier, a large number of railway accidents took place in the country but due to use of technology they have come down sharply.\"Commenting on inconvenience to passengers, Dixit said that CR had worked very hard to chalk out a plan to minimize it. \"We have talked to Starbus authorities to increase trips to Ajni and Itwari stations in the next four to five days. The trains will be only stopped at stations which have proper arrangements for food and water.\"The old RRI was commissioned in 1978 and the machinery has become aged. About three years ago cables in a signalling room near Loha Pul had got burnt. This had stopped railway traffic for four hours. There are a number of railway projects coming up in and around the city: Nagpur-Wardha triple line, Nagpur-Kalamna double line, Kalamna-Godhni chord line and Nagpur-Chhindwara gauge conversion. These will increase the railway traffic through the city. Therefore, upgradation of infrastructure was need of the hour.ADVANTAGES OF SYSTEM UPGRADEHelp in reducing unscheduled halts at outer and suburban stationsEnsure that railway accidents do not take placeIncrease operational efficiencyReduce congestion on platforms of Nagpur stationGoods cabin will be merged with signalling ones to save manpower", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "amravati", "code": "13940713", "title": "Local body tax to replace octroi in Amravati", "text": "AMRAVATI: The state government has decided to implement local body tax (LBT) in Amravati Municipal Corporation from July 1 instead of octroi despite opposition from corporators from all the parties. Though a government resolution (GR) was issued on Friday, the standing committee of AMC will appeal to implement the decision after March 31, 2013.The GR was issued for implementation of LBT in six municipal corporations of Maharashtra, including Amravati and Chandrapur in Vidarbha. The decision has come as a shock for AMC which is already facing financial problems due to which the corporators had opposed the move.Congress and NCP corporators had recently met deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar and narrated the plight of AMC and urged him not to replace octroi with LBT. Octroi is the major source of income for the corporation. The standing committee convened an emergency meeting on Friday which passed a resolution that government would be urged to not implement the decision at least till next year. Chairman of the standing committee Chetan Pawar said the request would be made as the income of AMC was planned taking into consideration revenue from octroi.LBT is an account-based tax and AMC would need expert officials for proper implementation. AMC is already facing staff crunch, said Bablu Shekhavat, Congress party leader. Prashant Wankhede, leader of the opposition, echoed similar views. He said AMC is facing bad condition hence the government should provide special grant.The business fraternity in Amravati has also opposed LBT. Suresh Jain, president of Amravati Merchants Association, said that the body was opposed to such tax. \"We had appealed to chief minister to abolish local taxes like octroi, cess and LBT. We are already paying VAT. Maharashtra is the only state which is charging VAT as well as local taxes from businessmen,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944132", "title": "UP Board class X results: Farmer\u2019s son aspires to become engineer", "text": "LUCKNOW: There is no end to dreams. Sachin Maurya who secured 92.8% marks in UP Boards class X is an exemplary. Two years back, Sachin who was in search of good education left his native place, Balia and came to Lucknow and lived with his maternal uncle.'The quality of education is bad in Sachin's village. Since he is a bright child, we wanted him to pursue his education from Lucknow. Because of extra facilities, we admitted him to a good school. And today he has made us proud,'' said his aunt, Laxmi Devi, Sachin's aunt.Sachin's father is a small time farmer while his mother is a primary school teacher.\"With meagre income of Sachin's parents, it was difficult for him to pursue good education. Therefore, we got him here as education alone can help in overcoming hardships,'' said Laxmi.Elated with his success, Sachin said, \"I worked hard for it. Since my exams went pretty well, I was expecting a good score.''A student of Lucknow Public School, Jail road, Sachin aspires to be a mechanical engineer. When asked why, he said, \"I am inspired from my uncle who is a mechanical engineer in Indian Railways.''Similar is the case of Anna Yadav who hails from a village in Suratganj. The16-year-old boy has never seen electricity in his village.\"I used to study in candle light and lanterns in the night as there was total silence during those hours,'' said Anna talking from Suratganj.Living in a family with his four brothers, two sisters and mother, it was easy for Anna to study without interference. \"We never took any work from him. He was always a bright student and we wanted him to concentrate only in his studies,'' said Jagdish Yadav, Anna's eldest brother who manages the entire household after his father's death in 2009.Unable to express his happiness, Jagdish said, \"I had come to a hospital in Lucknow when the news of Anna's success broke. It was unbelievable for all.''He informed that the family earns a livelihood of less than Rs 60,000 per year. \"We have a huge family. We cut down on our basic needs but ensure that all my siblings get education,'' said Jagdish.(Priyangi Agarwal, Asmita Pandey, Swati Sharma)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13959026", "title": "Sarabjit counsel to fight another Indian prisoner's case", "text": "AMRITSAR: The counsel of Sarabjit Singh , Awais Sheikh, has now set the wheel in motion for the release of another Indian on death row Kirpal Singh after his family in India authorized him to take up Kirpal's case.Awaish Sheikh told TOI on Saturday that he had written a letter to the Indian High Commission in Islamabad seeking details of the case of Kirpal Singh. He said he had sought details so that he could file a mercy petition for Kirpal Singh before the President of Paksitan. \"Once I get some details of the case, I will seek appointment to meet him in Kot Lakhpat jail and will move his case along with Sarabjit Singh's case, \" he said.While expressing gratitude towards Sheikh, sister of Kirpal Singh said, \"I could never take up the case of my brother due to poverty but now my prayers have been answered as Sheikh has decided to contest Kirpal's case also.\"Ashwani Kumar, nephew of Kirpal Singh, informed that Kirpal had crossed over to Pakistan on February 29, 1992 and was arrested on charges of bomb explosion and spying. He was sentenced to death.Later Pakistan's high court had acquitted him of charges of bomb blast but didn't rescind his death sentence in spying case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958849", "title": "Kaksparsh", "text": "'Kaksparsh' tells you about feelings which are no matter how pure but are always labeled as 'forbidden'. The social environment in present 21 st century is much free but the effect it caused in pre-independence India was much more serious.The movie revolved around Hari (Sachin Khedekar), who is planning the wedding of his brother Mahadev, with the help of his close friend Balwant. Mahadev marries a teenaged girl Uma (Ketki Mategaonkar &amp; Priya Bapat), who hasn't even reached puberty yet. Tragedy strikes barely a few months later, as young Mahadev dies the very night they were to finally consummate their wedding. This leads to more complicated love-story between two individuals Hari and Uma who are burdened by the responsibilities bestowed upon them.The strong point of the movie is the cast - Sachin Khedekar and Priya Bapat who have done their roles commendably. Director Mahesh Manjrekar gets the applause for the strong script and presentation of such a sensitive issue. Every small detail of the movie is taken care of with great patience, starting from the typical Brahmin household in Konkon region to all the accessories the women wore along with the soft lyrics of the songs which takes you into that era! Ketki Mategaonkar who played young Uma has done justice to her small but significant role. She looks the part complete and with her easy acting she wins audience hearts. Priya Bapat who played 'Older Uma' has more responsibility on her shoulder but she has fulfilled the challenge with her great acting skills.Sachin Khedekar after giving many power-packed performances again amazes you with his characterization of 'Hari'. Girish Joshi's strong script, Ajeet Reddy's cinematography and Ajit-Sameer's music gives you a complete winner with 'Kaksparsh'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13939942", "title": "Women ready to contest civic bodies polls", "text": "ALLAHABAD: When it comes to contesting elections either state assembly polls or local body elections, fairer sex in city are not leaving any stone unturned to register their presence.While 585 males have filed their nomination for post of corporators, 352 women have filed their nominations to contest elections from a total of 80 wards of the city. Interstingly 25 women are contesting from Transport Nagar ward and single woman candidate is contesting from Beniganj, Bakshi Bazar and Attarsuiya etc. Also a total of 33 women are contesting on mayoral seat. More or less, 480 women are contesting in Nagar Panchayat elections.As per records, a total of 25 women are contesting elections on corporator post in Transport nagar ward. Woman are contesting from other wards also like Sulemsarai (12), Jayantipur (11) , Harwara (7), Mundera (7), Himmatganj (8), Karelabagh (10), Dariyabad part -1( 8), Myroabad (11) , Civil Lines-II ( 13), Kazipur (15), Allenganj (15) , Teliyarganj (8), Alopibagh (13), Katra (9)and Kareli (21).A woman contestant while talking to TOI claims, \"We too know how to contest elections and win. When there is good strength of women voters in every ward, so women contestants could do a better job for the area\".Going through the records, the fairer sex had actively participated in recently held assembly elections (state assembly elections 2012) where 56.25 % women voters had cast their franchise as compared to men (54.18 %). A total of 17 women candidates had contested 2012 assembly elections from major political parties.Since there is a good strength of women voters in the region, both male and female contestants have started their attempts to woo their voters. As per assembly data available, all the 12 assembly seats of Allahabad comprising Phaphamau, Phulpur, Soraon, Pratappur, Handia, Meja, Karchana, Allahabad West, Allahabad south, Allahabad North, Bara and Koraon assembly constituencies, eight of them had similar strength of voters (over 1.3 lakhs in each seat) as compared to their male counterparts.Shefali Mishra, a bank employee says, \" Its good to see that many women have come forward to contest elections on corporators post \". She added that women are quite aware about their voting rights and this is the prime reason that they are now actively participating in elections .She added that political parties should offer more representation to women as they can do well in the field of politics.\"Similar views were expressed by another student, Sujata, who said that there should be equal distribution of tickets and women leaders of all political parties should raise this issue before their leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940220", "title": "Airport looses its greenery due to lack of maintenance", "text": "NAGPUR: On one hand Mihan India Limited (MIL), the airport operator company of Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar International Airport is claiming to develop more landscapes and gardens near the terminal building and carrying out plantation on approach road, on the other its officials have no reply on the slowly dying existing lawns and newly planted palm trees.Sources at airport claimed that exactly five years ago, as part of Airport modernization project, the one-km approach road was widened to four lanes and was also beautified with landscaping and plantation on adjoining land. Further in bid to beautify the entrance to the airport premises and give airport a greener look, gardens were developed and landscaping were carried out.However, due to MIL officials and private contractors' apathy the trees are dying and the lawns are losing its lustre, resulting in the airport premises and approach roads wearing a barren look. In addition, the figures of mother and child, deer, camel and other species of animals created from various plants and installed just near the entrance of airport terminal, are also missing , sources informed.Since last three months of summer, most of the plants, lawns have either dried up or are suffering due to lack of maintenance. Many are stooping due to absence of support and may die soon. Even the palm trees planted by one of the biggest industrial group are also on the verge of dying, sources informed.\"Many passengers are surprised to see pathetic condition of airport premises which was once a green field,\" said Nikhil Rokde, a resident of Pawanbhommi, who regularly goes to airport for an evening walk.He said that few months ago the road from Hotel Pride to the parking of Airport emerged as the favourite haunt for young couples to spend winter evenings because of the lush green lawns and cool weather. The spot was also frequented by people, especially families to sit on the lawn on either side of the road, he addedA senior MIL official requesting anonymity admitted that lawns and trees planted on approach road are gradually dying due to lack of maintenance and water scarcity at the airport area. However he said, MIL has finalized plan to appoint new contractor for its maintenance who will start work soon on the project.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938249", "title": "Two men get 10-year rigorous imprisonment for gang rape of minor", "text": "CHENNAI: Two 26-year-old men have been sentenced to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment after being found guilty of gang rape of a minor in 2005. Meena Satheesh, sessions judge, Mahalir Court (Women's Court), passed orders on the matter. They were also fined 10,000 each.T Magendiran and K Selvakumar were among the four accused. While S Karthikeyan, the third accused, died during the trial in July 2008, the fourth was a juvenile and underwent a separate trial. Additional public prosecutor Gowri Ashokan said the incident occurred on September 26, 2005 at a slum tenement in Sathyavani Muthu Nagar, Otteri. A 15-year-old girl lived in the same neighbourhood. According to her sister, who was three years older and worked in an appalam-manufacturing unit, the girl dropped out of school and was not employed.The four boys drew the girl into a fight when she was alone at home and then tried to patch up. Subsequently, they made her come to Selvakumar's house around 1pm on September 26, where they assaulted her. When her older sister returned home in the evening, the girl narrated the events that transpired. Both of them went to visit an acquaintance Devi, associated with the CPI, and then lodged a complaint at the Secretariat Colony police station.\"The girl passed away 11 months after the incident due to an illness. But, she had deposed before the Juvenile Justice Board during the trial of the fourth accused. He was subsequently convicted. Though she died before being able to give evidence in this trial, I produced a copy of the judgment from the JJB, since the evidence would hold good in this court as well,\" said APP Gowri Ashokan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13941992", "title": "Mithilesh is in coma, Rubina critical: AIIMS", "text": "NEW DELHI: Neither of the two women battling for life at AIIMS trauma centre injuries were wearing helmets while riding pillion on two-wheelers, said their family members.\"Mithilesh has been on the ventilator for the past four days and has slipped into a coma. We conducted a major surgery on her on Tuesday to remove a bone and a blood clot from the brain but there is no significant improvement in her condition,\" said Dr Deepak Agarwal, a neurosurgeon at AIIMS trauma centre.Her husband, Mahesh Kumar Prajapati, who lives in Dadri, said he was bringing her back from her parents' place. \"I was trying to speed past a truck when I lost balance. She was sitting with her legs on one side and and was flung away under the impact. I carried her on my shoulders in an unconscious state to a local hospital. When the doctors there gave up, we rushed her to AIIMS,\" he said. The couple got married in February this year. \"I survived unhurt because I was wearing a helmet,\" Mahesh added.Rubina, who has two children, is seven months pregnant. She had got a call from her parents' home near Gurgaon on Tuesday informing her that her brother had met with an accident. She rushed to see him, despite the family trying to stop her, with her three-year-old daughter and cousin. A mini-truck hit the motorcycle from the rear and she fell on the road along with her daughter. While her cousin, who was driving, and the child escaped unhurt, she suffered a severe head injury and was left unconscious. She was rushed to a local hospital and then to AIIMS. \"In the past 72 hours, she has shown no improvement. She is critical. The foetus is unharmed,\" said Liaqat, her younger brother.Though the Delhi government had told Delhi HC that it would make helmets compulsory for women riders, it changed its stance. This was seen as respecting Sikh sentiments. So, will women continue to pay with their lives when a simple step of wearing a helmet is all that is needed? It can be done if the government has the will - the seatbelt for car drivers is an example.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "guml", "code": "13947069", "title": "Police pat for board exam toppers in Gumla", "text": "GUML: Inspector general (IG) of police Arun Oraon on Thursday felicitated the boys and girls who performed well in board examinations conducted by the Jharkhand Academic Council and CBSC.He felicitated 18 students including district toppers in matriculation and intermediate in a function organized by Blue Diamond Society, a social organization. Sushanti Kumari of St Anna Girls' School, Chainpur; Puja Kumari of GMH School, Kamdara; Mohd Faizal of St Ignatius School, Gumla were awarded. Others include the district toppers in the science, arts and commerce streams in the intermediate, Rashmi Kumari, Parimita Kumari and Uma Kumari respectively, Rahul Kumar of Saraswati Vidhya Mandir, Gumla; Sonam Kumari of DAV, I Minz and Dipti Ekka of St Patrick High School, Homa Sofia and Alia Anjum of Ursuline Convent, Gumla.Later Oraon interacted with villagers, especially the women , and visited the middle school, gram sansad building at Jhargaon village. He enquired about the progress of a plantation work. He lauded the role of the villagers and the administration in developing this tribal-dominated region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13939980", "title": "Cong makes last-ditch efforts to woo dalit voters", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: Worried over reports that dalit voters are rallying behind Jaganmohan Reddy, Congress is making a last-ditch effort to win over them by rushing top dalit leaders in all the 18 assembly bypoll constituencies. Sources said a desperate Congress leadership took this step as dalits have been a strong votebank for decades and it fears that desertion of SC/ST voters would ruin its electoral prospects in future.Perturbed over losing ground to the Jagan camp, Congress high command rushed its all-India general secretary Oscar Fernandes, a known Christian face at the national level, to woo the heads of the churches in the state. Fernandes, who made a whirlwind tour to the state recently, held closed-door meetings with pastors in Guntur and promised them all 'help' from the Centre in return for their support to the Congress candidates. He also met top leaders from Lutheran church and bishops, who could influence the electorate at the village level.Party insiders said Fernandes' visit was significant in the wake of fears expressed by the churches about dwindling foreign funding for both charity and missionary activities in the recent past. Although only two segments, Prathipadu and Payakaraopet, are SC reserved among the 18 segments that are going to polls on June 12, every assembly segment has about 20-25% SC population which Congress believes is considerable till the results on June 15.\"Congress is worried that desertion of SC votes would deal a severe blow to its prospects in the coming byelections and also in all the future elections. It cannot fritter away the advantage of dalit vote-bank built over several years,\" senior analyst Ramanjaneya Charyulu pointed out. A wary Congress even deputed deputy chief minister Damodar Rajanarasimha, who hails from Telangana, to campaign for its candidates in the segments in Andhra and Rayalaseema regions.Rajanarasimha is organising dalit activists' meetings to woo the community. He said that he would attend a seminar in Guntur on June 9. Rajya Sabha member J D Seelam has been visiting all the segments for the last one month chiefly to 'tackle' Christian voters. Medical education minister Kondru Murali, also an SC, was vocal among all the Dalit leaders and first to launch a vitriolic attack on YSR family.Rural development minister Dokka Manikya Varaprasad pitched for the dalit sentiment by tilling the Vanpic land near Ongole where he said that a majority ousted by the project were dalits. Union junior textile minister Panabaka Lakshmi, also an SC, began her election campaign with an appeal to Christian voters not to support the YSR Congress Party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939398", "title": "Age-old \u2018mulgis\u2019 near historic mosque razed", "text": "HYDERABAD: Scores of structures on one of the oldest stretches in the city are being pulled down by the GHMC as part of a road-widening exercise. Around 30 shops in the immediate vicinity of the 300-year-old Miyan Mishq Mosque on the Puranapul-Karwan road were demolished last week and several others are likely to meet the same fate.GHMC authorities are going ahead with the demolition without the participation of departments which have a stake in the heritage and religious structures. The drive started with municipal authorities removing commercial and residential units on both sides of the road starting at Puranapul crossroads for laying a 60-feet wide road.Many of the properties demolished so far belonged to the historic masjid. The AP State Wakf Board which reportedly took over the management of the Miyan Mishq Mosque under its direct control recently shot off a letter to the GHMC protesting the demolitions. But it withdrew the letter when the GHMC said that it has not touched the structure of the mosque. \"Our inspection team had verified that the GHMC was only pulling down those shops that were protruding on to the road. So the complaint was withdrawn,\" said a senior board official.Officials at the state department of archeology and museums surprisingly were not aware of the demolition drive until they were informed about it by TOI. After a hurried inspection on Friday evening, an official said, \"We have determined that no damage has been caused to the monument. We will keep a watch on the drive.\"Though GHMC officials maintain that only the facade of the stores were knocked down, they are at a loss to explain how some of the oldest structures on the stretch, which include Masjid-e-Mehboob Begum, Masjid-e-Bhandara, Masjid-e-Haradarwaza, Masjid-e-Mustaid and also the magnificent Toli Mosque can remain standing on a widened road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943366", "title": "Pune shock: Tihar to beef up security", "text": "NEW DELHI: Following the murder of Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui in Pune's Yerwada jail, Delhi police has asked Tihar Jail authorities to beef up the security of the Indian Mujahideen suspects in the jail. Currently, eight out of the twelve IM members are lodged at Tihar.A source said that the letter directing the jail authorities to increase surveillance and patrolling around their wards was sent as soon as cops got the news of Qateel's death.Tihar PRO, Sunil Gupta, said, \"The blast suspects including the IM members are kept in the high security wards of the jail which are guarded 24 hours by the Tamil Nadu special police, a specialized force.\"A senior official, on condition of anonymity, said they are monitoring every person entering the premises to meet the IM accused.\"It is an IB directive to monitor the movements of all those who come to visit these IM members. As a policy, only family members are allowed entry as far as these high-security prisoners are concerned,'' said the officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13947917", "title": "Help at hand for Common Entrance Test counselling at National Institute of Technology, Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: To help CET rank holders take an informed decision during the online counselling process introduced for the first time in the state by the Karnataka Examination Authority, a help centre will be set up at National Institute of Technology, Karnataka (NITK) in Surathkal.The document verification process as part of the online counselling for admission to various undergraduate professional courses will begin at the centre in NITK from June 25. The new system will enable students to choose their desired seats sitting at their homes after they get their secret key numbers. It is expected to be glitch-free.Help centre in-charge PP Joseph told TOI that as many as 13 such centres had been set up to help students across the state.Nearly 80,000 students will get their names registered with these centres and they will be provided with key numbers after that. \"The document verification process will begin on June 25 and will be completed by July 11. This is done to ascertain whether the candidate is eligible for admission to a particular stream,\" he said.After the verification, students will be given an acknowledgement with a secret key number. They can log onto the website using the secret key number and password sitting at home, from cyber centres or any other places for entering their option.The centre would also give guidance to students on the online process, he said adding that they can obtain information over phone.G Sushrutha, a student of Expert Coaching Classes, said that the online counselling process would be helpful in many ways for students as it is quick. \"Earlier students had to spend money to attend counselling, but with the new process the burden on students and their parents will be reduced considerably,\" he added.Vineeth Kishore, another CET topper, said that the online counselling process would be better than the previous system, where students were made to visit the centres frequently.\"It will be easier and convenient for students to take part in the online counselling,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13947605", "title": "Sniffer dog helps squad zero in on burglars", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A sniffer dog of Chandigarh Police dog squad led to the arrest of two thieves and recovery of burgled items worth Rs 5 lakh on Friday.The house of PU employee, Joginder Singh, was burgled in PU campus and sniffer dog, Michael, led the cops to a house located in the neighbourhood of Singh after inspecting the burgled house. The house belongs of one of the involved thieves, Vikas Kumar, who was later apprehended along with his associate Sunny from Sector 25.SHO of PS-11, Gurmukh Singh, said, Michael led us to a house located in the same block where the burglary took place. When we quizzed the owner's younger brother, he revealed that his elder brother, Vikas, was making a plan of burglary along with a friend. Subsequently, Vikas and Sunny were arrested in Sector 25 and all burgled items were recovered.The house owner Joginder Singh and his family members were in Kasauli when the incident took place and Singh was informed about it by his one of the neighbours.Both accused would be produced in the district courts, Sector 17, on Saturday. A case was registered at police station in Sector 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13953330", "title": "Showcause to professor for \u2018anti- government\u2019 remarks on TV", "text": "KOLKATA: The state has served showcause notices on two government college teachers who appeared in talk shows and allegedly voiced \"anti-government\" views, raising concerns in academic sections about \"curbs on expression\".The government has invoked the service code to pull up the teachers \u2014 Debashis Sarkar of Jhargram Raj College and Sampa Sen of Hooghly Mohsin College. The notices were served after a complaint from a retired teacher to the grievance cell at Bikash Bhavan.Amid criticism that a rulebook seldom used had been suddenly dusted and cited to silence the dissenting voices, the government defended the move. \"Ask the teachers, the government didn't prevent them from appearing in the media,\" state education minister Bratya Basu said. \"They were asked if they took permission from the principals of their respective colleges. They are not teachers of government-aided colleges or universities. They are direct government staffers and are bound by rules applicable to WBCS, IAS officers,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13955438", "title": "Presidential poll: Pranab Mukherjee evasive, says party will take a call", "text": "KOLKATA: With his candidature for the President's post gaining momentum, Pranab Mukherjee on Saturday said no one can become President \"on his own wish\" and the Congress would decide on the issue.\"It is decided by the party. Party nominates. No one can become President on his own wish,\" the finance minister told reporters at his residence here.UPA sources had said on Friday that Congress president Sonia Gandhi, who has been authorised by the party's working committee to pick the candidate, is likely to make the announcement around June 15, probably a couple of days after the expected poll notification by the Election Commission.The Congress president's political advisor Ahmed Patel also had a meeting with Mukherjee at his North Block office on Friday.The sources said the Congress has already secured the support of key allies like DMK, NCP and RLD, who form part of the government, and outside supporters like Samajwadi Party.BSP, another outside supporter, and UPA's second largest constituent Trinamool Congress, are not not expected to oppose the UPA candidate.Asked about Congress ally Trinamool Congress' decision to go it alone in next year's panchayat election in West Bengal, Mukherjee said, \"It will be decided by the WBPCC. I have no comments to make\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13943029", "title": "Repeat offender caught in police net", "text": "COIMBATORE: Tension prevailed at Singanallur police station on Thursday afternoon when a habitual offender previously booked in various cases including the murder of state finance minister O Paneerselvam's relative in the city last year tried to escape from police custody. Police claimed that he tried to take his own life by breaking a glass table top panel and stabbing himself on the chest, when they overpowered and cornered him. Three police officers also sustained minor cut injuries in the tussle. The culprit who also sustained minor injuries was immediately rushed to the hospital.C Samy alias Kumar (32) hailing from Uthangarai in Krishnagiri district, is a habitual offender wanted in many cases, said police. S Ilango, inspector (crime, in charge), Singanallur police, had stopped him on Thursday afternoon when he was riding his motorcycle. Unaware of his criminal history, the inspector questioned him in generally. Samy was unable to furnish relevant documents for his bike and started acting in a suspicious manner. Thus, the inspector detained him, taking him to the police station for further questioning. When police learned that his bike was stolen from Periyanaickenpalayam, they registered a case against him.\"He suddenly turned violent and tried to escape. When we cornered him, he broke the glass panel of a table and started brandishing the broken piece in a threatening manner. Initially, he pleaded with us but later he became violent, threatening us if we did not set him free,\" said Ilango.He had a tussle with the inspector and a constable where all three sustained minor injuries in the incident. Samy was rushed to the Coimbatore Medical Hospital where he was given first aid. The police booked him under section 353 (assault or criminal force to deter public servant from discharge of his duty), 307 (attempt to murder) and 309 (attempt to commit suicide) of IPC. The accused was arrested and lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur/new delhi", "code": "13943354", "title": "IIT-Kanpur to skip CET, conduct own exam in 2013", "text": "KANPUR/NEW DELHI: IIT Kanpur's academic senate decided on Friday to conduct its own entrance exam in 2013, upping the ante against the HRD ministry by refusing to be part of the the common entrance test (CET) for all IITs, NITs and IIITs.The move \u2014 the first formal rejection of the ministry's decision to hold a common test \u2014 comes when the IIT alumni are planning to move court against CET and there are signs that other IITs too may follow the Kanpur example. If these institutions indeed hold separate exams, the burden on students will mount.HRD minister Kapil Sibal could not be reached for comment. Sources in his ministry said the IIT Kanpur resolution would have to be examined before a future move could be planned.More than 60 faculty members at IIT Kanpu's Friday meeting unanimously backed the decision. S G Dhande, director and academic senate chairman, presided over the session.\"Students from across the country will be able to sit for the entrance exam in 2013. The CET proposal will be reconsidered for 2014. As of now, we'll conduct our own entrance exam for which a committee has been formed,\" said Prof Deepak Gupta, who was at the meeting.'Other IITs thinking of own test too'While the senate has the powers to control and regulate standards of instruction, education and examinations and can pass ordinances, the institute's board of governors can modify or cancel ordinances.The faculty members decided to study the HRD ministry proposals, Gupta said, and take a call on whether to accept or discard them in 2014. \"The MHRD proposal has several lacunae. The IIT examination is one of great repute... we don't want to take a decision in haste,\" he said. Gupta dismissed suggestions that the senate was in \"conflict'' with the ministry. He said that other IITs, including Delhi, Kharagpur and Bombay, were also thinking of conducting their own entrance tests in 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13942492", "title": "Fire near Sonar Fort, five vehicles gutted", "text": "JAISALMER: Five vehicles including three cars and two taxies were gutted when a fire in garbage near the wall of Sonar Fort spread.In fire could have created a havoc had not the people standing nearby removed other vehicles. Also at that time when the fire took place, nearly 80 cylinders of HP Gas kept for supply to consumers but were removed on time. The cars that caught fire even exploded. Only one of the four was saved from complete burning.On getting information of the fire, municipality chairman Ashok Tanwar, city inspector Virendra Singh, a police team and fire tenders reached the spot and doused it after battling for an hour.The fire started after the garbage thrown near the patching wall of the Sonar Fort was being burnt and the flames were fanned by heavy winds. The destroyed vehicles included a Maruti Eco van, two Maruti 800 and two taxis. The walls of the Sonar Fort were also affected by the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942332", "title": "US dentist fixes root for high-end hospital in Dangs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In 1994 when Richard Condorelli, a frail looking 60-year-old man in tattered clothes, visited Dr Ashok Patel's clinic in New Hampshire, US, nobody had imagined that his visit would pave the way for the establishment of a super specialty hospital in the tribal district of Dangs in Gujarat. The hospital, meant for tribals, will be ready by December, thanks to the initiative by Dr Patel. The foundation stone of the hospital was laid by state health minister Jaynarayan Vyas on April 4 last year.The Rs 5 crore hospital is coming up on 2,400-square metre land in Ahwa, the district headquarters town of Dangs. The land was bought from the government by Richard Condorelli Foundation, named after Condorelli who was a patient of Dr Patel. While Dr Patel is using the 100,000 dollars Condorelli bequeathed to him in a will, the NRG doctor has mobilized the shortfall from his own pocket and other US-based physicians.It was a chain of events that began from Dr Patel's dental clinic in Nashua, a city in Hillsborough County, New Hampshire, and culminated in this noble cause for the poverty-stricken tribals in Gujarat. \"Richard had come to us for dental treatment. Looking at his condition, we decided not to charge him any fee. However, he insisted on paying and never left the clinic without settling his bills,'' Dr Patel told TOI on his recent visit to Ahmedabad.Condorelli had lost his left eye in the Vietnam war and an ear in the World War II during bombing in Italy, where he spent his youth. He was a devotee of ISKCON, chanted 'Hare Rama, Hare Krishna' and had embraced Hinduism. His knowledge of Hindu religion was amazing and he loved to discuss Indian mythology with Dr Patel. \"Hinduism and Indian culture was a common thread that bound us together. He would often visit my home to eat Gujarati food cooked by my wife. For 13 years, he remained our family friend. I always looked up to him as a father figure,\" says Dr Patel.In March, 2008, Dr Patel got a call from a hospital about Condorelli's illness. He was suffering from acute renal failure. \"Since the doctors had declared him terminally ill, I took him to his rented apartment and personally looked after him till he died on April 5 that year. As he had no family and I considered him my father figure, my father Kanjilal Patel asked me to perform his last rites. I cremated him as per Hindu rituals and went to Nashik to release his ashes in the Godavari river at Panchvati. On my way back, I took a halt at Ahwa in Dangs. I was pained to see the state of abject poverty in which the tribals lived and wished if I could be of any help to them,\" narrated Dr Patel.Two months after returning to the US, Dr Patel received a letter from an attorney with a copy of the will left by Condorelli. \"Richard had left his entire savings of 100,000 dollars to me. Only then I came to know that he was a physicist working as a visiting faculty in various reputed institutes like MIT at Boston and colleges of Cambridge University . My father told me that our religion doesn't permit us to claim the property of a person who is not our blood relative. He suggested that I spend the money on some noble cause. I remembered Dangs and its poor tribals and thought that Richard would be happy if his money was spent on a charitable hospital there.\"The cost of the hospital project estimated to be Rs 5 crore, but the dollars left by Condorelli translate to Rs 50 lakh. Considering this, Dr Patel has added an equal amount from his own pocket to the corpus. \"Rs 50 lakh has come from Richard's will, another Rs 50 lakh from my account. I have mobilized the remaining amount from philanthropists, mainly US-based Indian physicians who are desirous of paying back to their mother land,\" explained Dr Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "karwar", "code": "13948033", "title": "25 injured in dispute over land for road", "text": "KARWAR: Twenty-five persons were injured in a group clash in Murudeshwar in Bhatkal taluk on Friday evening. The condition of one of the injured persons, Mahadeva Naika, 35, is said to be critical.According to police, there was an ongoing dispute over Basti road in Matadahitlu area of Murudeshwar between Namadhari and Moger communities. The land belongs to the revenue department. The road is to connect Kaikani panchayat with Matadahitlu. Both the groups alleged that the other was blocking the construction of the road. According to an earlier compromise formula, both the communities had agreed to leave some land for the road in their respective areas.But the dispute took a serious turn and led to the clash. The Namadharis alleged that Moger community had not left land in the area dominated by them for the road and had built a compound wall blocking the road. On Thursday night, the compound wall was brought down by some miscreants.When the Mogers tried rebuilding it on Friday, some youths allegedly belonging to Namadhari community started an argument, which developed into a big clash with both the groups attacking each other with stones and other weapons. Mahadev Naika who suffered a head injury in stone pelting was shifted to Kundapur hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945975", "title": "Soon, government hospitals to sell generic medicines", "text": "MUMBAI: Generic medicines will be introduced in all government hospitals in the state from June, health minister Suresh Shetty said on Friday. Actor Aamir Khan , who had highlighted the issue of female foeticide in his TV series Satyamev Jayate, in a letter to the Maharashtra government had asked it to introduce generic medicines, as is being done in Rajasthan.According to the US Food and Drug Administration (FDA), a generic drug is identical to or the bioequivalent of a brand name drug in dosage form, safety, strength, route of administration, quality, performance characteristics and intended use. Though chemically identical to branded medicines, the generic drugs are sold at substantially discounted prices.Shetty said the decision to purchase generic medicines was taken by the state 18 months ago. However, the government could not introduce the drugs immediately as it had already signed various rate contracts. \"These contracts have now come to an end. So, from now on, we will only purchase generic medicines,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13952816", "title": "Postal department blamed for Erattupetta National Population Register error", "text": "KOTTAYAM: Registrar general and census commissioner of India Dr C Chandramouli explained to district collector Mini Antony that the errors that occurred while enrolling data for National Population Register (NPR) in Erattupetta were only a minor technical snag.Last week, a violent mob of over 1,000 people had unleashed violence in Erattupetta protesting over errors in the NPR. The mob declared a hartal, blocked vehicular traffic and closed all shops.This happened because the name Erattupetta was not included in the NPR, instead the name Aruvithara was entered. The registrar said Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is using the India Post-recognized pincode system for Aadhaar.The registrars in charge of distributing Aadhaar cards updated the changes made by the postal department. While updating the data, they can't change or add names of villages or post offices, said the registrar. He also said the basic information for Aadhaar cards is received from the post offices.The data available with post offices need not be accurate in all cases. The administrative limit of a village and a post office may not be same. This may be the reason for the change of pin codes in 63 places in the district, he said.Confusion prevailed among the public in Erattupetta over this issue. Post offices and village offices should have collected and verified the data to solve this issue, Chandramouli added. Both should have an understanding and this has been informed to the agency in charge of NPR. But the process is a time consuming one, he said.Meanwhile, the agency informed the collector that Erattupetta village is not included in the list of places connected with the pincode 686122. Such confusions and flaws can only be rectified with the help of postal department. The collector said that the agency will pass on accurate data to rectify mistakes. Once this data is made available, the distribution of cards will begin in the district.Kottayam: The registrar general and census commissioner of India explained to the district collector Mini Antony that the errors in the enrolment of data for National Population Register (NPR) in Erattupetta were only a minor technical snag.Last week, a group had unleashed violence in Erattupetta town protesting over errors in the enrolment of data for NPR. The violent mob of over 1,000 declared hartal, blocked the traffic and forced the shops to close down.The untoward incidents were because the name Erattupetta was not included in the NPR instead the name Aruvithara was entered. The registrar said Unique Identification Authority of India (UIDAI) is using the India Post-recognized pincode system for Aadhaar.The registrars in charge of distributing Aadhaar cards update the changes made by the Postal Department. While updating the data, they can't change or add names of villages or post offices, said the registrar. He also said the basic information for Aadhaar cards is received from the post offices.The data available with the post offices need not be accurate in all cases. The administrative limit of a village and a post office may not be same. This may be the reason for the change of pin codes in 63 places in the district, he said.Confusion prevailed among the public in Erattupetta over this issue. Post offices and village offices should have collected and verified the data to solve this issue. Both should also have an understanding between themselves and this has been informed to the agency concerned with the preparation of NPR. But the process is a time consuming one, he said.Meanwhile, the agency informed the collector that Erattupetta village is not included in the list of places connected with the pincode 686122. Such confusions and flaws can only be rectified with the help of postal department.Collector said that the agency will pass on the accurate data for correcting the mistakes. Once this data is made available, the distribution of cards will begin in the district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13941988", "title": "5-day-old girl in Jaisalmer village dies mysteriously", "text": "JAISALMER: A five-day-old girl child has died on Friday fueling suspicions of rampant female infanticide in Basia area of Jaisalmer district. The incident happened in Tejmalta village, adjoining Devda village which is notorious for female infanticide.Some villagers suspecting a foul play informed district administration officials and senior officers, including the CMHO came to the village and initiated a probe.Later, they ordered for digging out the baby from the grave and a three-member medical board, including child specialists Dr Rajendra Mehta and Dr Revta Ram, conducted post-mortem on the body. They also sent the viscera to the forensic science lab for further tests.According to sources, a baby girl was born on June 3 to Pawan Kanwar at the primary health centre in Tejmalta. The mother was discharged on June 4. However, after 24 hours, the baby girl died under suspicious circumstances in the house of Devi Singh, son of Narant Singh a resident of Hukam Singh ki Dhani.On Friday, some villagers complained to district administration. Taking a serious note of the incident administrative officials sent the Fatehgarh SDM, the deputy SP, the CMHO, the women and child development officer and other officers to the spot for a thorough investigation. Kanwar has a two-year-old son.Additional district collector Parshuram Dhanka confirming the villagers' complaint said the baby girl was born to Kanwar on June 3 and on Friday there was information bout the death of the baby girl. He said details of the incident will be known only after the investigating officers return.In a similar case, the high court has not yet given bail to Bane Singh who was found guilty in killing his own daughter last year in Devda village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942691", "title": "Broad gauge track at Sriganganagar", "text": "JAIPUR: After a wait for almost 15 years, the people of Sriganganagar district were gifted a broad gauge rail connectivity. The northern district of the state was connected with the state capital and other areas of the state when the minister of state for rail K H Muniappa and chief minister Ashok Gehlot flagged off a passenger train between Sriganganagar and Suratgarh on Friday.Earlier, trains plied on meter gauge on between Sriganganagar and Swaroopsar a distance of 116 km. The project was sanctioned in 1997-98. Sources said the new track will also decrease the distance between Sriganganagar and Gujarat via Firozpur.Speaking at the occasion, Muniappa, said, \"Rajasthan which has a rail network of 5685 km stands second largest in the country. UPA government aims at bringing in more rail projects in the state.\"\"In the state we are working on a cost sharing basis to have a rail line between Dungarpur-Ratam via Banswara to connect the tribal districts of the state with railways,\" Muniyappa said.Addressing the gathering, the minister also said the work of Hanumangarh-Sriganganagar will be done on a priority basis so that a direct train service to Jaipur can also be started soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939028", "title": "Stampede at fish \u2018prasadam\u2019 venue leaves 1 dead, 200 injured", "text": "HYDERABAD: An under-construction sports complex at Kattedan as the venue of a hastily arranged fish prasadam event acted as the tragic setting for a stampede that snuffed out a life and left over 200 people injured on Friday. The stampede occurred when the two entry gates were opened to the swelling crowd at around 9 am leading to a mad rush of patients who had been awaiting their entry since as early as 3 am. With no queues and the police personnel stationed there unable to manage the crowd, there was complete chaos with people falling over each other, women and children getting mobbed in the melee which claimed the life of a 65-year-old asthma patient Gorakh Patil from Maharashtra and left many injured.That it was an avoidable situation became evident soon after the stampede as it was learnt that the Shamshabad police had informed the government that the venue was unfit for an event of this scale. In fact, last minute attempts were made to shift the camp to Nampally Exhibition Grounds, the official fish prasadam venue for the past 14 years, but it was too late with the ground booked for other functions. It was on late Wednesday evening that Kattedan was finalized as the venue keeping just about 24 hours for making preparations to manage thousands of people, an exercise that otherwise started weeks in advance until last year.It was this delay that threw arrangements out of gear. The poor preparedness for the event was evident in the panic among patients who had come to Hyderabad from all over the country and abroad for the 'miracle cure'. They battled heat and dust for the murrel fingerling with the yellow paste to be thrust in their throats, which they believed will cure them of their asthmatic condition. If the Nampally ground had proper tents for the patients to await their turn, here an estimated 50,000 people stood on bare ground, with not even a drop of water arranged by the authorities or the organizers. Water packets were brought in later in the day and thrown at the crowds making the venue appear more like a drought-hit refugee camp. Nearby hospitals reported a steady stream of dehydrated patients from the fish prasadam venue.That 11 government departments were involved in organizing the event did not reflect in the indifferent arrangement at the site. Neither were there toilets nor any barricades to form queues. The 36 buses arranged by APSRTC also proved to be hugely insufficient. The grueling wait under the sun for several hours led to hundreds of people mostly women and children fainting due to dehydration and heat stroke. Announcements of missing children and the elderly were being made all through the day. What made matters worse was that there were just 10 counters (as against over 30 counters set up until last year at Exhibition Grounds) to administer the prasadam.The 108 ambulance authorities said that until Friday evening, 55 patients who suffered injuries due to stampede and rest suffering from shortness of breath and dehydration were shifted to a nearby private hospital and OGH.At the venue where a 104 ambulance was stationed, Dr D C Venkatpathi, DMHO, Rangareddy, informed that 150 people were treated for shortness of breath, heat stroke and minor aberrations due to jostling. \"We have referred nine cases to OGH for treatment for asthma and heatstroke,\" he said.Police struggled to manage the jam-packed venue. The main gates of the complex were being opened after a green signal from inside and shut again.Several children were being lifted by the police over the gate because of the chock-a-block crowd outside the gate.\"This venue is not only far off but lacks any arrangement. I will dare not go near the gate. Police are pushing people,\" said Nanded-resident Madhukar Mungal, who was accompanied by his 7-year-old asthmatic son.\"The government knows that people come here from across the country but still no arrangements were made.\"I was standing in the queue but stepped out because my children were getting crushed in the melee,\" said Tarannum who hails from Mumbai.Mamta Kabir from Delhi who was standing in the hot sun for several hours suffered dehydration. The Bathini family claimed that this was the first death that occurred during the event in their 167-year-old history. Bathini Harinath Goud held the government responsible for the chaos and death of Patil.\"This is not our fault. Usually, we maintain queues but this time, crowd was not managed systematically. When the gates were opened, people suddenly rushed inside leading to the stampede.\"The venue was confirmed on the night of June 6. The government played with us like a football thinking that it was an easy affair,\" said Harinath Goud.While the Bathini family said that about 2.5 lakh people took the prasadam till 7 pm on Friday, officials from the fisheries department said that 52,000 fingerlings were dispatched to the venue on Friday of which around 18-20,000 fingerlings were leftover by late evening.Later in the day things turned peaceful. Cyberabad commissioner Dwaraka Thirumala Rao who visited the venue said that Patil's death was natural and not connected to the event.However, Dr K Parvathi, assistant professor, department of forensic medicine, OGH, said that Patil died due to asthma attack immediately followed by cardiac arrest. Director General (law &amp; order) SA Huda who also visited the venue said that he was inquiring into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13945766", "title": "Special Patna train to clear rush", "text": "BANGALORE: To clear extra rush , special trains will run from Bangalore to Patna. Train No. 06513 Bangalore City-Patna-Bangalore City Weekly Express Special will leave Bangalore at 10.10am on Tuesdays and reach Patna at 9.50am on Thursdays. Train No. 06514 will leave Patna at 8.10pm on Thursdays and reach Bangalore at 9pm on Saturdays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13946693", "title": "Naveen Patnaik sniffing out Pyarimohan Mohapatra loyalists?", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: With the aborted coup shadow still affecting the ruling BJD, chief minister Naveen Patnaik is believed to have initiated a process to identify people considered close to Pyarimohan Mohapatra within the party as well as the state administration.Sources in the ruling party said Naveen wants to further clip Pyari's wings by sidelining partymen as well as officers who might favour him. Though no one in the party is sure about Naveen's gameplan, BJD sources said the CM is keen to sort out Pyari loyalists and has started the process by making certain changes in the police setup.While speculation is rife that Naveen would appoint Prakash Mishra as the DGP replacing Manmohan Praharaj, official sources said the CM could effect some changes among senior IAS officers in the next few weeks. \"Some secretary-rank officers are currently attending training programmes. The CM might make changes when they return,\" an official source said.\"BJD sources said while Naveen is sure to make changes in his ministry, which has five vacancies, no one is sure when he would go about the expansion/reshuffle exercise. Naveen on Thursday hinted at ministry changes, saying it would be done at the right time. This has triggered hope among several aspirants. \"Naveen might do it soon or wait for the President elections to be over in July,\" a minister said.As Naveen has proposed P A Sangma's candidature for the Rashtrapati Bhavan, he might avoid any major shake-up within the government and the party so as to curb the possibilities of dissidence, a source said. \"Having already faced an unexpected coup attempt, Naveen is bound to be wary before he overhauls the administrative and party apparatus,\" the source noted.Party sources said Naveen might not effect significant change at the party level immediately and wait till December when the elections are due. But he might replace some chiefs of state-owned public sector undertakings as some of them are regarded close to Pyari, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "payakaraopet", "code": "13939966", "title": "Botsa Satyanarayana tongue-lashing forces Ganta Srinivasa Rao to quit campaigning", "text": "PAYAKARAOPET: Ports minister Ganta Srinivasa Rao walked off in a huff from Chiranjeevi's roadshow in Payakaraopet on Friday after PCC chief Botsa Satyanarayana gave him a tongue-lashing over the poor turnout for the affair.Mincing no words, Botsa gave a dressing-down to the minister when their convoy was passing between Patleru and Solmonpeta. Botsa was livid as there was hardly any crowd at the roadshow. \"What were you doing in place of mobilizing people for the roadshow of your leader Chiranjeevi,\" Botsa reproved Ganta, the party election in-charge for Payakaraopet constituency. Sources said Ganta tried to reason with Botsa that instead of investing money for the roadshows, he should reserve 'resources' for polling day on June 12. It was then that Botsa flew into a rage and yelled at Ganta in his characteristic manner, much to the chagrin of the latter. Irked and hurt by the PCC chief's boorish attack, Ganta got off the campaign vehicle without informing anybody and left in his vehicle.Sources said that Chiranjeevi made his displeasure known to Ganta, who is a close follower of the former PRP chief. Congress MLAs and other leaders tried to hush up the matter claiming that Ganta had left for 'campaigning' in other areas of the mandal.But the fact of the matter is that Ganta was nowhere to be seen in the area during the entire time Botsa and Chiranjeevi conducted their canvassing.As if the Botsa-Ganta showdown wasn't enough, a villager set the cat among the pigeons by claiming that the masses had gone out to attend TDP president Chandrababu Naidu's roadshows where they might have a chance to 'receive more money' than they would from the Congress!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946716", "title": "Common Entrance Test tally rises but a perfect score eludes state students", "text": "MUMBAI: While students bettered their performance in the Maharashtra Health and Technical Common Entrance Test (MHT-CET) this year, the state's overall results have not picked up substantially from 2010. In the engineering category, scoring a perfect 200 is a case in history as no student has managed the feat in the past three years. This year the highest score is 196, achieved by Latur's Pushkar Narsikar.Two students from the city - Bhairavi Mehta and Sagar Patel - scored 195 and 194 in the PCM (physics, chemistry and mathematics) group and stoodsecond andthird, respectively. In health sciences, the percentage of qualifying students rose from 12.02% to 13.27% this year. Madhavi Indani from Jalna topped with a score of 198, followed by two students from Nanded.Mumbai's Mustafa Karim stood at the fourth position in the state, with a score of 195. In health sciences across the rest of the state, including Mumbai, 15,905 out of 1.30 lakh candidates (12.2%) got 50% marks-the minimum required for an open category seat in MBBS and BDS. In all, 2.16 lakh students took the health sciences test; 1.14 lakh students were boys and 1.05 lakh girls.Maharashtra's tech institutes have enough seats. So, even students scoring the least marks can get a seat in engineering. While more than 183 candidates scored between 190 and 200 in 2010, the numbers fell to 37 in 2011; the situation has not changed much with only 39 students scoring above 190. An official said overall, engineering results have improved. \"Colleges will have to lower their cut-off as scores have not risen drastically.\"Technical and medical boards jointly announced the results almost a week in advance so that students have enough time to decide their options and prepare their documents. \"Mark sheets will be available with colleges on June 14,\" said Pravin Shingare, in-charge director, Directorate of Medical Education &amp; Research.With the centre announcing a single test - National Eligibility Entrance Test - for admissions to all MBBS courses in the country from next year, the state might still continue to conduct the CET for dental and other health science courses. \"The decision whether to give admissions to these courses on the basis of NEET or a local CET from next year is still pending, if it comes into practice from next year,\" said Shingare. For this year, students can start filling their preference forms from July 3 at four centres for medical admissions. \"In engineering, students will have only two rounds of admissions followed by the counselling round this year. Students will also get the benefit of mock allotment for engineering in first round,\" said Narendra Patil, DTE official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942981", "title": "Sonaram Chaudhary demands CBI probe into sleaze CD case", "text": "JAIPUR: Congress legislator Sonaram Chaudhary on Friday demanded a CBI investigation into the complaint that there exists a sleaze CD that allegedly features a ruling party legislator from Barmer.The existence of the CD came to light on Wednesday when Congress's Barmer legislator Mewaram Jain complained to the local police that he was being blackmailed by some people who threatened to make the video public. Jain named three scribes of a vernacular daily who allegedly demanded Rs 10 lakh from him in exchange for the CD. The matter is currently being investigated by Barmer's Kotwali police station.\"When reports about a similar sleaze CD involving Congress legislators Mahipal Maderna and Malkhan Singh Bishnoi surfaced last year, chief minister Ashok Gehlot handed over the matter to the CBI within 8 hours. Why is he now not getting the Barmer CD case also investigated by the CBI?\" Chaudhary asked.When contacted, legislator Jain told TOI that he would have no objections if the case were transferred to the CBI. \"I am the complainant, I do not care who investigates the case,\" Jain said. \"But there should be a thorough investigation as many people are involved in the matter,\" the MLA added.Chaudhary, at the same time, hit out against his fellow legislator and suggested that the person featured in the CD could be Jain. \"The person in the CD was expelled from the party for six years in the past. This same Mewaram was chairman of the Nagar Palika for five years and was later expelled from the party because of his deeds,\" Chaudhary, who represents Barmer's Baytoo constituency, told reporters.The ruling party legislator accused the state leadership, too, without mentioning any names. \"Barmer's image has been tarnished because of the CD matter. Though Barmer people are very nice, unfortunately some elected representatives from there are very cheap. But what to do, our leadership has promoted such people by getting the party tickets for them and the people had no choice but to vote for them,\" Chaudhary said, referring to the latest sleaze CD.The Baytoo legislator again blasted chief minister Gehlot for his style of functioning. \"We complained against him to the party high command on our own. We did not go at his instructions; we are not his slaves. Because of his leadership, the Congress has grown weak in Rajasthan,\" Chaudhary alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958423", "title": "LiLo released from hospital merely 2 hours after accident", "text": "Lindsay Lohan was released from the hospital just two hours after the actress crashed her black Porsche while driving on the Pacific Coast Highway just before Friday noon.According to reports, it collided with a lorry and the passenger window was shattered and the bumper taken off the car in the crash.Sources said that she was taken to the UCLA Medical Center where doctors performed tests.Her assistant, who was also in the car, had some bleeding and bruises, TMZ.com revealed.Police said neither 'Mean Girls' star nor the lorry driver showed signs of being under the influence of alcohol after the collision.Her spokesman said the actress was taken to a hospital as a precaution, but was released two hours later.He said Lohan was going back to work filming a Lifetime movie, 'Liz And Dick', on the love affair between Elizabeth Taylor and Richard Burton.\"First and foremost, we're concerned about the wellbeing of Lindsay and anyone else who may have been involved in the accident,\" the Mirror quoted a spokesman for the producers Lifetime, as saying.\"Lindsay has been doing fantastic work on the set of Liz And Dick,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13941273", "title": "India to seek access to Rana, Headley\u2019s wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: Reiterating its long-pending demand, India will next week once again ask the United States to grant it access to the 2611 terror case accused Tahawwur Hussain Rana and another accused David Coleman Headley's wife Shazia Gilani who have not yet been questioned by Indian agencies.Union home secretary R K Singh will pitch for it during Indo-US Strategic Dialogue that is to be held in Washington next Wednesday.Both Headley (US citizen) and Rana (Canadian citizen) are currently in Chicago Jail. They were arrested by the FBI in October, 2009. Shazia Gilani is living in Chicago, and all three are of Pakistani origin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "satara", "code": "13941006", "title": "Govt employee killed while trying to stop sand transport", "text": "SATARA: A state government employee working under the tehsil office at Mhaswad in Satara district was killed after he stopped the tractor of an illegal sand transporter.Rajendra Sartape (40), after stopping the tractor, was sitting in the vehicle. However, the driver allegedly drove the vehicle at high speed and later overturned it, thus killing Sartape. The driver meanwhile jumped out and managed to escape.Sartape's assistant, Bintu Shinde (40) who was also sitting in the tractor, was seriously injured in the incident. He has been admitted to the district government hospital in Satara.A large number of people and the victim's relatives held a 'rasta roko' near the bus terminus for nearly three hours to demand the arrest of the sand transporter.Assistant police inspector Bhausaheb Patil said that the incident took place on Satara Road near Diwad phata at around 11.15 am. The tractor was driven by one Sukhdev Nakade (40).Patil said, \"We will record the statement of Bintu Shinde who has been hospitalized,\" Patil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13941807", "title": "Create jobs, reduce poverty: NR Narayana Murthy", "text": "BANGALORE: \"Way back in 1972-73 when I was in France, I realized that the only way a country like India can reduce poverty is by creating jobs,\" said NR Narayana Murthy, chairman emeritus, Infosys Technologies Ltd , after receiving the Pride of Karnataka Award on Friday.An initiative of Round Table India, Murthy was honoured for his contribution in the corporate category. These awards recognize the efforts of people from different walks of life: Anil Kumble was chosen in the sports category, Ramya for entertainment, Yusuf Arakkal for art and SL Bhyarappa for his literary achievements.Murthy said he will continue to work harder and smarter in his endeavour to create more jobs.\"Education and sports go hand-in-hand. The mind and the body need to be educated, and thereby, be fit. Then we can be certain of having a fantastic India,\" said Kumble.Kannada writer Bhyarappa said an Indian's identity is when he or she learns their own language. \"Individual creativity is needed for growth. The tendency to turn to English for everything is suicidal. There is a general trend to neglect the mother tongue and concentrate only on learning English. It must be remembered that English and one's mother tongue are meant to complement, not contradict each other,\" said Bhyarappa.\"The country needs its youth... they are it's strength and spirit. Youngistan alone can make a better Hindustan,\" said former Supreme Court judge N Shivraj Patil , who gave away the awards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13948372", "title": "I'm the CLP leader, says Siddaramaiah", "text": "MYSORE: \"My resignation has not been accepted by the high command. It means I'm continuing in the post,\" Siddaramaiah said, making it clear that he has been directed to continue as the opposition leader. \"I'm not against the high command. I resigned to uphold the dignity of the chair,\" he told reporters.Siddaramaiah resigned from the CLP and opposition party leader's post on June 1 as he felt slighted over not being consulted in selection of candidates for the legislative council elections on June 11.In Mysore on Friday to campaign for the party's nominee M Lakshmana who is contesting the legislative council polls from the South Teachers' constituency, the Congress leader indicated that the resignation issue is a closed chapter.The former deputy CM said he has explained to the high command what made him resign, and asserted that his point has been taken by the leaders. \"KPCC chief G Parameshwara has to decide what to do with my resignation and intimate the Speaker,\" he said, when asked about the next step. When pressed further, he said: \"Adu aaithu, bere keli (it is a closed chapter, ask something else).\"Ahead of polling scheduled for Sunday, Siddaramaiah held election meetings in Mysore and Mandya districts. He will tour Hassan district on Saturday. Siddaramaiah has now accepted that he will have to continue in his post.Siddaramaiah said the high command is planning to announce candidates for the assembly polls well in advance. \"AICC general secretary Rahul Gandhi was also keen when he interacted with the party leaders in Davanagere,\" he said, pointing out that the party had announced candidates ahead of declaration of poll schedule in Uttar Pradesh. \"We'll emulate it in Karnataka.\" What has enthused him is that fact that Lakshmana has got some eight months to campaign, which, he said, has helped the party reach out to the electorate.Siddaramaiah denied that he has sought change in leadership in the state. \"I've not asked for removal of Parameshwara as the KPCC chief,\" he said, adding that the party has done well when dalits had led the party. \"We did well when Kharge was the KPCC chief,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13947386", "title": "MC polls: Congress for scrapping of supplementary voters\u2019 list", "text": "AMRITSAR: Accusing the ruling SAD-BJP alliance government of manipulating the voters lists for Amritsar municipal corporation elections, state Congress leaders have demanded immediate cancellation of supplementary voters' list and strict security arrangements to safeguard the polling booths during the ensuing civic body elections on June 10.Senior leaders of Congress, including Rana K P Singh, vice-president, Punjab Pardesh Congress Committee, Jasbir Singh Dimpa, Jugal Kishore Sharma and Prof Darabari Lal handed over a memorandum to deputy commissioner here on Thursday, listing their demands and apprehensions.Talking to TOI, Rana said they were surprised to find that supplementary voters list did not have the photographs of voters, which was against the guidelines of Election Commission of India. He said the state government machinery was reluctant to provide them the supplementary lists, the reason for which should be probed.Rana said that Congress leaders had also observed that many voters, whose names were mentioned in voters lists, didn't have proper address like their house numbers. \"Voters from nearby villages are enlisted in voters lists to give benefit to candidates of ruling alliance,\" he said.Demanding strict security measures on election day, Dimpa said, \"Paramilitary forces or security personnel from other districts should be posted to safeguard polling booths\". He said that Congress party apprehends misuse of muscle and money power by the ruling alliance during elections and has therefore demanded videography at the booths as well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948761", "title": "Octroi revenue target stiff, Nashik Municipal Corporation gets only 25 crore in 18 days", "text": "NASHIK: Eighteen days after the Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) took over the charge of collecting octroifrom the private agent, there are indications that the civic body may not be able to achieve the octroi collection target of Rs 603 crore set for the current financial year.The NMC has managed to collect Rs 22.33 crore from octroi checkposts and around Rs 3 crore through its current account in 18 days. At this rate the revenue collected in a year would barely cross Rs 450 crores while the target collection has been set at Rs 603 crores.The privatization of octroi collection was scrapped by the general body of the NMC on April 16 and the administration was instructed to collect octroi after the contract of the private agent collecting octroi, concluded on May 19. Accordingly, the NMC took over the octroi posts on May 18 midnight and has been able to collect Rs 22.33 crores at the octroi posts and around Rs 3 crores through current account in 18 days totalling it to around Rs 25 crores.In one year's time the collection is unlikely to reach its target collection of Rs 603 crores.Officials agree that there have been cases of octroi evasion but the employees have managed to nab offenders and extract octroi as well as fines from them.\"There have been cases of octroi evasion but our staff has caught offenders in the the nick of time. There have been around 15 cases. On June 5, Dilip Kale, who is into selling utensils and other aluminium items was trying to evade octroi by paying Rs 40,000 for goods worth Rs 1,16,250 of octroi. He was fined Rs 22,088 for evading octroi of Rs 76,250. On June 6, a vehicle belonging to Sahara Roadline (MH-15-CK 8183) was trying to avoid paying octroi on five crates of paint worth Rs 80,000. We fined them Rs 24,000,\" said Haribhau Phadol, deputy commiss-ioner (octroi).The NMC generates maximum revenue from octroi collection. Around 75 %of its total revenue comes from octroi collection. After the printing of fake counterfeit octroi receipts were unearthed near the Dindori octroi post three years ago, the then ruling alliance Shiv Sena-BJP had made decision to privatize octroi collection amidst heavy opposition from other political parties and industrialists. The MNS, however, was always against the privatizing of octroi collection. This issue, as it turns out, became their poll plank and was included in their manifesto. On April 16, when the NMC's general body cancelled the privatization of octroi collection, the target set before the administration was Rs 603 crores.The then officiating municipal commissioner P Velrasu while agreeing to collect octroi through the administration said that it would be difficult to collect Rs 603 crores and that the administration should not be held responsible if the target is not achieved. Going by the current pace at which it is being collection, it does seems unlikely that the NMC would cross a target of Rs 450 crore within this financial year.Octori department officials, however, are confident of achieving their target of Rs 603 crores in a year. \"During the festive season which begins starting with Ganesh Chaturthi, goods coming to the city would increase considerably and so would the octroi collection. We hope to fill up out revenue collection gaps at that time,\" said an octroi official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13947322", "title": "Brahma Kumaris to launch radio service", "text": "HUBLI: Prajapita Brahama Kumaris Ishwariya Vishwa Vidyalaya (PBIVV) is planning to launch a community radio service in several districts of the state.Through this, the spiritual, value-based educational institute aims at reaching households with its message on humanity and universal brotherhood.Speaking to TOI, B K Karuna, chairman, national media wing, PBIVV, Mt Abu, said that the new community radio will focus on disseminating information on moral and spiritual values.It will educate the masses on the rich culture and heritage of the communities, importance of national holidays and festivals of the country.Broadcasting will begin in the next couple of months, initially in Bangalore, Mysore, Hubli and Davanagere, he added.Audience will have a spiritual treat in the form of songs, plays and discourses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943807", "title": "Don\u2019t throw away party leftovers", "text": "NEW DELHI: If you organized a big party and were left wondering what to do with the leftovers, there is now an option to avoid such wastage. All you have to do is send an SMS to 58888. In a first, Delhi will now have a food bank that will store excess food left after weddings, parties, etc., donated by people. This food will then be sent to those who are in need of it.\"In a system like ours where we often see food going waste instead of reaching the right people, this kind of an initiative is needed. Our similar projects, where we had tied up with city hotels for food packs failed only because of lack of coordination and manpower,\" said Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit at the inauguration of the Food Bank website. An initiative of Indian Food Banking Network (IFBN), the food banks will work with support of Delhi government. The government has committed to sign a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with the IFBN for the project.To make donations one needs to send an SMS saying GIVEFOOD IFBN to 58888. In case you want to help someone in need write GETFOOD IFBN and message on the same number. The bank will send a vehicle to your home in both the cases. To begin with, IFBN has set up two warehouses \u2014 in Greater Kailash and DLF city in Gurgaon \u2014 to store the donations.\"The food can be donated in the form of grains, pulses, oil, spices or cooked food that has been leftover after a wedding, a party or any function. The IFBN will make these available through a network of community-owned agencies. These institutional feeding programmes include school feeding programmes, shelter homes, old age homes, substance abuse clinics, after-school programmes and cater to various needs,\" said Sam Pitroda, honorary chairman of IFBN and advisor to the Indian Prime Minister on public information infrastructure and innovations.However, one hurdle that the project may face is absence of Good Samaritan laws in India. These are laws that encourage people to give reasonable assistance to those who are injured, ill, in peril, or otherwise incapacitated and in case things go wrong protect the Samaritans against legal action.\"India still does not have a Good Samaritan law. This is the only hurdle we see for the project,\" said Pitroda who has modelled the scheme on the lines of food banks in Chicago, US. IFBN is in the process of arranging a tie-up with community groups, NGOs and government agencies for distributing food to the needy and destitute.The proposal to set up a food bank here was first mooted by Pitroda during a meeting with Dikshit in June last year. Before being introduced in India, the scheme was studied for three years by Pitroda's team. The project would soon be extended to other Indian cities like Mumbai and Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13948823", "title": "Bombay Stock Exchange staff to teach National University of Advanced Legal Studies students", "text": "KOCHI: National University of Advanced Legal Studies (NUALS) is in the process of signing an agreement with the Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) to launch short-term diploma programme in public finance and legal aspects from this academic year. The course is expected to attract law students and professionals to mould professionals with adequate knowledge of the securities market.\"There is a need for such courses. The numbers of financial products that are on offer are growing by the day and there is a need for professionals who understand those financial markets,\" said NUALS vice-chancellor Dr N K Jayakumar. \"We are in the process of entering into an agreement with BSE to have short-term diploma programme and if possible, a full-fledged degree programme in public finance and legal aspects from this academic year,\" he said.The course will be introduced as an add-on course for regular students. \"However, we will keep it open for others also to enrol in the course. On completion of the programme, the student will be given a diploma certificate\", he said.Once the agreement is signed, Jayakumar said that BSE staff would be coming to teach students at the institute and also students from the institute would do an internship at the stock exchange. \"Such short-term programmes are a big hit with the students. Last year, we had an add-on course on space law and more than 80 students enrolled for the course. We expect to attract large number of students even for our diploma course in public finance and legal aspects,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952027", "title": "Red hot ticketing", "text": "What prompted you to start redBus? In October 2005, when I was working with Texas Instruments in Bangalore, I wanted to go home for Diwali. I failed to get even a single bus ticket from the travel agents. Nevertheless, there were bound to be a few empty seats in the numerous buses that ply the Bangalore-Hyderabad route I wished to take. The lack of this real-time data with travel agents, who depended entirely on tele-calling bus operators to determine availability, set me about discovering their modus operandi. Back then online bus ticketing was practically unheard of. An online repository of bus ticket inventory was essential, where information was seamlessly available.What was the major hurdle you faced? Initially, bus operators were resistant to online ticketing, and believed it is only for flight tickets. At the same time, for redBus.in to function, knowing the bus operators' inventory was a pre-requisite. Since, buses tend to have 20-odd percent vacant seats anyway, we convinced the operators to allow us to display 20 percent of those seats on redBus. If these tickets were bought, it would only be a bonus for the operator. What happened is, when users logged in and saw the availability listed as 20 percent, the tickets were immediately bought. This convinced operators that online bus ticketing can indeed work!You set up operations in Aug 2006. When did you break even? In December 2006 we managed to break even, given that it was the holiday season. This gave us further momentum. The tickets started selling swiftly online. Once people started using the site and liked the interface, we got more bookings. On an annual basis, we broke even last year. As of now, redBus services 8,000 routes across India. In 2011, 5 million travellers used redBus to book tickets online.RedBus is a joint effort by you and your BITS Pilani peers, how trying was the teamwork? My classmates from BITS Pilani, Sudhakar Pasupanuri and Charan Padmaraju, were my flatmates too. It is believed that when a group is working on a start-up, their skills have to be complementary. We quit our jobs to start red-Bus, and faced some ups and downs. We were 'incidental entrepreneurs'. To code the software for redBus.in, BOSS (bus operators software system), and SeatSeller (for travel agents) needed programming knowledge, whereas we three have studied electronics. Although many advised us to outsource coding, we bought programming books, learned from them and started writing the code. Sudhakar handles operations and finance, while Charan handles the tech aspect.Who were your mentors? We presented our business plan to TiE Bangalore Chapter. It was selected and TiE appointed three mentors for our project. Their advice on feasibility helped us greatly. I would say sound initial advice is crucial for any start-up.Did redBus depend heavily on VC funding? There is a saying that 'a lot of start-ups die of indigestion rather than starvation'. The external money invested in redBus in the last five years is around 13 crores, which translated to a 300-crore worth business, with 450 employees and 23 branches across India till date. I still maintain that one does not need a lot of capital to start a successful enterprise. It was a collaborative effort with the VCs.Your advice to budding entrepreneurs. Mark Zuckerberg has studied computer science and psychology. This background in multiple faculties is what probably reflects in Facebook\u2014popular for its emotional connect with users. I feel on-the-job work experience is crucial. It was while working that I learnt managerial techniques, employee retention, training procedures, and so on. These skills are needed in order to empathise with people when you are on the other side of the table. That coupled with a passion for problem solving can go a long way.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13946204", "title": "HD Kumaraswamy gets anticipatory bail", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka high court on Friday granted anticipatory bail to former chief minister HD Kumaraswamy on a private complaint filed against him in a denotification case. The court observed that there was no prima facie case made out against him.\"The petitioner is an MP and president of a political party. There is no chance of him fleeing away. Apart from this, investigation is completed and the chargesheet is filed in this case. So he is not needed for custodial interrogation,'' Justice KN Keshavanarayana has observed while confirming the April 20 order wherein Kumaraswamy was granted interim anticipatory bail by the court.One Mahadevaswamy has filed a private complaint against Kumaraswamy and others with regard to denotification of BDA-acquired lands in Thanisandra for Arkavathy Layout in 2007 when he was the CM.Directive to RGUHSJustice Ashok B Hinchigeri on Friday directed the Rajiv Gandhi University for Health Sciences (RGUHS) to complete the process of counselling for in-service candidates by June 15. The counselling could not be held as there was a stay order in operation from May 24.Disposing of a batch of petitions, the judge asked some of the petitioners who had challenged the amendment to Karnataka civil services to approach the Karnataka Administrative Tribunal. The petitions challenging rule 5A of PGET rules were dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13944182", "title": "Team Anna to target PM during UP tour", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the run-up to the July 25 fast Team Anna members will travel to various parts of the country. An intensive programme to drum up support for its anti-graft campaign will begin on June 18 and will include touring of villages in western UP.The 'Gram Samvad Yatra', as it is called, will start from June 18 and end on July 12 and will be anchored by Team Anna member Manish Sisodia.During the yatra, a Team Anna statement said, awareness would be raised on the corruption allegations against 15 cabinet ministers, including the PM. The activists have three demands \u2014 setting up of a special investigation team (SIT) to probe allegations against the cabinet ministers, transferring CBI cases against major political leaders to the SIT and establishing fast-track courts to hear charges against 162 MPs.In the first phase \u2014 from June 18 to 22 \u2014 the team will travel to villages in Saharanpur via Bhagpat and Shamli districts. In the second phase \u2014 from June 25 to 29 \u2014 villages around Meerut, Muzzafarnagar, Bijnor and Roorkee will be covered.The third phase will be from July 2 to 6 and would cover villages in Noida, Bulandshahr and Aligarh. The last phase of yatra would take place in Ghaziabad, Hapur, JP Nagar and Moradabad from July 8 to 12.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13948361", "title": "Plea to Alina on Goa inclusion in Art 371", "text": "Panaji: Lokancho Adhar has requested newly inducted minister Alina Saldanha to prevail upon the CM to press with the Union home ministry the demand that Goa too should find a place in the proposed amendment to Article 371.This would mean moving in the path of fulfilling the dream of late Matanhy Saldanha, Lokancho Adhar convenor Trajano D'Mello said in a statement issued here.He claimed that as the Centre is open to the idea of revisiting provisions of Article 371 at the instance of Karnataka and Bihar, which are part of the NDA, it should be least difficult for BJP CM to pursue the matter and fulfill the long standing aspirations of Goans and pay apt tribute to the memory of his friend the late Matanhy Saldanha.D'Mello said that the Karnataka CM, who also belongs to the BJP, has made a demand and given an ultimatum to the Centre to include two of his districts under the provision of Article 371 of the Constitution. And the Union home minister P Chidambaram has reportedly assured him that Article 371 is in the process of being amended to suit the purpose and that it would be placed at the coming Union cabinet meeting for approval.BJP national general secretary Ananth Kumar has reportedly promised that BJP was in favour of amending Article 371.D'Mello said that under special provisions of Article 371, it would be permissible for Goa to enact a legislation of restricting outsiders' from indiscriminately buying Goa's land.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bahraich", "code": "13945298", "title": "Raids at 5 wheat purchase centres", "text": "BAHRAICH: While taking the complaints of irregularities at the wheat purchase center into consideration, the state Horticalture minister conducted raids at five wheat purchase centers from Jarwal road to Bahraich. The irregularities were found on many centers, no account of 920 bags of wheat was found at Jarwal and a misappropriation of 10 lakhs of rupees sent to the farmers was also found during the raid.The state minister expressed resentment on the whole issue and said to forward the report to the chief minister Akhislesh Yadav.At the instruction of the chief minister Akhilesh Singh Yadav the state Horticalture minister Rajkishore reached the district and inspected the wheat purchase center set up by PCF at Saghan cooperative committee, here no account of 920 bags of wheats were found. The state minister reprimanded the secretary of the committee Jokhu Nishad over the irregularity.The state minister told that a check of Rs. 38.55 lakhs has been handed to the farmers for the purchase of wheat at the center but only 28 lakhs of rupees have been sent to the bank and the secretary was not able to show the accounts of 10.55 lakhs of rupees.The farmers are taking the rounds of the bank to encash the cheque but there is no money in the account. The state minister also recorded the written statement of the secretary over the irregularity later the minister inspected two purchase centers at Kaiserganj, one of the purchase center set up by state employees Welfare Corporation was found closed.Similarly the irregularities were also found at Deeha and Gajadharpur purchase centers. The sate minister ordered enquiry into the case and said that the action would be taken against the culprits.Meanwhile, a person axed his brother's wife suspecting her to be responsible in eloping his wife with someone else.The deceased's husband registered a case of murder against his brother.The upper district and session judge announced imprisonment for life following the hearing and a penalty of Rs.5,000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13941956", "title": "Boys bag 9 of 12 Rajasthan Pre-Medical Test top spots", "text": "JAIPUR: Out of the 12 top spots of the Rajasthan Pre-Medical Test (RPMT) 2012, the results of which were announced on Friday, boys secured nine leaving on three slots for girls. Last year, it was the girls who grabbed six positions out of the 10 top rankings.In the RPMT-2011, four girls were in the top five of the merit list, but this time there is only one girl in the top five.Jodhpur's Aditya Mehta, Ajmer's Jhilmil Dua and Sriganganagar's Ayush Jakhad grabbed the first positions by securing 99.99 percentile. Besides, Kota's Rachit Saxena and Nokha's Munni Lal were also very close to first position as the secured 99.98 percentile. They jointly bagged the 4th position. Jaipur's Anand Gupta and Siddhartha Saxena ranked 6th in the merit list with 99.97 percentile. The 8th position was shared by five candidates including Vijaynagar's Devansh Goyal, Hanumangarh's Sunil Kumar, Sikar's Sapna Choudhary, New Delhi's Aarchie Gupta and Sikar's Puranram Gurjar with 99.96 percentile.A Rajasthan University of Health Sciences (RUHS) official said the RPMT online examination was conducted by the university on June 2 and June 3 in six divisional headquarters including Jodhpur, Jaipur, Bikaner, Ajmer, Udaipur and Kota in 44 examination centres. Around 90% of the total 33,800 candidates registered appeared for the examination.The examination was conducted for around 900 seats in six medical colleges and one semi-government medical college in Jhalawar. Besides, there are around 150 seats in Mahatma Gandhi Medical College, a private medical college, a RUHS official said.The RUHS issued a comprehensive list of the result of each student along with his individual overall ranking, percentile, category, category rank, gender, roll number and form number. But, the university has not yet announced the cut off list for counselling.Allen Career director Brijesh Maheshwari said, \"Our students excelled by securing the top positions including Aditya Mehta and Ayush Jakhad. Both of them sit for the examination while appearing for Class XII exam this year.\"He said as the RUHS has issued result differently with any no cut off marks, the candidates are confused over their selection. Kota's Resonance Operations &amp; Business Development vice-president Manoj Sharma said, \"I am not in a position to tell how many students wre selected from our institute as the RUHS has not issued any cut off list.\"Career Point institute's Anupam Rajoria secured first position in SC category with 99.29 percentile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940886", "title": "Restoration of University of Pune's main building by 2013", "text": "PUNE: The long-winding restoration and renovation work of the University of Pune's (UoP) 148-year-old Italian Gothic style main building, an 'A' listed heritage structure, is likely to finish by the end of December 2013.\"The contractors have set December 2013 as the deadline for completing all the works,\" UoP vice-chancellor Wasudev N Gade told reporters on Friday. \"They have verbally committed to finishing the work even earlier, over the next 10 to 12 months,\" he said.Manik Jadhav, UoP's registrar, said, \"Over Rs 8 crore of the Rs 10.25 crore budgeted money for the restoration and renovation work has been spent so far. We expect to finish within the amount that has been set aside in the budget with a provision of 1% cost escalation.\"Gade conceded that the work has been delayed due to various reasons. He said, \"Whatever hurdles we have had in expediting these works have now been removed.\"The main building restoration project is a long-drawn story that started in June 2003 when the then varsity administration commissioned a partial restoration work, mainly related to roof topping and some civil works. The project then progressed at a snail's pace, with barely 15% of the work being completed.It was the collapse of a portion of the main building wall (moments after the 2007 annual convocation function was over) that the UoP administration decided to go for a complete restoration exercise by involving a professional agency. The firm that was engaged for the restoration work till then was taken off the task and a new process was set in motion in December 2007.In July 2008, Narendra Jadhav, who was then the VC, re-launched the restoration project amid much fanfare and announced that the same would be finished by the end of 2009.The UoP then engaged Mumbai-based Structwel Designers and Consultants firm, which has executed restoration projects for Mumbai's Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus heritage building, Indore's palace, the Haji Ali mosque and the Mumbai mayor's bungalow, among others, to implement the task.With the governor's approval, a high-power expert panel was constituted under Pune's heritage committee chief to monitor the work. Structwel had engaged three expert private contractors to execute the roofing, woodwork and stone masonry works.At the senate meeting held in March last year, the then VC R K Shevgaonkar informed the members that the restoration work remained stuck due to serious differences between the project's implementing agency and the high-power expert panel appointed by the governor, over the execution of works.The university's building and works committee met at least half a dozen times last year to find a way out of this situation, but it was left with few options other than looking at a gradual progress. Two of the contractors engaged by the agency completed their part of the work, while the third contractor had not done his job well, Shevgaonkar had told the senate members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944065", "title": "UP Board class X results: Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation was learning curve for students", "text": "LUCKNOW: Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE) seems to have done wonders for class X students. Most of the top rankers of UP Board class X feel that CCE was a new learning experience which not only helped them in showing creativity but also earned them extra marks.Under the new pattern, the written examination was for 70 marks instead of 100, and 30 marks were kept for internal assessment. This included project work, practical examinations and bi-monthly tests. Having got a perfect 30 in all subjects, Harshit Maurya said, \"Internal tests helped us in better preparation. Assessment in internal evaluation was proper which at time is not done in evaluating our answer sheets.''Similarly, hitting a straight 30 in all subjects, Pooja Yadav said, \"CCE helped us in developing our over all personality. Projects, practical, and internal tests boosted our morale.''For Sachin Maurya who scored 30 in Hindi, 29 in science, social science and English, 28 in mathematics and computer, said \"We really worked very hard for the internal assessment. The results are improved because of good marks in CCE.''No doubt, while the students struggled to get a high score in their board examinations, CCE has made their way easy. With an aim to improve results, Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad introduced CCE method in class IX-X in 2011. And seems the task is well accomplished as the overall pass percentage in the state has gone up by 12.93%. In 2011, it was 70.82% which this year stood at 83.95%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13942138", "title": "Kannauj LS bypolls: Dimple only candidate left in fray", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party candidate Dimple Yadav is expected to be elected unopposed in the Kannauj Lok Sabha byelection after the remaining contenders \u2014 Dashrath Singh Shankwar (Sanyukt Samajwadi Dal) and Sanju Katiyar (Independent) \u2014 withdrew their nominations on Friday.Returning officer Selva Kumari J confirmed that Dimple was the only candidate left in the fray and was likely to be announced the unopposed winner on Saturday after due clearance from the Election Commission.More than Dimple's win, the walkover given to her by the opposition parties has come as a surprise. \"Popular leaders like Atal Bihari Vajpayee , Indira Gandhi or Rajiv Gandhi could not win unopposed despite their parties sweeping the polls,\" said a political analyst.Vajpayee fought 14 candidates for the Lucknow parliamentary seat in the 1999 elections, when the wave was clearly in the BJP's favour. Rajiv Gandhi was pitted against 30 contenders for the Amethi Lok Sabha seat in 1984 despite the Congress riding high on a sympathy wave following Indira Gandhi's assassination.The Congress was clear on not contesting the bye-election ever since notification for the poll was issued. Congress leader Digvijaya Singh said the party did not field any candidate in the 2009 Lok Sabha polls, so why should it change its stand for the bypoll.The BJP state unit issued a statement saying the party had decided to concentrate on local body elections. So, it would not contest the bypolls. Barely hours before filing of nominations was to end, the BJP central leadership, however, nominated Jagdeo Yadav as its candidate. Yadav failed to reach Kannauj in time.Earlier, Shubrath Pathak, the BJP candidate who contested against Akhilesh in 2009, had written to the party brass saying he would not be able to contest due to personal reasons.BSP leaders refrained from spelling out why the party decided not to contest. However, a senior leader said, \"We want them to win the polls as it will help expose their non-performance by the time 2014 Lok Sabha elections arrive.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939217", "title": "Cabinet nod to revised interest rates on PF", "text": "PATNA: The state cabinet on Friday gave its sanction to the decision of the government to revise interest rates paid on provident fund (PF) deposits of its employees for the 2011-12 and 2012-13 financial years.Cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant said the revised interest rates would cover both the general provident fund amount and contributory provident fund deposits of the government employees.According to him, 8% interest will be payable on the PF money for the period April 1-November 30, 2011 and 8.6% for the period between December 1, 2011 and March 31, 2012. The rate will go up further to 8.8% from April 1, 2012.Ravi Kant added the cabinet also gave its approval to the government decision to pay revised dearness allowance to retired employees with effect from January 1 this year.That apart, the cabinet approved increasing the size of Bihar Contingency Fund (BCF) to Rs 2,250 crore for the period ending March 31, 2013. Of the sum, Rs 750 crore would be spent on relief and related measures as part of disaster management and Rs 1,500 crore would be spent for other purposes. However, at the end of the 2012-13 fiscal year, Rs 350 crore would remain in BCF as is mandatory, Ravi Kant said.According to him, the cabinet also gave its nod to create 26 temporary posts in forensic science laboratory (FSL). Creation of a trust headed by the principal secretary of home department to carry out rehabilitation of the families of convicts was also approved. One-third of the money payable to convicts for the work performed during their period of incarceration would be used for the rehabilitation of their families back home.The cabinet sanctioned the release of Rs 1,576.65 crore - Rs 1,271.65 crore as central share and Rs 304.82 crore from state share - for the midday meal scheme in schools during the current financial year. A sum of Rs 1.02 crore was okayed for the salaries of home science, music, commerce and Bangla language teachers who satisfy the parameters in project high schools. As per the cabinet decision, the services of these teachers who fail to satisfy the parameters have to be terminated.Similarly, the cabinet also gave its approval to the release of Rs 11.65 crore for the payment of salaries during the current financial year to head librarians employed by district board and urban local bodies, as well as to clear their old salary dues. Besides, the cabinet also gave its sanction to the release of Rs 133.57 crore for the payment of salaries of 12,787 middle school teachers run by district boards and various urban local bodies during the current financial year, as well as to clear their old salary dues.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942368", "title": "Avi left home after scolding?", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Sabarmati police officials claimed that Avi Mehta, the 12-year-old boy who went missing on June 1 and was found on June 6, had fled from his house after scolding from his father. The father had earlier alleged that the police were not doing enough to trace his son.Sabarmati police said that Avi - a resident of Karnavati Flats in Dharmanagar - went to a nearby provision store to purchase recharge coupons for his mother's mobile phone on June 1 afternoon. As he did not return for more than two hours, his family members became worried and launched a search. Sabarmati police were also informed later in the night.After getting tip-off from Gandhinagar police, investigators started working on the possibility that Avi might have been abducted by a priest, who was spotted with a group of kids at Sector 28 of the state capital. Avi, however, was reported to be in Rajkot.Sabarmati police inspector N M Goswami said that they questioned Avi after he came back home and learned that he had fled to Rajkot on June 1 in a train. His mother had died some time back after which his father had remarried. Avi was yet adjusting even as his academics suffered and his recent results angered his father who slapped him. \"It might have upset him greatly. His maternal uncle, however, had died too recently and thus he was contemplating whether to go to their house or not and what to say to them. He spent one day outside a hotel near the railway station. On second day, he was spotted by a teen who is friend of Bhavik, Avi's cousin. As Avi had spent his childhood there, he immediately informed Bhavik and Avi was taken home,\" said Goswami.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942235", "title": "Class XI science admissions begin", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Students queued up in large numbers outside schools to secure admission in class XI (science) on Friday. Most prestigious schools sold between 500-700 admission forms on a single day.Officials said that there are 70 English medium schools offering class XI (science) in Ahmedabad with 6,000 seats. In Gujarati medium, there are 135 schools offering higher secondary schooling in science.In all, there are 190 schools offering class XI (science) with 20,000-odd seats. DEO R I Patel said that students need not worry about getting admission in class XI (science) as there are more than enough seats.Officials said that many students bought forms from more than one school for a sure admission in school of their choice.Principal of St Xavier's Loyola Hall School Fr Ferdinand Durai said that on the first day more forms were sold as parents bought admission forms from multiple schools.Principal of Diwan Ballubhai School in Kankaria, Kirit Joshi said that most students will get admission in science stream without any major problem.The first merit list is to be declared on June 12. Schools have to give admission on 30 seats to students of their schools while 10 seats have been reserved for students of other schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13956298", "title": "Shanghai offers truth but no redemption", "text": "In a dark dingy dreadfully corrupt town run by politicians and their goons, there lives no hope. In my favourite sequence in this masterly study of political damnation a young raw policeman stands in front of a softspoken IAS officer trying to cover up for his seniors who have tampered with evidence regarding the assassination attempt on a charismic anti-industrialization leader.The young cop doesn't know where to look, what to say...That dreadful dithering uncertainty of a people smothered by corruption encircles the densely populated richly layered world that Dibakar Bannerjee has built in this powerful political parable ironically named Shanghai.Hence the mofussil godforsaken politically-infested town is turned into a garish setting for modernization. An Enron-styled multi-national company wants to change the town's destiny. Turn Shirdi into Shanghai, so to speak.Dr Ahmadi(Prosenjeet Chatterjee) sees through the modernization ruse. Flirty and magnetic, Ahmedi arrives in the unnamed town to implore people not to sell off their homes and land to the big daddys from pardes. He pays for his warning speech with his life.Who needs heroes when there are so many zeroes on the cheque?As Ahmedi lies dying in an ill-equipped hospital a plot that grips the seedy town unfolds onion style. Layer after layer of deceit and conspiracy is laid open, until we look at that undressed naked gaping wound which is Bharat Mata's political system.Often we are left looking at the emptiness at the heart of the globalization dream. Burgers are fine . But what happened to good old daal-roti? Ironically Shanghai treats the theme of rampant globalization burger style. Apart from one utterly irrelevant item song(which serves its purpose in the plot but cannot get away from charges of being gratuitous) there are no superfluous concessions to audiences' lazy perceptive powers. A week after something as blissfully brainless as Rowdy Rathore we can't expect the junta to actually THINK in a movie,can we? Grow up, you say? Why should we,counter the opium-numbed masses. Take it how you want. But there are no self-indulgent interludes of indolence in Dibakar's storytelling. The storm leading up to the explosive culmination builds up as though on its volition.There's no tampering with the truth of cinematic devices as the lies,damned lies, unfold in a grotesque parade of subverted democracy. The violence associated with present day Indian politics is seldom given a chance to rum amok in the narrative.The idea of irreversible corruption is more implied than depicted. Shanghai is a film of supple and whispering suggestions. The conspiracy to thwart the truth about the central political murder is brought forward with a deepening sense of shame. Bravura is not a virtue in the script. The mortified remains of a nation stripped of conscientious political governance are seen blowing blissfully in the wind as the characters attempt to catch the last shred of evidence that there once lived the Gandhis and the Nehrus on the nation of damnation.Shanghai is work of unmitigated honesty(we're overlooking the item song). There are no compromised episodes. The brutality, inwards or physical, is never dressed up in filmy finery. From the parched location to the unwashed characters the detailing in the screenplay by Urmi Juverker and Dibakar Bannerjee leaves no room for quibble.The unnerving ambiguity of the characters' destiny sometimes leads to sequences where our horrified response to the volume of political atrocity exceeds the actual visual description of the atrocity. When Emraan Hashmi's colleague is bumped off in a road accident and Emraan accompanies the numbed wife to the accident spot, or when Kalki gets uncontrollably violent pounding at her mentor's killer with anything she can lay her hands on, we know our administrative system has reached breaking point.By and large Dibakar steers clear of excesses in the drama. He is full command of the chaos mayhem and anarchy. In many ways Shanghai is more in control of the chaos depicted than most other political dramas in Hindi .The scenes of rioting and arson are shot not for their visual impact but to lay open the trap that we've created for our own destinies by choosing closet criminals as our political leaders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13939999", "title": "MSRTC flying squad busts major racket of illegally hauled parcels", "text": "Chandrapur: The flying squad of Maharashtra State Road Transport Corporation (MSRTC) on Friday busted a major racket of illegal hauling of parcels through interstate buses. 1.2 tonnes of illegally transported parcels were seized from Hyderabad-Aheri bus at Rajura bus stop.The raid was carried out on a complaint of Uncle Parcel and Forwarding Private Limited (UPFPL), the official contractor company for parcel carting through MSRTC buses.UPFPL CEO Samir Shah said that it was a major racket being run by drivers and conductors taking interstate buses in connivance with local officers of MSRTC. \"Illegal transportation of parcel through MSRTC buses is high on interstate buses. The drivers and conductors refuse to take parcels of the contractor company in buses but directly take them from parties for hauling for a petty sum,\" he alleged.UPFPL got the contract of parcel shipping through MSRTC buses for Rs 40 crore. However, soon the company learnt that the drivers and conductors were involved in illegal hauling. \"Local officers at MSRTC divisional office ensure that handful of drivers and conductors take the interstate buses one after another on the same route. These drivers directly take parcels from customers bypassing our company and earn as much as Rs 5,000-8,000 per trip. The company sustains losses to the tune of Rs 40-50 lakh per month,\" he said. Similar practice is also rampant among bus drivers and conductors who run within the state.Shah said MSRTC buses ply to different destinations in the neighbouring Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka. \"Three buses run from Chandrapur division for Hyderabad where illegal hauling is rampant. When we filed a complaint with higher MSRTC officers, they asked us to help in catching such drivers and conductors red-handed. The company officers caught parcels weighing 520kg on June 5 on their own and brought the matter to the notice of divisional controller MS Bhaisare,\" he said.Shah said after this, the drivers and contactors on interstate route changed tactics and started downloading illegal parcels a few km away from Chandrapur. When Bhaisare sent the flying squad to check the practice on this route, it came empty-handed on June 6. Taking the matter seriously, Bhaisare summoned the flying squad from Wardha for a raid on Friday. The squad reached Rajura bus stand, 25km from here and waited for the Hyderabad-Aheri bus. As soon as the bus came in the morning, the team raided it and seized 1,200kg of parcel illegally carried by the driver and conductor, he said.\"The flying squad has registered statements of six customers who had come to pick their parcels. Stern action will be taken against drivers and conductors involved in the malpractice,\" he said.Bhaisare confirmed the raid on Hyderabad-Aheri bus and seizure of illegally transported parcel. He however said action will be taken after receipt of report from Wardha's flying squad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13945433", "title": "Miscreants attack couple in Varanasi", "text": "VARANASI: In a molestation bid, some miscreants attacked a woman and her husband around midnight at Binaura village under Jigna police station in Mirzapur district on Thursday. Both of them were admitted to the district hospital.According to reports, some miscreants raided the house of Shiv Kumar around midnight when the family members were sleeping. Shiv Kumar was beaten up badly. They took him away from the house. Later, the miscreants tried to sexually abuse his wife, Santara Devi (22).However, when she resisted, the miscreants attacked her with some sharp edged weapon. She sustained serious injuries on her neck. The miscreants fled from the scene.Shiv Kumar was found in unconscious state away from the house. They were rushed to the hospital. when contacted over phone, the Jigna police inspector said Shiv Kumar also had bloodstains on his hands. The matter is being investigated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13947723", "title": "FORCE gives thumbs-up to govt\u2019s MoI decision", "text": "Margao: Welcoming the government's decision on the medium-of-instruction issue, Forum for Rights of Children's Education (FORCE) thanked chief minister Manohar Parrikar for taking the views of parents into consideration.FORCE said it appreciated Parrikar's role as a leader of the state who kept his own views aside, and called upon all stakeholders to work together to enhance the quality of education in Goa in order to help students become more competitive.\"FORCE would like to welcome the policy decision on MOI by the government and hopes the government will implement the same in the right earnest. We are grateful to the chief minister, together with his cabinet for their considered decision,\" said Savio Lopes, general secretary, FORCE, while addressing mediapersons on Saturday in the presence of the executive committee. \"Parents have been entrusted with a major responsibility for the upbringing of their child. It is their prerogative to make decisions for their children and we hail that wisdom has prevailed,\" added Lopes.The executive committee comprising Lopes, convenor Premanand Naik, treasurer Sinthia da Costa Fernandes and other members such as Mariano Araujo, Angelo Dias, Arnaldo Costa, Hugo Gonsalves and Anthony Vaz met on Wednesday to discuss the implications of the MOI decision on behalf of the parents. \"We thank the parents for their trust and support and we hope that we have lived up to their expectations,\" added Lopes.FORCE's executive members, however, stressed upon the fact that the need of the hour was to enhance the quality of education and move forward. \"We pray that no politics may influence our education system. There are no losers or winners. Let us work for the welfare of all the children - rich and poor alike,\" added Costa Fernandes.Asked if there was any bias in the MoI decision, given the various benefits announced to Konkani primary education schools and those wishing to set up such schools, FORCE said that it had no objection to the same.Asked to comment on Parrikar's statement that the long-term decision on MoI would be first studied by an academic authority, FORCE executive committee members said they would keep a close watch on the same. \"Even in an expert body, the members may have different opinions on MoI and we will have to wait and see what they decide before commenting,\" added Lopes, while expressing hope that the government would implement its decision as announced and appreciated Parrikar for \"his total statesmanship\".Asked on the future of FORCE, the members said that the forum was formed through a democratic process and a general body meeting will be convened where the parents would decide on its future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940011", "title": "Charges reframed against four accused in Divya murder case", "text": "KANPUR: The first additional district and session judge, Kanpur nagar, Dr Vijay Laxmi reframed charges against four accused in much publicized Divya murder case and reserved the order on bail application of two accused named as Peeyush Verma and Surendra Mishra.The prosecution had charged all the four accused in different sections of IPC on September 27, 2011. Main accused, Peeyush Verma, was charged at that time for murder, rape and unnatural offences.However, on Friday, court added one more charge and that was of destroying the evidence. Peeyush has been charged under section 302/376/377/201 IPC.The court also added one more charge against the remaining three accused identified as Chanda pal Vema, Mukesh and Surendra Mishra.The court, under section 202 IPC, alleged that they had intentionally omitted to give information of offence. Earlier they were charged under section 304/109/201 IPC.The accused had brought an order from high court that charges should be reframed because at the time of charges, the court had not heard their views.The presiding judge, who had heard the arguments on bail of Peeyush and Surendra Mishra, said the court would deliver its order on bail on June 12. Chandra Pal and Mukesh are already on bail. The Allahabad high court had granted them bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944928", "title": "\u2018Connect all district HQs by 4-lane roads\u2019", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief secretary Jawed Usmani, on Friday, said that all district headquarters should be connected by four-lane roads within the current fiscal. In a review meeting of state highways, Usmani also said plans should immediately be made to connect all habitations with population of 200 to 500 persons with rural roads.In key decisions taken during the review meeting, Usmani said the rural development department, apart from connecting habitations with more than 500 people population, will also connect Naxal-affected districts Chandauli, Mirzapur and Sonbhadra with rural roads.In naxal districts, roads will be built in places with population count of 200 to 500 persons as well. Instructions were also issued to draw up lists of those habitations that need to be connected with the district headquarters on a priority basis.Giving details of the progress of ongoing projects in the state, principal secretary PWD, Kumar Arvind Singh Deo said the UP had sought Centre's sanction for upgrading two-lane roads with paved shoulders, connecting national highways and district headquarters, to four-lane roads.Among other upgrade works undertaken by the state government, Singh Deo also said PWD would construct nearly 187 kilometres of four-lane roads in Jyotiba Phule Nagar, Kaushambi, Farrukhabad, Deoria, Kanshiram Nagar, Bhimnagar and Shrawasti, among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13944725", "title": "Ahead of Rio summit, move to dilute existing principles", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even before the Rio summit on sustainable development begins on June 20, the gloves have come off with the developed world pushing to dilute existing principles while they campaign for capital intensive targets for the developing world to achieve against strict timelines.The G-77 block of developing countries has pushed for financial commitments from the developed world to meet the sustainable development targets that the rich nations want as part of the Rio package. But, countries like the EU and the US have objected the move.While the EU has said that the Rio Conference is not a 'pledge conference', Canada has used the economic crunch in the West to refuse financial commitments. The US, too, has asked for deletion of the G77 proposal that said, \"We recognize that for significant international financing to give strong support to the various commitments made in the outcomes of Rio20, the developed countries agreed to provide new and additional resources exceeding 30 billion per year from 2013-17 to the developing countries in their efforts toward promotion of sustainable development.\" These battles are being fought on a document that the countries hope to hammer out by consensus as a Rio declaration by the end of the high-profile summit in the Brazilian capital. The conference will be held between June 20 and 22. The US has tried to shift focus from public funding of developed countries to either private finance or from monies from the southern world itself. The rich countries have also opposed any reference to transfer of costly technology to developing world to meet the costs of achieving a greener economy and sustainable development goals (SDGs).In another intervention, the G77 said that to undertake &quot;green economy policies&quot; in developing countries, the UN system has estimated that about $2 trillion would be required annually.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958072", "title": "Miley Cyrus and Liam Hemsworth's families happy over engagement", "text": "Miley Cyrus' mother Tish has admitted that she is \"so happy\" about her teenaged daughter's engagement.Liam and began dating in 2009 when they co-starred in 'The Last Song.'The couple have their families' blessing to walk down the aisle.Shortly after the former Disney star announced her engagement on Wednesday and told People magazine that she was looking \"forward to a life of happiness\" with the22-year-old Australian actor, her dad took to Twitter to share his excitement.\"All I ever hoped for as a Daddy was to see my kids reach their dreams,\" the New York Daily News quoted singer-actor Billy Ray Cyrus , 50, as tweeting.\"To find happiness...peace of mind ...and someday know... true love,\" he wrote.The 19-year-old's mom, Tish, also said that she was thrilled by the wedding news.\"Wow! All of the LOVE pouring out for Miley and Liam is incredible!\" she wrote on Twitter early Thursday.\"So happy for my precious baby girl and the love of her life!\" she wrote.Hemsworth's family is said to also be delighted for the young couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942260", "title": "Isolated rains to continue through weekend", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Pre-monsoon activity continues in the state. Weather officials have forecast that isolated rains and thundershowers will continue in different parts of the state and city, especially during the evenings, through the weekend.\"Monsoon has hit Goa coast. If all the conditions continue to remain favorable, there is hope that monsoon will keep its date with Gujarat\", said director of Indian Meteorology Department ( IMD), Gujarat Kamaljit Ray.While Ahmedabad has been receiving light showers during evenings since the past three days, pre-monsoon activity is more aggressive in south Gujarat where parts of Navsari, Surat and other areas are receiving heavy showers.After Goa, monsoon hits Mumbai and later progresses to south Gujarat. The normal date of onset of monsoon in south Gujarat is June 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940250", "title": "What is the Anda cell?", "text": "PUNE: The famous 'Anda cell' at the Yerawada Central Jail is nothing but an egg-shaped high-security block. Its two sections are divided into 10ft x 10 ft compartments spread over nearly 1,000 sq ft.The cell was constructed in 1990s when terrorists Harjinder Singh Jinda and Sukhdev Singh Sukha were brought to the jail before being hanged to death in 1992. He duo was convicted for the assassination of former Army chief General Arun Kumar Vaidya, who had led Operation Bluestar at the Golden Temple in Punjab.In recent times, Anda cell was in news when fake stamp paper scam kingpin Abdul Karim Telgi and actor Sanjay Dutt , who was arrested in the 1993 Mumbai bomb blast case for illegal possession of a prohibited weapon, were lodged here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943729", "title": "Sree Narayana confederation to come up soon", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An umbrella organization of all Sree Narayana movement working in and outside the country will come up soon.The confederation based in New Delhi plans to unite its 45 movements, said national convener V Ashokan and national co-ordinator Peethambaran Kunnathoor.The confederation will be launched at Bhopal in the second week of September at the meeting of the board of representatives of the Bhopal Sri Narayana Mission.The bylaw of the proposed confederation and the detailed schedule of the Bhopal convention will be discussed at the steering committee meeting to be held on June 17 at the Malayali association hall, New Delhi, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13942047", "title": "Snag hits services on Dwarka line", "text": "NEW DELHI: A large number of commuters using the Dwarka to Noida/Vaishali Metro line had to face problems on Friday after an overhead electrical (OHE) line tripped near Janakpuri (west) station, slowing down the train movement. The glitch occurred at 9.15am during peak hours and could only be rectified by 10.45am, leading to a massive bunching of trains.Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) had to resort to single-line operations for almost ninety minutes between Janakpuri (west) and Rajouri Garden, said a Metro official. As a result, several trips were cancelled and large crowds thronged major interchange stations like Rajiv Chowk Metro station.Commuters traveling on the line complained of slow movement of trains and many faced problems as some trains were terminated at the Rajouri Garden station on the way to Dwarka. According to DMRC officials, the fault took time to be rectified as the trains had to be stopped. \"The single line operation had to be maintained as the fault was on the line on the way to Dwarka. However, the snag was rectified within an hour,\" an official said.Passengers claimed that train services were disrupted till noon and the stations were so crowded that several commuters preferred to take an autorickshaw/bus to work. Tina Mishra, who takes the metro from Tilak Nagar station said, \"There was such a long queue at the station entrance that I opted to take a bus instead.\"\"The problem was at the stations after Rajouri Garden. There was an issue with electricity supply so we had to terminate some trains at Rajouri Garden till the problem got fixed,\" an official at Karol Bagh station said. Trains halted at Karol Bagh, Rajendra Place and Shadipur Metro stations for a few minutes each, resulting in delay in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13939136", "title": "Sandeep Sejwal, Virdhawal Khade hope to get FINA nod", "text": "NEW DELHI: With the London Games approaching fast, India's ace swimmers Sandeep Sejwal and Virdhawal Khade will leave for Frankfurt on Saturday for a month long training as part of their preparation for the Olympics. The advanced training-cum-competition trip, sponsored by the sports ministry, will help the swimmers get acclimatized to the conditions in London.\"We will be training in Frankfurt to get acclimatized to the time zone and weather conditions in London. To our advantage we will be training with faster swimmers and those who have already qualified for the Games,\" Sandeep Sejwal, who became the first Indian swimmer to make FINA's Invitation Time in July last year, told TOI on Friday.The swimmers, who will be accompanied by their coach Nihar Ameen, are focusing on improving upon their timings at the qualifying meet in Rome scheduled from June 14. The world body's final list of top 900 swimmers for the Games will be released on June 18. \"Rome is our last chance to better our timings. We are going to do our best. If we get the FINA nod, we will continue to train and go to London from Frankfurt,\" coach Ameen said.Sejwal has achieved the invitational time in 100m and 200m breaststroke while Khade has got it in 100m freestyle. \"I have been getting better timings after qualifying in July last year. A good timing in Rome will help us move up in the FINA list,\" Sejwal said.Maharashtra's Khade will be looking to add 50m and 200m freestyle to his events. \"We swam well in Hyderabad in the recently concluded Federation Cup. Hopefully we can swim faster in Rome. I am just 0.20 microseconds away in 50m and only 0.03 in 200m,\" Khade said.\"We have trained in Germany before and we have a month there before moving to London,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940021", "title": "Man punished for raping minor girl", "text": "KANPUR: The additional disrtrict and session judge Vth, Kanpur Nagar, Neerja Singh on Friday convicted one Kuldeep for kidnapping and raping a minor girl and punished him with seven years of rigorous imprisonment along with a fine of Rs 5000.According to the case file, the accused had enticed minor girl of village Gopalpur on June 11, 2007 and fetched her away to other places.He physically exploited her. The police registered a case against him on July 15, 2007 and recovered the girl later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13941111", "title": "Attempt to rob finance firm fails, one held", "text": "TRICHY: A security alarm thwarted the attempts of a gang which tried to burgle a finance company in Kumbakonam in Thanjavur district late on Thursday night.Hearing the alarm sounding residents in the vicinity rushed to the spot and caught hold of one of the robbers, while the others managed to escape.The thieves attempted to steal the cash and jewels from a finance company on the second floor of the four-storeyed commercial complex in Periya Kadai Veethi in Kumbakonam. Before entering the finance company, they broke open an insurance company on the third floor and tried to break the almirah in which valuables were kept.As they failed in their attempts, they entered the finance company. Since the company was equipped with a burglary security alarm they tried to cut the wire. However, the alarm started blaring. The panicked burglars took to their heels. Meanwhile, the public in the area woke up and chased down one the thieves.Later, they handed him over to Kumbakonam east police station who interrogated him. Initial investigation revealed his name as Hariramakrishnan. The police registered the case and an investigation is on to nab the remaining culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13947560", "title": "Adrenaline rush for autocross lovers", "text": "DHARWAD: After a long gap of four decades, citizens of Dharwad will get to see cars and motorcycles zooming in high speed with the Bangalore-based VASA Autosports organizing the autocross for two-wheelers and four-wheelers in Dharwad on June 10.It was in late seventies that the citizens of Dharwad had an opportunity to see world class racers zooming past the city as part of the London-Sydney Car race.President of VASA Autosports Ashok Kumar Tiwari and Ravindra Chougale of RCB Lubes, Dharwad, who is supporting the event said on Thursday that from the four round state-level championship, the first round concluded in Bangalore on May 13, and the Dharwad round-2 is schedule on 10 June. The remaining two rounds shall be in post monsoon in Shimoga, Tumkur, Mysore or Bangalore.With 70 two-wheelers and 40 four-wheelers participants from across Karnataka being part of this round, it shall be the first of its kind event in the district. While the two-wheelers will be mass start, cars will be individually timed. For the first time, Dharwad will witness women drivers participating in such events.In two-wheelers the tough fight will be between last year champion Madhu.S, Naresh VS, Basheer from Bangalore and Tanveer from Mysore.In four wheelers the tough competition shall be between last year champion Baban Khan, RD Patel, Shabbir and Suhem Kabir in the professional class.This 450 mts long track will have many curves with a good stretch to try out maximum speed and the riders capability.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952904", "title": "NIOS declares class XII result", "text": "The Senior Secondary April 2012 examination result of the National Institute of Open Schooling (NIOS) was declared on Thursday. In class XII about 2,16,610 students appeared in the examination as against 2,01,732 students appeared during the last April 2011 examination. There is about 8% increase in the number of senior secondary candidates appearing this April 2012 examination.This year 67,050 girls appeared for the exam out of which 31,280 cleared the exam and 149,560 boys appeared for the exam out of which 62,573 cleared the exam. The performance of girls was better as compared to boys.Students can view and download their result at the NIOS website www.nios.ac.in. The result is also available on the website www.indiaresult.com, www.examresults.net and www.exametc.comThe result will also be available through SMS. For Sr. Secondary Type - NIOS12 and for Secondary Type - NIOS10 and send it to any one of the following numbers. The Numbers are 5676750, 56263Result through IVRS: By dialing NIOS Learner Support Centre (Toll Free) - 18001809393Result through E-mail: Send your request for result to:lsc@nios.ac.inThe mark statements, migration certificates and provisional certificates are being dispatched to the learners through NIOS regional centres. The examination fees for the October 2012 examination will be deposited both online and offline as per the schedule from June 16 to June 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944322", "title": "Dimple Yadav, Kannauj to be part of bypoll history", "text": "LUCKNOW: Her husband Akhilesh Yadav has already made history by becoming the youngest chief of India's most populous and politically crucial state at the age of 38. And, Dimple Yadav too is finally smelling victory in Kannauj, the city of fragrance and perfumes.While, the major political parties have already decided to give a walkover to Mulayam Singh Yadav's daughter-in-law, the 35-year-old would etch her name into the record books, as she has been declared elected unopposed from the constituency, considered to be a stronghold of the Yadav clan. In doing so, Dimple would become the only second parliamentarian from Uttar Pradesh to have won the election without even a single vote being cast, since Manabendra Shah of the Congress, who bagged this honour in the 1962 Lok Sabha elections from Tehri Garhawal parliamentary constituency.On the last day of the withdrawal of names on Friday, Dashrath Singh Shankwar (Sanyukt Samajwadi Dal) and Sanju Katiyar (Independent), withdrew their nominations leaving Dimple the only candidate in the electoral fray, additional electoral officer Ramesh Chand Yadav said. An official announcement in this regard could be made later by the Election Commission. The Returning Officer for the Kannauj Lok Sabja bypolls Selva Kumari J confirmed on Friday that Dimple Yadav was the only candidate for the seat, as the remaining two independent candidates had withdrawn their nominations on the last day for withdrawal. The RO is expected to formally announce Dimple's victory unopposed on Saturday, after due clearance from the Election Commission.Out of 15 general elections that the country has witnessed so far, there have been eight elections, which have seen people getting elected unopposed. While, the first such instance took place in the first general election itself in 1951, the last time anyone got elected unopposed to Lok Sabha was in 1989. The highest number of parliamentarians getting elected unopposed was five in 1951, 1957 and 1967.Interestingly most of the winners in this category are from the Congress. The sequence of getting elected unopposed began in 1951 general elections, in which five parliamentarians were elected without a single voter casting his vote. The winners included TA Ramlinga Chettiar (Coimbatore, Madras), T Sangana (Rayagada Phulbani (ST), Orissa), Krishna Charya Joshi (Yadgir, Hyderabad), Maj Gen MS Himatsinhji (Halar, Saurashtra) and Anand Chand (Bilaspur). Barring Anand Chand who contested as an independent candidate, rest of the winners hailed from the Congress. Similarly, in 1957, Sangam Lakshmi Bai, D Satyanarayan Raju, Bijoy Chandra Bhagwati, Mangrubabu Uike and J Siddananjappa H emerged victorious from Vicarabad (Andhra Pradesh), Rajamundry (Andhra Pradesh), Darrang (Assam), Mandla (ST) (Madhya Pradesh) and Hassan (Mysore) respectively. All the winners were from Congress.In 1962, it was the turn of three Congress leaders to register wins. While, TT Krisnamachari won from Tiruchendur in Madras, Harekrushna Mahtab and Manabendra Shah were elected unopposed from Angul (Orissa) and Tehri Garhawal (Uttar Pradesh) respectively. Five MPs were elected unopposed in 1967 also. These were: KL Rao from Vijaywada (AP), R Brahma from Kokrajha-ST (Assam), MS Qureshi and K Bakula from Anantnag and Ladakh (Jammu &amp; Kashmir) respectively and Chubatoshi from Nagaland. While, the first four won on Congress ticket, Chubatoshi represented Nagaland Nationalist Organisation.General elections in 1971 saw Sadanatha Mohammed Sayeed of the Congress winning from Lakshadweep Islands. In 1977, two Congressmen, Rinchin Khandu Khimre and Chatra Bahadur Chhetri triumphed from Arunachal West and Sikkim respectively.Union Cabinet minister and former chief minister of Jammu and Kashmir, Farooq Abdullah also tasted success in 1980, when he was elected unopposed to the seventh Lok Sabha from Srinagar parliamentary constituency on Jammu and Kashmir National Conference ticket. Providence smiled on another JKNC MP Mohd Safi Bhat in 1989, when he was declared elected unopposed from Srinagar Lok Sabha seat.Even in the UP assembly elections, there have been few instances, when an MLA has been elected without even a single vote being cast. The first such instance could be traced to 1957, when as many as four MLAs were elected unopposed. These include Vinay Lakshmi (Deoprayag), Surat Chand (Tehri), Jayendra Singh (Rawain) and Jitendra Pratap Singh (Kanth). All the four MLAs were from the Congress. The next time, when UP saw an MLA getting elected unopposed was in 1985, when Gulab Singh of Congress emerged victorious from Chakrata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958118", "title": "I am inspired by Rekhaji: Archita Sahu", "text": "In the bilingual film based on Swami Vivekananda, Rajasthan was recreated in parts of Odisha. Director Tutu Sinha and actor Archita Sahu talk about the film in a TOI exclusive When director Tutu Sinha decided to make a bilingual film on the life of Swami Vivekananda, his research took him travelling across the country. When he reached Odisha, he was pleasantly surprised by the similarity of the landscape with what he had visualized for the scenes of the film that were supposed to be shot in Rajasthan. The result was that the director decided to recreate Rajasthan in Odisha. Not just using the landscape, he also cast Odia actor, Archita Sahu, in an important role in the movie.Says the director, \"My film is titled \"The Light: Swami Vivekananda\" and is a billingual in Hindi and Bengali. It is now being shot in Kolkata and will be dubbed in 18 languages. We have already completed shooting the portions in Odisha. It was blazing hot when we shot in May. But as a cinematographer-director, I'm fascinated by the landscape there. We shot in Rairangpur and Simlipal. We shot close to a mine in Odisha and the visuals, including the colour of stones out, there was fascinating.\"While most of the actors are from the theatre background, Archita was cast after the director saw her film work. \"I had watched a play of the theatre group called Sambed. That's where I met Deep Bhattacharya, who is playing the role of Swami Vivekananda. There were no photographs available of Ma Sarada during her youth. We used computer techniques to back-compose and figure out how she might look when she was young. This look matched with that of Tollywood actor Gargi Roy Chowdhury. Premankur Chattopadhyay, who also has a theatre background, is playing Sri Ramakrishna. Sister Nivedita is being played the California-based actor \u2014 Courtney Stephens Brook,\" he says.Archita, he says, was just right for the role of Moinabai. \"She is a trained dancer and it helped when we shot the sequence where she performed a mujra,\" the director says. In the film, Archita's character does a mujra for Maharaja Ajit Singh Bahadur \u2014 a ruler of the princely state of Khetri and a disciple of Swami Vivekananda. Ajit Singh had encouraged Swamiji to speak at the Parliament of the World's Religions at Chicago in 1893.The Maharaja had organized a recital after the birth of his son. \"Legend has it that the queen had a son after the couple was blessed by Swamiji. Before leaving for America, Swamiji had met the king. In my film, I show that initially Swamiji didn't quite appreciate the idea of the mujra. But he has a change of heart when Moinabai meets him. After listening to a bhajan sung by Moinabai, he is moved to changed his perspective. Kavita Krishnamurthy has rendered both the mujra and the bhajan in the film.\"Meanwhile, Archita is thrilled with her experience of shooting for this movie. \"I didn't shoot in Odisha but went to the Burdwan rajbari to shoot my sequences in the naachmahal. I am a trained Odissi dancer and always wanted to do a film that would explore my talent. When I watched \"Umrao Jaan\", I would dream of an offer where I too would be able to do such a mujra. Unfortunately, Ollywood doesn't make films where I would get that scope. I was inspired by Rekha to do this mujra in the film, which is targetting the international audience and film festivals.\"As for her co-star Deep Bhattacharya, who plays the role of Swamiji, Archita says, \"When I first saw a still of Deep as Swamiji from the movie, I thought it was a photograph of the great master. He bears uncanny resemblance to Swamiji. While in school, we had read about his discourses. I am glad that I have got this opportunity to do a Hindi film on such an iconic character.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943934", "title": "Shaking a leg for sake of happy married life", "text": "INDORE: Married for two years, young Neetu and Vicky have found a way to add spice to their married life by 'shaking a leg'. There are many couples like this one, which have joined dance classes for a healthy married life. The city has seen springing up of dance classes over the past couple of years, which are helping young couple learn 'shake a leg' lifestyle.\"We thought that this anniversary, we will try to do something different. So we joined dance classes,\" Neetu Khanna, a housewife, said, adding they attended a salsa workshop, before the anniversary and performed on the gala night. \"All our friends and relatives were bowled over seeing our dancing skills, and from then onwards my husband and I are in love with dance. We would love to work on our dancing skills,\" said visibly happy Khannas.\"The benefits of dancing are not limited to just entertainment or romance. It's a fun and energetic way to burn calories,\" says Rita Nainani a housewife cum beauty parlour owner. \"My husband is a good dancer whereas I am an amateur. For husband's happiness, I thought of learning dance, and when I told him about this, he was excited. It was then the two of us decided to join dance class. Now, we are confident enough that we can perform at any function without any hesitation,\" she concludes.For Deepika and Amit Pandi, dancing is the divine and best way to express feelings. \"We might have different reasons for dancing. The fact is that we both get to spend time together. It makes us feel relaxed and keeps us fit.\" Amit says, \"We love going around in discs every weekend only for the love for dance and music, and my wife has started taking dance lessons for this.\"\"When the marriage programme of my daughter was finalised, it was decided to have one celebration of mahila sangeet,\" says Girish Patwardhan, 60, adding that a choreographer was engaged and he nearly gave him a shock that mother and father of bride would have to perform on the stage. \"My wife and I never shook a leg in any programme and the choreographer was not ready to budge. Ultimately, we decided to perform,\" Patwardhan said, adding that his elder daughter practises kathak even after her marriage. But she and her husband never tried any form of dance in their life.Chunks Chugh, choreographer and owner of Dance Temple says, \"In this age and day when both husband and wife are busy making money and do not have much time for each other, we provide them a platform to look into each other's eyes and realize their lost love and it's fun teaching them.\"Concurs Tarun Sharma of Dance Indore Dance, \"Couples come here especially to learn dance for functions like marriages, ladies sangeet, new year parties and anniversaries. We not only teach them salsa but also make them do some Punjabi numbers, Bollywood styles and contemporaries. Here couples from every age group come to learn dance and groove their relationships.\"We organize a workshop for salsa quarterly in a year. Couples in the age group of 25- 50 come here to spend quality time with their spouse, and relive their romance. Salsa, jive and meringue are the favorite forms of dance among the couples. We also add some fun element to their dancing by making them dance on the beats of Bollywood &amp; Tollywood,\" says Tarun Barot, owner and choreographer at \"8 Tarun Barot Dance Studio\" at YN Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943296", "title": "Aarushi trial on, 3 depose", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the Supreme Court refused to quash trial proceedings against Nupur Talwar and her husband Rajesh Talwar in the Aarushi-Hemraaj murder case, the trial started at a Ghaziabad court on Friday with Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) presenting three witnesses.Journalists were not allowed to attend the hearing but a CBI lawyer said a Noida police photographer, a forensic expert and a Noida electricity board official testified. Constable Chunni Lal Gautam, official photographer of Noida police, reportedly told the court that when he visited the Talwars' house in Jalvayu Vihar around 8am on May 16, 2008, he found blood marks on the wall behind Aarushi's bed but no blood on the toys and the pillow kept on it. A day later, he went back to the house to click pictures of Hemraj's body on the terrace but found out that it had already been removed to the mortuary. Sources said Lal's statement supports CBI's theory that the Talwars had cleaned up the crime scene.Lal was not cross-examined as the Talwars' lawyers told court that they were not informed about his testimony. He will be cross-examined during the next hearing on June 21.A bottle of scotch seized from the Talwars' house soon after the murders was produced in court on Friday. CBI prosecutor RK Saini said AD Saha, senior scientific officer of Central Forensic Science Laboratory (CFSL), deposed in court regarding the bottle. He reportedly claimed that there were no fingerprints on the bottle but blood of both Aarushi and Hemraj was on its surface, suggesting that somebody had touched it after the murders.Cross-examining Saha, the Talwars' lawyers asked him how many cases he had examined in his career. Saha replied that he had worked on about 10,000 cases and given his opinion on 5,000.The third witness, Rajesh Kumar, an executive engineer of Noida Electricity Board, testified that there were no power cuts in Jalvayu Vihar from 6pm on May 15 to 7am on May 16. Saini claimed this supported the CBI theory that somebody inside the house turned the Internet router on and off several times on the night of murder. Kumar showed the department's log book as evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13956359", "title": "IT cos postpone campus hiring", "text": "CHENNAI: Information technology companies have put off campus recruitments by three months to September 2012, saying they had delayed visits to engineering colleges because of \"operational reasons\". Industry insiders, however, attribute this to the slowdown the industry is facing.Every year, India produces an estimated 10 lakh engineering graduates, of which two lakh are recruited by IT companies. In 2010, these companies hired 1.7 lakh engineers and in 2011, they offered jobs to two lakh.Earlier this year, industry body Nasscom said members would recruit two lakh engineers in 2012 despite economic gloom in the West and other slowdown flags hoisted on the tech horizon.IT companies have delayed campus hiring this time because, officials said, they are not expecting manufacturing firms to recruit in large numbers this year. \"We have decided to visit the campus only in September. This was decided internally among Nasscom members,\" a recruitment head of an IT company said.Industry insiders also attributed the hiring delay to the general slowdown weighing on the sector.Exports from the IT sector are set to slow down further this fiscal. Nasscom has predicted a growth rate of 11-14% for the industry in FY13, compared with a projected 16.3% in FY2012. The lowering of growth estimates is because of the reduced spending on technology by US corporations, the debt crisis in Europe and the political unrest in the Middle East.Training for 2011 recruits started Usually, companies visit campuses during the eighth semester but last year, Nasscom advanced hiring to the seventh semester. \"When we went in the eighth semester, we found that the core sector (manufacturing) drew the best of talent. Therefore, we advanced it to the seventh last year on a trial basis. It worked well. The industry issued offer letters to 2 lakh candidates,\" a source said.For candidates who were offered jobs in 2010, the \"on-boarding\" was supposed to start in May-June 2011, but it was delayed by nearly three months. On-boarding is the process of training campus recruits to make them job-ready for projects. \"A number of companies delayed on-boarding for 2010 recruits. The process should have started in June 2011. Thankfully, everybody was taken in, though there was a delay,\" said a company official.In some cases, the on-boarding for 2010 candidates was completed only in March 2012. \"We had finished on-boarding of the previous year campus recruits in March,\" Priti Rajora, global head (talent acquisition), Wipro Technologies, said.For the offers made in 2011, companies such as Wipro and Cognizant have started the on-boarding process in the last week of May. \"We have started on-boarding the campus recruits from May onwards,\" said Rajora. A Cognizant official said on-boarding started May end.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939170", "title": "Fish prasadam camp tragedy: Rationalists rap authorities for poor bandobust", "text": "HYDERABAD: Like every year, the staunchest critics of the fish medicine \u2014 Jana Vignana Vedika (JVV) members \u2014 reached the fish medicine camp at Kattedan on Friday morning to distribute awareness pamphlets on asthma among the patients gathered there.What they found at the venue was complete chaos following a stampede that had killed one person. Members of JVV, that has for years described the fish medicine as unscientific and even moved court against it, in 2005, reacted sharply to the pathetic arrangement made by the government. \"Even though we are opposed to people coming for this (fish prasadam camp), it is the government that should take responsibility for the lack of arrangement,\" said T Raja, state secretary, JVV.Ironically, observers see JVV's massive drive against fish medicine as the reason why the government has distanced itself from the mega affair over the years. If the entire government machinery would once work overtime to ensure the smooth conduct of the camp, it was glaringly missing on Friday.It was in 1997 that the Bathini Goud family got the support of TDP. Devender Goud, who was revenue minister then, says that the idea of supporting Bathini Goud's fish medicine camp was simple \u2014 there were thousands of people descending on Hyderabad year after year, staying in hotels, using local transport and all this without any advertising. Rough calculations by officials at the time had pegged Rs 10 to 15 crore as the revenue the state stood to earn from the event. \"So what's the harm in spending Rs 40 or Rs 50 lakh,\" Goud says, giving the logic used then to extend government support to the camp.What followed were possibly the best years for fish medicine in terms of popularity which extended from the TDP regime to the Congress period as well. Then, in 2005, JVV queered the pitch by describing fish medicine as unscientific, questioning the government support to the whole affair. \"They (JVV) felt that the government support was legitimising fish medicine,\" says Telakapalli Ravi, political analyst. The number of people coming to the camps, too, started dropping gradually with the rationalists spreading awareness against it and alternative therapies becoming popular.The JVV went on to move court against the medicine leading to the latter issuing two directions: one, Bathini's asthma cure should drop the term 'medicine' and be called 'prasadam' instead and, two, the government role should be limited in the whole affair.That year, as ordered by high court, the government put up several banners in English, Telugu and Urdu stating that the medicine does not 'have any proven medicinal value'. But the support continued in terms of maintaining law and order although, with dropping number of believers, it possibly lost interest in the camp. \"Various governments tried to associate themselves (with fish medicine) as long as there was a huge response. But when the courts and the scientific community questioned it, the government was caught in a dilemma,\" says Ravi.The dilemma turned out to be catastrophic on Friday morning for the many patients who have put their faith in the fish cure. The stampede carried the stamp of government disinterest. The crowd was not greater than what was last year and some estimates put the figure at around 50,000. If more believers decide to stay away from the fish camp next year, it wouldn't be for scientific reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13941005", "title": "Pandian case: 3 held for trying to murder accused", "text": "MADURAI: The Dindigul district secretary of Devendra Kula Vellalar Kuttamaippu and two of his associates were arrested for attempting to murder three persons who were accused in the murder of Pasupathi Pandian, founder of the Kuttamaippu.The three accused in the sensational murder survived a country bomb attack few days back when they were travelling in a car in Dindigul on June 4. Four days after the incident, police arrested A Alagarsamy (33) of Koovanuthu, district secretary of Devendra Kula Vellalar Kuttamaippu, deputy secretary P Kumaresan (40) of Chinnapallapatti, K Easwaran alias Kaleeswaran (27) of Anaipati for the retaliatory attack. The three had reportedly confessed to the police that they hurled country bombs on Madasamy (29) alias Basha, Natarajan (31) and Sannasi (39) in a bid to avenge the murder of their leader Pandian.Pandian, a native of Tuticorin was murdered by a gang in front of his house in Nandhavanathupatti village in Dindigul on January 10. However, the three told the police that they could not identify the person who hurled the bomb as they noticed the hiding man only after the bomb exploded. On suspicion, police interrogated Alagarsamy, Kumaresan and Easwaran and they reportedly confessed to have committed the offence. The trio was produced in the judicial magistrate court in Dindigul and remanded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "parkal", "code": "13939878", "title": "Parkal bypoll: Telangana bastion warms to Sharmila", "text": "PARKAL: With a fiery campaign in Parkal on Friday, Sharmila succeeded where her brother Jaganmohan Reddy had failed. But a tacit understanding with K Chandrasekhar Rao's TRS may have helped the YSR Congress Party's new mascot to storm the Telangana bastion, with her mother Vijayamma in tow. What more, the mother-daughter duo also managed to draw huge crowds during their road show in Geesukonda mandal headquarters in the afternoon and later at the public meeting here in the night.Observers, however, say that Vijayamma had a smooth passage in Telangana hotbed mainly because the TRS and Telangana political Joint Action Committee (JAC) had decided not to oppose her campaign. Some student groups from Kakatiya University in Warangal and Osmania University in Hyderabad had threatened to derail her 'prachara ratham' for her son's anti-Telangana stand. But they did not carry out their threats. In fact, this was the first time that a senior YSR Congress leader had entered north Telangana after Jagan had to call off his Odarpu yatra following an unprecedented violence in Mahbubabad.Initially, the TRS and other Telangana supporters said they would obstruct her tour but decided against doing so. JAC chairman M Kodandaram said they would not disrupt the YSR Congress leader's tour programme if she spelt out her party stand on the separate statehood issue. \"We will go by the larger sentiment of the Telangana people. My late husband YSR wanted to develop Telangana on a par with Seemandhra. He had special affection for the people of the region,\" Vijayamma said, straining every nerve to buy peace with T-protagonists at the public meeting here.Chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy, TDP chief Chandrababu Naidu and Jagan had faced violent protests from Telangana supporters during their rallies. Jagan, in fact, had to abort his plan to undertake Odarpu yatra in Warangal district following violent clashes between his supporters and pro-Telangana activists at Mahbubabad railway station. In fact, the images of YSR CP candidate Konda Surekha hurling back some of the stones at T-supporters were being played out by TRS candidate Bhikshapati who is locked in a keen contest with her.Earlier, Sharmila pumped in more adrenaline into the YSR CP campaign by continuing with her tirade against Congress and TDP leaders. Likening her brother Jagan to a caged lion, she said he still is a lion. Playing on the conspiracy angle to the death of her father, she questioned Kiran Kumar as to why he had dropped out at the last minute from accompanying YSR to the Rachabanda programme. \"Was it just destiny or did he know what was going to happen,\" she asked. Vijayamma too joined the issue, demanding a fresh probe into the conspiracy theory.Taking on the TDP chief, Sharmila mocked at Naidu for saying that all those who actually vote for Jagan would also be put in jail. She asked the crowds whether they approve of his threat. When nays rang out loudly, she waved and smiled at them. She said the entire nation was watching the polls. \"God is with good people and my brother will come out clean and be the CM,\" she thundered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13944945", "title": "Sudha Singh brings laurels to SAI centre Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: For the Sports Authority of India (SAI) regional centre here, Friday turned into a memorable day when athlete Sudha Singh qualified for the London Olympics. Sudha, who has trained at SAI centre, Bhopal for long, was felicitated by chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan in 2009.The gritty 25-year-old railway employee gave herself an advance treat for her birthday, which is just about two weeks away by securing an Olympic berth on Thursday night.Regional director of SAI centre, Bhopal, RK Naidu says she has huge potential. \"I was expecting her qualification for the London Olympics. It is good to see that an athlete trained at our centre made it to the Olympics,\" Naidu said extending his wishes to Sudha.After her stint with the Belarus coach Nikolai Snesarev, Sudha received training under Claudio Berardelli since late 2011. She first practiced in the high-altitude Eldoret in Kenya before moving to Italy and mentored by Dr. Gabriele Rosa-globally renowned distance running coach and sports doctor.Berardelli, the cyclist-turned-athletics trainer, put his confidence on Sudha and said she is highly dedicated and motivated and expected better performance by his prodigy in the London Olympics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13941310", "title": "Tamil Nadu Generation And Distribution Corporation tells consumers to buy their own meters", "text": "TRICHY: The inordinate delay in providing new electricity connections to about 12,000 consumers registered in Trichy district, due to the shortage of static meters would come to an end following the decision of the Tamil Nadu Generation And Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) Limited to allow the public to purchase meters from authorised dealers of two meter manufacturing companies from June 1 onwards.Earlier, from January 2, the consumers bore the brunt of not availing electricity connections immediately as TANGEDCO put on hold their regular practice of procuring meters from the manufacturers through tenders to supply to the consumers.P Muthamilselvan, superintending engineer, Trichy electricity distribution circle of Tamil Nadu Electricity Board (TNEB) informed the public that the consumers can purchase single phase 5-20 A static meters and three phase 10-60 A static meters manufactured by L&T; Limited as well as Linkwell Tele Systems Private Limited. Consumers, who are waitlisted can purchase the meters from four Trichy-based dealers of the two manufacturers mentioned above.The new system will allow the TNEB to provide connections on a first-come-first-serve basis. The consumers should then submit their meters to the section officers of their area concerned so that the technicians from the meter relay testing (MRT) unit will examine the quality and certify them. In case of any fault, the meters will be rejected.But M Sekaran, the president of federation of consumer and service organisations, Trichy is of the view that the new system will further burden the consumers as private companies may take the consumers for a ride by charging exorbitant rates making use of the demand. Instead, TANGEDCO should continue with the old system and procure the meters to supply to the consumers, he sayd.According to TNEB, Trichy, the price of a 5-20 A static meter is Rs 785.79 plus taxes and 10-60 A static meter is Rs 2216.75 plus taxes. As of now, 430 static meters purchased by consumers have been certified, while 870 meters are being examined.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13957803", "title": "Police bust flesh trade in Chennai hotel", "text": "CHENNAI: Anti-vice squad (AVS) sleuths have arrested a 27-year-old man for running a prostitution racket working out of a five-star hotel on Anna Salai. Police said they rescued a girl hailing from Delhi, from a room in the hotel.Special police sub-inspector of AVS team Siraj Baasha posed as a customer and approached K Baskar (27), who claimed to arrange girls. Baskar asked Baasha to come to the hotel and meet him at room number 4012. He asked Baasha to pay Rs 20,000. Baasha went to the hotel room and met Baskar. After getting the money, Baskar brought the girl and introduced her to Baasha.Meanwhile, a waiting police team barged into the room and nabbed Baskar. The girl was taken to a government home in Mylapore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "13952709", "title": "Politics over apple growers' plight in Himachal Pradesh", "text": "SHIMLA: In the election year, apple has become a bone of contention among ruling BJP and opposition Congress with both parties reaching to state governor with memorandums highlighting the problems of apple growers.With apple production directly affecting the livelihood of over 1.6 lakh families in the 9 districts, out of total 12 in the state, both parties eyeing vote bank from the apple belt of state has suddenly become concerned about the problems concerning the fruit growers.Former Congress MLA from Jubbal Rohit Thakur had led a delegation to governor house raising the issues concerning the apple growers from three panchayats of Kotkhai area of Shimla district.Thakur said that memorandum submitted to governor had three main points: failure of state government to pay attention towards the damage caused by hail storm last year, failure of government to make payment for the apple purchased under market intervention scheme and failure to give support price to apple. Last year on June 7, unprecedented hailstorm for around three hours had left the entire apple crop damaged in the four panchayats of Kotkhai area. These panchayats are the highest apple producer of area.Angry residents of three panchayats on Thursday had not cooked food in their homes in protest. Seeing that Congress is trying to take political mileage from the issue, horticulture minister and BJP MLA from Jubbal, Narinder Bragta's supporters led another delegation of people from the area to governor house on Friday submitting another memorandum claiming that Congress is misleading the public on the issue as all pending payments has been made to the affected people.The delegation rather blamed UPA government policies which is affecting the livelihood of apple growers of state. Recently both Congress and BJP had locked horns over the issue of Theog-Kharapatthar-Hatkoti road that passes through the apple bowl of state.Considering the fact that road is directly affecting the farmers who produces 60% of state's apple, both parties are blaming each other for the delay in its completion. With good snowfall this winter apple production is expected to be good this year. But failure to complete the 80 km road project, that was started in 2008, has left the apple growers of Theog,Chopal, Jubbal,Kotkhai and Rohru worried. Knowing that anger of apple growers could tilt the scales during upcoming assembly election, now both parties are blaming each other.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942789", "title": "13 days after sterilization, woman dies in Pali", "text": "JAIPUR: Pali district, better known for its novel idea of luring people into sterilization by offering a Nano car through a lucky draw, ran into trouble after the death of a woman 13 days after she had undergone sterilization through the government sponsored programme.A large number of people gheraoed Rani Community Health Centre (CHC) in the district on Friday after refusing to take the body to demand compensation and arrest of the doctor, Praveen Gehlot, responsible for the sterilization surgery.The victim, 28-year-old Leela Devi, died within 30 days of delivering her third child. She opted for sterilization as the auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) attending her encouraged to undergo sterilization, sources said.Devi was a farmer's wife. She delivered her third baby at her house as she could not be rushed to the hospital on time. The ANM of the area conducted the delivery around 30 days ago. She is survived by her husband and three children - one 4-year-old boy, one 2-year-old girl and one girl who is yet to complete one month.On May 26 noon, Devi was taken to Rani CHC for sterlilization. Medical health and family welfare department officials said she developed high grade fever following which she went into a coma. Following the death, the relatives of Devi brought her body to Rani CHC late on Thursday night.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13940003", "title": "PM has no time for panel he chairs, no meet in 4 years", "text": "NEW DELHI: The National Council on Land Reforms (NLRC) is still to meet four years after Prime Minister Manmohan Singh announced its constitution to placate angry tribals who had walked to the national capital from Madhya Pradesh to protest against land acquisition.The Union rural development ministry has been ready with the agenda since late last year, when the PMO indicated its readiness for the meeting, but the PM has not found time for the panel he chairs. Besides the PM, the committee comprises 10 chief ministers. The council was expected to meet in October last year.That the panel was formed ahead of the 2009 Lok Sabha polls to please protestors but proved a non-starter has added to concerns in some quarters since both the Congress and the Opposition are already talking about the 2014 polls.A senior rural development ministry official said, \"We need this meeting urgently, if only to give a direction on how land should be used.\"The ministry wants the panel to discuss ways to check diversion of land in tribal areas to private companies, and thrash out schemes to ensure that every landless person has at least land to build a house. The council may also take a close look at consolidating laws governing land records and benami transactions to plug violation of ceiling laws.Land issues have turned incendiary in view of acquisitions with the discontent spreading to the hinterland. The blame has fallen on the Centre because of its failure to amend the Land Acquisition Act to curb the state's role in forcibly taking land for private firms.Opposition parties, besieged by land-related problems in states ruled by them, have conveniently pushed the blame to the Centre for not legislating on land amendment. Like the BSP's threat to gherao Parliament when it faced farmers' protests in Aligarh and Greater Noida over land acquisition by its agencies.Sources said the failure over the Land Acquisition Bill can be offset by showing work on the NLRC.The ministry is keen to sensitize states on the need to stop transfer of land and mining leases to non-tribals in Schedule V areas as ruled by the Supreme Court's Samata judgment (July 1997).The delay in convening the committee's meeting in four years has triggered anger. P V Rajagopal, who had led the 'Jal, Jungle, Zameen' march here that led to the formation of the council, resigned from the panel in April, though he said that he took it back on being persuaded by friends.Venting his anger in Guwahati, he said, \"I was decided that I would announce my resignation from Guwahati primarily because the PM represents Assam and has failed to hold a single meeting of the NLRC. Like me, many other members are very upset over the manner in which the NLRC is being run.\"The first meeting, whenever it happens, is likely to discuss the report of a sub-committee dealing with national land use policy. With the Land Acquisition Amendment Bill in a limbo, sources said the council would provide a suitable platform to convey the government's vision on the use of land. There are suggestions that states should notify agricultural land as 'special category' that cannot be put to any other use.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947290", "title": "Kids fail exam, minister wants education head sacked", "text": "RANCHI: Jharkhand HRD minister Baidyanath Ram has an embarrassing problem\u2014both his son and daughter have failed in their intermediate examinations for the second year in a row.While his daughter Poonam has scored 240 out of 500, son Prabhat has managed a meagre 183. Both failed in English, bagging 22 and 23, respectively. The duo had also failed in the 2011 intermediate examinations. TV channels reported that a livid Ram now wants Lakshmi Singh, the chief of the Jharkhand Academic Council that conducts the examination, to be fired.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13944689", "title": "Jasleen bonds with fans in Ludhiana", "text": "Sarabha Nagar: City\"s own nightingale Jasleen Royal, a Civil Lines resident, whose first song \"Panchi Ho Jawaan\" from the album \"Ghoomte Phirte\" has been a hit among young Indians on YouTube and was even broadcasted on TV channels, met her three fans in the city on Friday.The 21-year-old multi-instrumentalist says these girls\" Keerat of Sarabha Nagar and Japna and Tanya from Model Town are students of the same school she passed out of in 2008. \"They are also members of my Facebook page and when they came to know about my visit to the city, they requested me to meet them. So, here we are, discussing music and my songs,\" says the multi-instrumentalist.If Keerat wanted to know how her song \"Panchi... \" is played on guitar, others were curious about the making of the song. \"It was nice to meet Jasleen in person as she shared valuable information about music and her involvement with it,\" says Keerat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943389", "title": "Siddiqui main accused in Jama Masjid attack", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi police on Friday filed two chargesheets in the 2010 attack near Jama Masjid. Among the several Indian Mujahideen suspects who figure in the chargesheets, Qateel Siddiqui has been listed as the main accused.Siddiqui, who was murdered inside the Yeravada Jail in Pune on Friday, had planned and executed the attack under express instructions of Shahrukh alias Yasin Bhatkal, the India chief of IM.The chargesheets have come 20 months after the attacks in which Taiwanese tourists were fired at and a car was blown up. Siddiqui and other IM members had also gone to attack the German Bakery in Paharganj sometime in mid-2010, but the bid was foiled when Siddiqui sustained a bullet injury. The same year, he carried out attacks on the Germany Bakery in Pune and Chinnaswamy Stadium, Bangalore.Other accused named in the chargesheet are Gauhar Aziz Khomani, Gayur Ahmad Jamali, Pakistan national Mohammad Adil alias Jamal (he was the shooter in the Jama Masjid attack), and Mohammad Aftab Alam alias Farooq.The chargesheets go on to mention that all the accused have Riyaz Bhatkal, Iqbal Bhatkal and Amir Reza Khan as their Pakistan-based handlers.About the conspiracy, the chargesheet states: \"In 2010, conspiracy was hatched at the rented room of Qateel Siddiqui in Samastipur (Bihar) in which Jamali, Ajmal, Farooq along with Kamal and Shahrukh were present and they conspired to attack foreign tourists in Delhi before the Commonwealth Games in order to dissuade foreign countries to participate in the games.\"About the attack day, the chargesheet adds: \"As per the plan, Siddiqui and Ajmal went on a black bike and fired at foreign tourists at Jama Masjid gate number 3, in which two Taiwanese nationals were injured while Shahrukh, Waqas and Tabrez planted the pressure cooker bomb in a stolen Maruti car, near the transformer adjoining Jama Masjid police station.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "alappuzha", "code": "13952948", "title": "State to start soil-less farming in Kuttanad", "text": "ALAPPUZHA: The state government is set to start hydroponics (soil-less) farming in Kuttanad.Regional Agricultural Research Station (RARS) in Kumarakom is the implementing agency of this project and the detailed project report (DPR) submitted by RARS in this connection has already been approved by the state government.\"We could successfully do the hydroponics farming in our station on experimental basis and we will execute this project in Kuttanad under the second phase of Kuttanad Package.\"As per this project, we will make rafts filled with the water hyacinths compost and we will plant the seeds of various vegetables. We could successfully conduct the cultivation of spinach in our station through hydroponics farming and we are ready to execute this system in Kuttanad,'' said RARS, associate director K G Padmakumar.It was K G Padmakumar, who masterminded this idea and prepared the DPR in this connection.Padmakumar said the Kuttanad farmers can successfully cultivate various vegetables like spinach, lady's finger and bitter gourd and cucumber through this farming method.\"We hope that it will be fruitful project and will create a change in Kuttanad,'' he said.S Leenakumari, director, Rice Research Station (RRS), Mankombu, said it is first time the state government is going to execute hydroponics (soil-less) farming, which has been successfully executed in various foreign countries, in the state.\"Water-locked Kuttanad is an apt place for this farming and the Kuttanad farmers can do it well if they get adequate training and knowledge about this farming method, '' she said.Kuttanad Vikasana Samithi executive director Fr Thomas Peelianickal said it is a good initiative and they are welcoming this project.\"Water hyacinth is a major threat to Kuttanad farmers, fishermen and tourism industry.\"So if hydroponics farming is executed in Kuttanad with water hyacinth compost, it will be a good solution for the water hyacinth menace and we hope that farmers can successfully do this initiative,'' Peelianickal said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13944033", "title": "No violation is minor, says government", "text": "NEW DELHI: Whether a project developer builds a factory or a part of it illegally, the environment ministry will treat the entire construction illegal and won't classify the violations as major and minor, unlike a proposal that was mooted earlier.A move had been made to dilute the norms of the ministry of environments and forests (MoEF) and overlook small and minor infringements of green laws while granting clearance to a project. However, the MoEF has decided not to dilute its stand considering it would lose mandate to hold projects like Lavasa and Vedanta accountable for violation of regulations.Sources in the ministry told TOI that a committee had been set up earlier to review if violations committed by projects of the conditions set in the environmental clearances could be classified under various categories. The committee, headed by B Sengupta, an ex-member secretary of the Central Pollution Control Board, had classified the violations into two categories that were suggested in the terms of reference as 'serious' and 'not so serious'.But a proposal was then mooted to look at violations committed by project proponents even before clearances are granted through the same prism of 'serious' and 'less serious' classifications.Sources in the ministry said the move to ease norms for project proponents, who start work before securing mandatory green clearances, had been rejected.Since the SC passed orders in Meghalaya Lafarge on not accepting fait accompli situations, where developers first construct projects and then come to the MoEF seeking clearance post-facto on the basis of investments made, the ministry has been wary of making moves that would condone illegalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hazaribag", "code": "13946818", "title": "4 arrested for threat mail to PM, Pranab Mukherjee", "text": "HAZARIBAG: Police have detained the owner of a cyber cafe, from where a threat mail meant for the Prime Minister and the Union finance minister was sent on June 2, and three others in Hazaribag.Hazaribag SP Pankaj Kamboj on Friday said a mail threatening to kill the Prime Minister and the Union finance minister was sent to the Delhi police.The sender identified herself as Baidehi Sharma, the widow of a retired public sector employee, who had not got any superannuation benefits.In the mail, the sender claimed to have got in touch with a Maoist named Mahesh Ganjhu and gave her address as Arya Colony, Hazaribag.\"We have detained four persons, including Adib Hassan, the owner of the cyber cafe, for investigation,\" the SP said.The SP said going by the language of the mail, the sender seemed to be proficient in writing messages in English.\"After we got a message from Delhi police, we raided the cyber cafe and seized all documents and logbooks in which the owner had recorded addresses of mail users,\" he added.Kamboj said Hassan had recorded the date and timing of the message sent, but had not noted the address and other details of the sender.\"We are also verifying the language of a similar threat mail sent to Sonia and Rahul Gandh about five months ago. In this case too, the sender belonged to Hazaribag.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13944340", "title": "National basketball camp at LBA", "text": "LUDHIANA: Basketball Federation of India (BFI) is organizing a 20-day national coaching camp at Ludhiana Basketball Academy in association with Punjab Basketball Association for U-16 boys who will participate at the Children of Asia championship to be held in Russia in July this year.The camp would commence on June 12 and continue till July 1. The selected players at the camp from different states include, Narender, Manpreet Singh, Himanshu Singh, Abhishek Rai, Mahipal Singh, Devender Khatik, Yogesh Kanderiya, Akhilesh Kumar Tudu, Saleem Malik, Ashiv Jain, Sanjeev Kumar, Akashdeep Hazra, Navdeep Singh, Gurwinder Singh and Jolam Mouddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13946539", "title": "New passport registration process from Monday", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Attention passport applicants. The existing procedure of registration of online passport application would become passe from Monday.Going by the new system, the regional passport office (RPO) here will no longer accept forms from Monday. Instead, applicants will have to submit their forms at the recently launched Passport Seva Kendra (PSK), located at the RPO building. The link www.passport.gov.in, via which applicants were downloading passport forms, will be replaced by www.passportindia.gov.in.\"The new website will be very user-friendly. One can download the e-form by clicking on 'download-e-form' on the left hand side of the homepage. Applicants can save a copy of the e-form on the desktop and fill it up,\" said regional passport officer Padma Mahanti. \"Subsequently you have to register on the website using the link register (new user) on top right had side of the homepage. You can then log in with your user ID and password and submit the e-form on the website by using the 'upload e-form link',\" she said, adding, \"Applicants will be given an application reference number (ARN) and have to take appointment by clicking on the 'manage appointment' link.\"To familiarize the police with the new system, the RPO would start a two-day training programme for police personnel from Saturday. Under the revamped system, the existing verification process of police would also undergo a sea change.The Bhubaneswar PSK, inaugurated on May 28, is the 77th such centre in the country and first in Odisha. The PSK will ease the burden and rush at the regional passport office (RPO), where nearly 300 applications (normal and Tatkal) are being received and processed on a given day. The PSK staff would carry out services like receipt of applications, checking and scanning of documents and taking photographs and biometrics of applicants. The whole process would take only 45 minutes, which was earlier taking hours together. The RPO staff would deal with post-verification and dispatch of the passports.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13945839", "title": "Government mulls cash bailout for West Bengal, Punjab and Kerala", "text": "NEW DELHI: The pressure from Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee seems to be prodding the government into wrapping up a cash-centric package for the three debt-laden states of West Bengal, Punjab and Kerala.Government sources said that although Banerjee's argument for a moratorium on loan repayment was not tenable, ways were being swiftly devised to rush a cash package to her. The finance ministry had turned down the demand for a moratorium, pointing out that the state government had borrowed the funds from the public and the Centre could do little to deal with these investors.The alternative suggested by the Banerjee regime \u2014 a moratorium on funds West Bengal borrowed from the National Small Savings Fund (NSSF), which consists of funds raised through the public provident fund and post office deposits \u2014 did not pass muster with the finance ministry either. It is learnt to have responded to a fresh demand by saying that this would not go down well with small investors.The Trinamool government has since come up with the suggestion that Life Insurance Corporation, which holds some of the securities issued by the state, be asked to provide relief. The Banerjee administration, which blames its predecessor for the financial mess, also suggested that it should be considered a debt relief similar to what was offered to states and enact a law to restrict fiscal and revenue deficit.Although the Centre has turned down these suggestions on the ground that the state was yet to cross the threshold for claiming debt relief, unrelenting pressure from the Bengal CM has forced the finance minister to explore options to assuage the volatile UPA ally. With the window for a moratorium blocked, cash has emerged as the alternative.Government officials said that it would be simpler to deal with a cash-based relief instead of a complicated moratorium mechanism. Punjab and Kerala, which are also debt stressed, will be the collateral beneficiaries of Bengal CM's unrelenting pressure.The cash could be provided to the states through various schemes to help them improve the state of the economy, the officials said.A committee of officers, under expenditure secretary, is working overtime, with the Prime Minister's Office monitoring their progress. While activity has picked up, the calculators are still out.The Bose panel had also met representatives from Kerala and Punjab, who too have raised fresh demands, which are much lower than Didi's demand of over Rs 20,000 crore. While Kerala's main demand is for tweaking of rules that would help it meet revenue deficit targets, Punjab is seeking funds for some of the spending it had done on the Centre's behalf, such as grain procurement, for which it has not been paid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13948137", "title": "Rough seas bring fishing season to early end", "text": "Panaji: Despite the fishing ban coming into force only from June 15, some trawlers have already packed their nets and stopped venturing into sea for the past few days. Many boats can be seen anchored at the various jetties in the state including Cutbona, Betul, Malim and Vasco.With memories of the cyclone Phyan which claimed the lives of many fishermen still fresh in the minds of the fishermen, many are unwilling to go out into the seas during rough weather. With the early onset of monsoon in the state this year, the seas have turned turbulent.Simon Pereira, president of the Goan Fishing Boat Owners Association said, \"Some of the fishermen who have smaller boats have stopped goin out as their boats cannot cope with the rough sea.\"He felt many of the fishing boats operating from Betul had also stopped as they find it difficult navigating through the small mouth of the river.Pereira estimated that around 30% of the fishing boats had ended their season a few weeks early. The remaining fishing vessels may also have to stop before June 15 if the weather worsens, he said.\"The compensation for the cyclone Phyan victims was not paid properly,\" Pereira said adding that \"only 50,000 of the promised 1 lakh was given by the government. Fishermen think the trawler owners usurped the compensation\". Menino Afonso, a trawler owner operating from the Malim jetty, said the trawlers had stopped going to sea as many of them had already left for their native places.Both Afonso and Pereira said the fish catch this season had declined by 10-15%.The 45-day fishing ban begins on June 15 and concludes on July 30 with the fishing season beginning from August 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13938427", "title": "Sania Mirza: We are the team to beat", "text": "BANGALORE: To close the argument that won him his 12th Grand Slam title Mahesh Bhupathi stepped aside, then leaned into that trusted shot -- his double-fisted backhand -- and let it rip.After 73-minutes of action on an windy Parisian night, the all-Indian combine of Bhupathi and Sania Mirza clinched their second Grand Slam mixed doubles title as a team, beating the unseeded pairing of Klaudia Jans-Ignacik of Poland and Santiago Gonzalez of Mexico 7-6 (7-3), 6-1 in the French Open final late on Thursday.The powerful 25-year-old Hyderabadi , who held the team together at the start of the final when Bhupathi seemed to have left his best shots behind in the locker room, promptly declared that the twosome \"were the team to beat\". Sania and Bhupathi won their first Grand Slam title together in 2009 (Australian Open) which incidentally was the last major title Bhupathi won before Thursday.In the past fortnight Sania was scintillating from the back of the court while the Bangalorean was sharp at the net: together they make-up one of the best returning teams on the Tour.Bhupathi, who turned 38 on Thursday, dedicated the win to his four-month old daughter Saira. \"This title has come after a long time,\" he said during the presentation ceremony, \"it is my first title after my daughter was born. This is for her.\" An ecstatic Sania told the gathering, \"It's Mahesh's birthday today and I am glad we won because now I don't have to think of a gift for him.\"Bhupathi won his first Grand Slam title in Roland Garros 15-years ago -- the mixed doubles crown with Japanese Rika Hiraki. \"I wasn't worried that it had been a while since I won a Grand Slam title, last year I made two finals. If I hadn't made those finals I would have been worried, but when you put yourself in contention often enough, it is bound to click some time.\"Bhupathi, who has 12 Grand Slam titles (four men's doubles and eight mixed), hadn't won a mixed doubles title with the same partner twice. \"I was worried about that,\" he said, \"It's good to get it out of the way. I enjoy playing with Sania, we are good friends and we make a good team.\"Sania, who called Hesh one of the best doubles players ever, said, \"He's a very close friend and we share great chemistry on court, lifting each other's spirits and games when the chips are down. We have shown once again that we are a tough team to beat. I am hopeful about getting a wild card for the Olympics.\"The Indian pair, who took home euros 100,000 for the win, will play in Wimbledon together and if they get lucky, the Olympics too. Sania added, \"This title is even more special as there have been moments in the last five years (in which I've undergone three surgeries), when I felt I might never be able to play again.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945341", "title": "Monsoon may keep its June 10 date", "text": "MUMBAI: Many Mumbaikars once again woke up to heavy showers on Friday morning. Though this time many pockets of south Mumbai witnessed rainfall that continued for over an hour, by late morning, the weather was back to being sunny.The Indian Meteorological Department (IMD) said that the southwest monsoon may keep its date with the city and arrive by the normal date of June 10. The IMD also said the monsoon seems to have stagnated around the Harnai area in Maharashtra and hasn't moved from there since Wednesday.\"The upper limit of the monsoon continues to pass through Harnai, Satara, Belgaum, Agumbe, Medikeri, Kodaikanal and Gangtok ,\" the daily update of the met department said. \"The monsoon has not moved further. The currents need to strengthen. As of now, we can only wait for the monsoon to knock at Mumbai. Our prediction is that it should reach the city by its normal date of June 10,\" said N Y Apte, deputy director-general of IMD, Mumbai.Meanwhile, the city has been receiving a few spells of pre-monsoon showers. Though many areas reported a downpour on Friday morning, weather stations in Colaba and Santa Cruz reported 2.1 mm and traces of rainfall respectively.\"There may have been good showers in some pockets of the city, but very little was recorded by our weather stations. The pre-monsoon showers can be expected to increase in frequency and intensity in the next few days,\" said Apte.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "13947357", "title": "Couple killed in Chitradurga accident", "text": "CHITRADURGA: A senior citizen couple was killed in a car accident on their return from Mantralaya as their vehicle skid and fell in a ditch near Sanikere on S H 19 on Friday.According to Challakere police, Pundareeka, a resident of Hunsur in Mysore district accompanied by his relatives was returning from Mantralaya in a speeding car when the car skid and fell into a road side ditch killing Nagabhushana, 62, and his wife Geeta bai, 54, on the spot.The injured - Shantabai, 66; Nagaratnamma, 68; Pundareeka, 64; Shasirekha, 52; Shashi, 35; Ravikumar, 26; Gagan, 16; and Ramesh, driver, - were admitted to a government hospital in Challakere.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943139", "title": "Moral policing issue: Won\u2019t tolerate such elements: Oommen Chandy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The government will deal sternly with moral policing, chief minister Oommen Chandy said categorically. \"In all such incidents, all those who are involved would be brought to book,\" he said when rising incidents of moral policing in different parts of the state was brought to his attention.\"All those who have any complaints, can approach the police. Nobody will be allowed to take the law into their hands,\" he said during a meet-the-press programme here on Friday. When told about the observation by state human rights panel chairperson that religious fundamentalists are behind the increasing incidents of moral policing, Chandy said he didn't want to comment on that.The chief minister also refused to comment on the recent controversy involving the change of the name of official residence of education minister P K Abdu Rabb from Ganga to Grace.On the fifth minister controversy that haunted him during the first year in office, he said it was blown out of proportion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940823", "title": "Food and Drug Administration takes acts against 22 drugstores", "text": "PUNE: The Food and Drug Administration (FDA) officials have taken action against 22 medical stores in Pune division for not maintaining sale records of abortion pills and injectibles. The FDA has proposed to issue show-cause notices to them for irregularities in purchase and sale records of abortion drugs.\"Since Thursday, we inspected over 60 drug retailers, drug wholesalers and doctors.We took stock of abortion medicines and injectibles sold, and assessed the sale records of these drugs. Upon scrutiny,We found 22 medical stores at fault for not maintaining proper sale records of these drugs.We have proposed to issue them show-cause notices,\" said B R Masal, joint commissioner (drugs) of FDA, Pune division.Among the 22 medical stores found at fault, 13 are from Pune, two from Sangli, three from Satara and four medical stores are from Kolhapur, Masal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944735", "title": "Samajwadi Party nominates Brij Bhushan Tewari's son for Rajya Sabha", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav on Friday nominated Alok Tewari, son of late SP veteran Brij Bhushan Tewari as the party MP in Rajya Sabha. Alok's nomination comes for the seat that fell vacant after the death of Brij Bhushan Tewari during the intervening night of April 24 - 25, 2012. The move has now set aside speculations over the growing clout of Syed Ahmed Bukhari, Shahi Iman of Delhi's Jama Masjid.Bukhari had earlier raised a hue and cry demanding adequate representation of Muslism in party posts and nominations in the legislative council and the Rajya Sabha. Bukhari demanded that Muslims should be nominated in proportion to the number of Muslim MLAs who have seats for the SP in the 2012 assembly elections.The Shahi Imam went to the extent of rejecting the SP's offer to nominate his son-in-law as an MLC.Initially Bukhari's sudden concern for Muslims in Uttar Pradesh and SP in particular was seen as a pressure tactic allegedly because he wanted a ministerial berth for Umar Ali Khan through his nomination in the legislative council. This when Umar Ali had contested the 2012 assembly elections from Saharanpur and lost. There were also rumors that Bukhari wanted a Rajya Sabha seat for his son through the SP quota.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944582", "title": "Bill to curb fees of private technical institutes", "text": "GURGAON: Over 40 private technical institutes in Gurgaon and hundreds of such institutes in the rest of Haryana will soon be barred from charging hefty fees from students. In a major reform to prevent the practice of giving a free hand to such institutions and universities across the state, a piece of legislation will soon be tabled in the Vidhan Sabha.A government spokesperson said that the Bhupinder Singh Hooda-led Congress government has prepared Haryana Private Technical Education Institutions (Regulation of Admission and Fixation of Fee) Bill that would regulate the admission and fixing of fees in private technical education institutes.The announcement came just two days before the chief minister lays the foundation stone of Rajiv Gandhi Education City in Sonipat to bring the best private educational institutes on the same campus. At a high-level meeting held on Friday, the government decided to constitute a State Committee for Regulation of Admission and Fee in all universities offering technical courses. The committee will have similar power in the case of all engineering colleges, polytechnics and other technical education institutes both in the government and private sectors.After this law becomes effective, no private technical education institute would be allowed to charge capitation fee or fee in excess of the fee recommended by the committee. Moreover, the fee structure for a student admitted in a particular year would remain the same for the entire course duration. In case any individual or institute is unhappy with the fee and admission criteria fixed by the committee, it can file an appeal to the state government. Adding teeth to the committee, the government would empower it to impose a minimum of Rs 5lakh fine on institutions which fail to comply with the guidelines issued by the committee. It will also have the power to increase the fine to up to Rs 10 lakh.This legislation and regulatory provisions are being introduced on the lines of the already enacted Haryana Private Health Sciences Educational Institutions Act, 2012, which regulates the admissions and fees in medical and nursing colleges in the state.At present, Haryana has 29 universities, out of which 19 are also offering technical courses such as BE, MBA, B Pharmacy, M Pharmacy, MCA, architecture, hotel management and applied arts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939167", "title": "CPI plans to launch stir", "text": "PATNA: Former CPI general secretary A B Bardhan on Friday said the party would launch an agitation from August 9 to press for implementation of Bandhopadhya Commission recommendation for providing 10 decimal land to five lakh landless families in the state.Addressing a press conference here, Bardhan said the form of agitation would be decided at a meeting of the party's state council to be held on June 22. He alleged the state government had totally failed to implement MNREGA.Bardhan said the CPI, along with CPM, Forward Bloc and RSP, would stage a five-day dharna before the parliament from July 30 demanding provision of 35kg foodgrain at the rate of Rs 2 per kg to poor families in the country. It would cost the Centre Rs 40,000 crore, he said and added that the Centre was yet to decide the criteria for defining poor people. The Centre has provided Rs 5 lakh crore as bailout package to big industrial houses, he alleged.The veteran politician said the three-day 21st state conference of the party was held at Muzaffarpur from June 4, where former MLA Rajendra Prasad Singh was elected as the party's state secretary. He said that an eight-member state secretariat was also elected. The members are: Badrinarayan Lal, Mohd Jabbar Alam, Satyanarayan Singh, Ramchandra Mahato, Jitendra Nath, Chakradhar Prasad Singh, Ram Naresh Pandey and Janki Paswan. Twenty-one members of the state executive were also elected at the conference, Bardhan said and added that most of the elected members are new.Bardhan said CPI planned to increase the number of its members in the state to 1 lakh from the present 70,000.He said CPI planned to start agitations over the issues related to common people. He described the murder of Ranvir Sena founder as a political killing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944886", "title": "Department keen to complete lions\u2019 pride", "text": "LUCKNOW: The proposed lion safari, which is coming up in Etawah, the native place of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav may not be another Gir. However, it will certainly give glimpses into the behaviour of lions, the most social of all big cats, and the population will be zoo-bred.Dispelling doubts that the safari will be comparable to the Gir forest where population comprises wild lions, PCCF (Wildlife) Rupak De, said, \"Safari is an extended zoo.\" The department is in consultation with some of the zoos to bring in lions to Etawah, which will not only have a safari, but also a lion breeding centre. Forest officials say that the zoos of Hyderabad and Rajkot have also responded positively, so far.The ambitious lion safari project was conceived in 2005-06 by the Mulayam Singh Yadav government. But, Mayawati, after coming back to power in 2007, had put the project in the cold storage. The project, however, was revived as quickly after SP swept the power this time.Nearly 150 hectares of land in Fisher Forest on Etawah-Gwalior national highway, close to the Chambal Sanctuary, was acquired and notified as lion safari in 2005. But, work never progressed due to BSP being in power. Though safari might still take time to assume shape, officers said they can bring in the lions and keep them at zoos in Lucknow and Kanpur.The department plans to bring, initially, two male and 5 to 6 females, which is the size of a Lion pride, mostly comprising five to six related females, their cubs, and two males who mate with the females. The safari might not have wild lions, but department is keen on bringing Asiatic Lions of pure genetic bloodline. African and Asiatic Lions are the two surviving species of the animal.Considering that lions are extremely social, to the extent that cubs born to same mother do not mate, and even those born to different mothers but brought up together choose mating partners other than each other, safari will have to be provided with lions, born outside it, from time to time.\"Setting up a breeding centre, in such a case, is sustainable,\" said BS Munal, member secretary, Central Zoo Authority. The lion safari has got the clearance from both the CZA and the Supreme Court. \"Since we have to re-visit all the aspects of the project, after so many years, hence there is a delay,\" said the PCCF (wildlife).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13931710", "title": "Nation hails Bhupati-Sania victory", "text": "For Mahesh Bhupathi, lifting the mixed doubles trophy with Sania Mirza Malik at the French Open was extra special. One because it was his birthday on June 7 and he couldn't have asked for a better gift. Sania even wished him after the win and told the crowd that now she needn't worry about getting him a gift! The second reason is of course his winning the grand slam for the first time as a father. Mahesh dedicated the trophy to his four-month-old daughter. We love how doting these celeb dads are.Post her wedding to Pakistani cricketer Shoaib Malik in 2010, Sania has always been in the news for her injuries or her marriage. This win definitely helps her wipe the slate clean. And now that she returns victorious, she feels she deserves a wild card in the Olympics. She was quoted last month by TOI, as saying: \"I am an optimist and I think I've done well enough to deserve a wild card. As far as I know, the wild cards go to the most deserving players from countries that are not represented in the event.\"Sania Mirza-Malik @MirzaSania Thank you all for ur support and love..and mostly thanks to @Maheshbhupathi for being the best partner and friend in the world :)@Maheshbhupathi: Thanks @MirzaSania .. Tough to beat that birthday present :) and to all of u in the stadium who sang Happy Birthday. #veryspecial...Sonakshi Sinha @sonakshisinha @MirzaSania congratulations!!! U make us proud :DRahul Bose @RahulBose1 Fantastic stuff @maheshbhupathi &amp; sania mirza! Mahesh, what a great 21st birthday present! (if anyone says 38, ask them to watch you play)Amitabh Bachchan @SrBachchan T 767 - AND .. Sania Mirza and Mahesh Bhupathi win the mixed doubles final at Roland Garros Tennis .. Yippee !! BUCK UP INDIA !!!!Riteish Deshmukh @Riteishd Huge congratulations to @Maheshbhupathi &amp; #saniamirza for winning the French Open. @DuttaLara aapke (bhu) PATI ne toh kamaal kar diyaAli Zafar @AliZafarsays Congratulations!!!! \"@MirzaSania: Yes yes yes yes.. :) first and foremost thank u Allah..\"mandira bedi @mandybedi Big congratulations &amp; all the best to @Maheshbhupathi &amp; sania mirza for making it to the Mixed Double finals of the French open! Oui to go!!Farah Khan @TheFarahKhan Congrats 2 my dearst friend Sania n Mahesh 4 winning the french open!CONGO !boman irani @bomanirani @DuttaLara @Maheshbhupathi So very proud!!!!!!!!Neha Dhupia @Neha_Dhupia Big congratulations to my friends @MirzaSania and @Maheshbhupathi ... You have made us all so proud!Neil Nitin Mukesh @NeilNMukesh @Maheshbhupathi birthday wishes and a super congratulations on the victory ! Keep at it bro ! :) love to all at home :)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13938972", "title": "Vishakha targets BITS", "text": "Vishakha Kulkarni is Vidarbha topper in All Categories clubbed together. She is from the 'Defence Category' as her father is an ex-serviceman.She has already booked a seat in the prestigious IITs with a rank of 6769 and now her excellent performance in MHT-CET guarantees a seat in any college in the state. However, Vishakha has trained her eyes on BITS for which she has already given the exams. \"I wanted to do engineering because I love math and hated biology. I have no preference when it comes to choosing a branch, I'll take whichever section I get into,\" said Vishakha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943847", "title": "Swiss company gave $530k to Abhishek Verma\u2019s firm in US", "text": "NEW DELHI: The defence deal drama involving controversial businessman Abhishek Verma and his wife Anca Neacsu is set to get murkier as at least three more firms figure in details provided by Verma's estranged US attorney, C Edmonds Allen to the CBI. The attorney, after their fallout, wrote to Indian authorities providing details about an escrow account in the US and money received in it from various companies for fixing deals.CBI sources said they have been able to verify the evidence of a payment of $530,000 from Rheinmetall Air Defence (RAD), Zurich, to Verma's company in the US.CBI sources said that Verma was until Friday evasive in explaining about the money deposited by Rheinmetall in the account of Ganton Limited, a Verma company, according to Allen. Verma has denied the charges. In written comments to TOI, Verma had said in May, \"Please ask C Edmonds Allen about ...who is the president and owner of Ganton Group. I have nothing to do with Ganton India nor other group companies of Ganton.\"Sources said Verma reached the CBI headquarters in the morning, accompanied by Neacsu, and they were questioned for the entire day. Later in the evening, the agency placed both of them under arrest.According to CBI sources, $530,000 was deposited by the Swiss company on February 17, 2011, in the US escrow account of Ganton. This was after the ministry of defence had initiated the process to blacklist six defence firms, including RAD, after CBI reported in 2010 about evidence of them bribing Sudipto Ghosh, an ex-chairman of ordnance factory board. The payment to Verma was to get RAD removed from the blacklisting.In its case filed on Thursday, the CBI has named Verma, RAD and other unknown persons under section eight and 12 of the Prevention of Corruption Act. After registering the case, 10 CBI teams, who were later joined by the criminal investigation unit of Income Tax, swooped down at 10 locations in Delhi and Gurgaon which included four premises of Verma, offices of RAD in Vasant Vihar and Satya Niketan and farmhouse of its director Mohinder Singh Sahni in Kishangarh and three associates of Verma, they said. Sahni also figures in the 'undesirable contact men' list circulated by the CBI to senior government officials recently.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13940322", "title": "Proposal to hikeoctroi gets flak", "text": "Some corporators, including those from the ruling and opposition parties, raised objection to the proposal to increase octroi on some products and requested chairman of the standing committee Dayashankar Tiwari to drop the plan.Corporators Suresh Jagyasi and Raju Nagulwar objected to increase in octroi on vehicles and iron-related scrap. \"Any increase in prices of two-wheelers and autos will add to the burden of citizens. Besides, increase in prices of iron will come as setback to the business as many are likely to move to the outskirts and other cities. New revenue sources should be identified without going in for a hike,\" they said.Former chairman of standing committee Sandip Joshi requested Tiwari to drop the proposal to levy additional sewage charges while sanctioning building plan. Shiv Sena group leader Suresh Talwekar too objected to hike in octroi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943524", "title": "Cash crunch over, May deadline for Kundli-Manesar-Palwal expressway", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haryana and Delhi governments have set next May as the new deadline for completing the 135km Kundli-Manesar-Palwal Expressway. The road, which is 50% of the ring expressway coming up around Delhi, was planned to take the heavy vehicles load off Delhi roads.After a two-hour meeting with the private developer KMP Expressway Ltd on Friday, Delhi chief minister Sheila Dikshit and her Haryana counterpart Bhupinder Singh Hooda claimed that all issues had been resolved. They said the developer had faced financial crunch, slowing down the project, but the problem had been solved.The Haryana government, which awarded the project in 2006, earlier fixed December 2010 as the deadline but only 60% of the work has been completed.The developer has now been asked to open the \"priority stretch\" of the expressway between Palwal and Manesar by mid-September or mid-October. A senior official who attended the meeting said Haryana had warned the developer that the contract would be terminated if it failed to meet the May 2013 deadline.The meeting, which was held at the Delhi secretariat, was also attended by the Supreme Court-appointed Environmental Protection and Conservation Authority chairman, Bhure Lal, who is monitoring the ring expressway projects.The developer's financial crunch was the main reason behind the delay, both CMs said, adding that the private player claimed that it now has enough finances to expedite the work.The Delhi and Haryana governments, however, failed to sort out the issue of sharing the land acquisition cost for the project, sources said.Due to the delays in the land acquisition, the liability on the Delhi government has increased to Rs 1,110 crore against the original estimate of Rs 167 crore. \"The Delhi government can't be made to pay for this high escalation just on the ground that this expressway will reduce environmental pollution. There will be another round of meeting at the chief-secretary level where Haryana will submit how much land it acquired only for the road. How can huge public exchequer be doled out to Haryana when this project will bring huge economic prosperity only to Haryana?\" asked a source in the Delhi government.He added that though SC had fixed the criteria of sharing the acquisition cost, Delhi could not be made to take the burden of Haryana's inefficiencies.The expressway will connect NH-1 at Kundli and NH-2 at Faridabad via NH-10 and NH-8.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948824", "title": "Plaint lodged against power firm employee", "text": "NASHIK: The Nashik Municipal Corporation has lodged a booked a police complaint against a junior engineer of Maharashtra State Electricity Distribution Company Limited (MSEDCL), R S Ghuge, and four others, from a company called Cobra for illegally digging up a cement concrete road in Cidco.In a complaint filed by Uddhav Gangurde (47), branch engineer, Nashik Municipal Corporation, Cidco, Gangurde said that Ghuge and four Cobra workers of some Cobra Company dug up a concrete road at Raigarh Chowk, Cidco on June 7 without taking permission from the civic department, and in doing so they they not only damaged the public property but also caused a loss of Rs five lakh in addition to hamperinging the movement of vehicular traffic on the road. The complaint has been lodged at the Ambad police station.The Cidco branch engineer of NMC, Uddhav Gangurde said that he had lodged the complaint at the Ambad Police Station on Thursday because the Cobra Company had not taken permission of the NMC before digging the road.\"The MSEDCL assigned the work of laying cables to Cobra Company. Ideally the company should have taken permission from the NMC before starting the work and should have also paid damage charges caused due to the digging. They have dug a trench in a concrete road just during the monsoon season. We have lodged a complaint and further action will be taken by the police.\"But MSEDCL officials have claimed that the company had nothing to do with the road dug up by Cobra for the work.\"Yes MSEDCL hasassigned the work to Cobra, accordingly all responsibilities related to execution of the job remains with them. We are not aware whether the company has taken the permission of the NMC or not, but ideally it should not have proceeded without the permis-sion,\"a senior MSEDCL official said.As far as such cases are concerned, the executing authorities (from Cobra) alone should have been booked for the offence and the junior engineer had nothing to do with it. \"We will take up the issue as and when required,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13947607", "title": "Idyllic lakes and gardens allure people in twin cities", "text": "HUBLI: Hubli and Dharwad are fast emerging as garden cities, with idyllic lakes and beautiful parks dotting them. Thanks to district administration's initiatives, several lakes in the twin cities have got a facelift in the last one year and adding to the exciting list is the Unkal Lake, which will be thrown open to the public on Saturday.Realizing the need for tourist spots in the twin cities, the district administration started renovation of lakes and beautification of gardens in the twin cities. As a result, Sadhanakere, Kittur Chennamma park and Kelegare lake in Dharwad have been rejuvenated with facilities like lawns, fountains and seating. Glass house and Nrupatunga Betta in Hubli too have got a facelift with all recreational facilities.Thanks to special grants of Rs 100 crore sanctioned by the government and concerted efforts by the district administration, the landscape of the twin cities has changed in the last few months.People, who earlier preferred to go to surrounding places to spend weekends are now finding alluring spots in Hubli and Dharwad that promise an exciting holiday. \"Earlier we used to travel to nearby places for a family outing but now we visit either Glass House or Nrupatunga Betta during weekends,\" said Amresh Patil, an employee of a private firm. Speaking to TOI, Darpan Jain, deputy commissioner said, \"Our main objective is to provide good recreational facilities for people. There are plans to revive Tolankere and Jayanagar lakes in Hubli and Dharwad respectively.\"Nearly 60,000 people visit these spots monthly. To maintain the gardens and lakes, the administration is charging Rs 10 for adults and Rs 5 for children as entrance fees, he added.Serene environsThe revived Unkal lake will be inaugurated on Saturday. It is ready with a new look. The district administration has created embankment, developed landscape including a beautiful lawn, unique gazebo and deck pavilion by using canvas roofing. There is an open air theatre with 600 seating capacity. According to sources, Rs 8 crore has been spent to develop the lake.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957706", "title": "Entire Marathi film industry at the premiere of Tukaram", "text": "On Thursday, the entire Marathi film industry was present for the premiere of Tukaram. The revered saint and philosopher-poet of Maharashtra, Saint Tukaram, is back on silver screens all over Maharashtra after a gap of 76 years. Sanjay Chabbria has produced Tukaram which hits the theaters from 8 June, 2012.Chandrakant Kulkarni is directing the film with Jeetendra Joshi in the role of Tukaram. The cast comprises of Radhika Apte, Veena Jaamkar, Sharad Ponkshe, Samidha Guru, Prateeksha Lonkar and Yatin Karyekar. For the first time ever, the veteran Ashok Patki and the new age master Avdhoot Gupte have come together to direct its music. All these celebrities were present for the premiere of Tukaram at PVR, Juhu. Also present were singers Aniruddha Joshi and Jhannavee Prabhu Arora. The story, screenplay and dialogues writer Ajit Dalvi and Prashant Dalvi also were present.Celebrities including Renuka Shahane, Sumit Raghvan and Chinamyee, Sachin Khedekar, Mahesh Manjrekar , Swapnil Bandodkar, Swapnil Joshi, Amruta Subhash, Makarand Deshpande, Nirmitee Sawant, Sai Tamhankar, Sanjay Mone, Mukta Barve, Sanjay Narverkar, Sunil Barve, Subhodh Bhave, Leena Kulkarni, Vandana Gupte, Kedar Shinde, Sundeep Kulkarni, Vijay Patkar, Tushar Dalvi, Kanchan Adhikari, Kaushal Inamdar, Santosh Juvekar, Vinay Apte were present for the grand premier of Tukaram.Making a biopic on Tukaram is a very ambitious project for Sanjay Chhabria, the producer of the film who earlier has produced major hit films like 'Mee Shivajiraje Bhosale Boltoy', 'Shikshanachya Aaicha Gho' &amp; 'Haapus'. A free hand was given to the writers and the director Chandrakant Kulkarni, who provided valuable inputs throughout the script writing process. From technicians to the music directors and all the other crew members, everyone has contributed to the making of an inspiring film. Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944531", "title": "School admission just a click away", "text": "GURGAON: For all those parents who have been fretting about their child's school admission, here is some good news. To make the admission process easier, most schools in the city have made the admission forms and other relevant details available online.A website, onlineschooladmissions.com, has a list of all the schools in the city and details for all classes starting from nursery. Details of all the schools can be accessed from this website which includes information like the detailed profile of the institute with address, admission procedure, facilities and infrastructure available, name and details of principal/director, etc.The portal (OSA) saves time and one can submit the downloaded applications for a payment of Rs 100 on the website. One can enter the information about their location and get details of the schools in the neighbourhood along with other relevant information about the institute. Parents can also register their information online and get a unique account to get regular updates. The website also has online information posted about the forthcoming exhibitions by various educational institutions to give a wider platform and choice to parents. According to J B Yadav, managing director of Midas Portal Services Pvt Ltd, which has developed OSA, \"This website reduces the time involved in the admission process because one can submit their application forms online in just three easy steps. Parents can also attach relevant documents like birth certificate, address proof etc, online and in turn get an SMS and E-mail alert for a meeting scheduled by a particular school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13959075", "title": "Rain songs dry up with erratic monsoons", "text": "With Ranchi having experienced the first showers of the season on Wednesday, TOI finds out why is there a drought in Bollywood's monsoon numbers The monsoons have arrived late this year. But what's become even more sparse is the rain songs in Hindi cinema. Gone are the chiffon-clad, rain-drenched heroines singing an ode to the monsoons. Global warming theatrens the Hindi screens too and while rain machines still try to compensate once in a while for the audience parched of moist visuals, Bollywood is reeling under the drought of rain songs. Surprisingly enough, the regional industries, especially those that have a culture of non-film music albums, are happy romanticising the rains.are Rains not romantic enough?Composer Shantanu Moitra says that today the thought of rains in a city like Mumbai doesn't bring forth too many romantic associations. Songs like \"Iktara\" from \"Wake Up Sid\" and \"Aayoga jab tum sajna\" from \"Jab We Met\" have had strong rain images but still they can't be clubbed as out-and-out rain songs. \"More than romanticism, mention of rains brings forth thoughts of water logging and dirty streets. For people in urban India, monsoons are no longer about romantic espaces to wilderness. This generation is more worried about an ugly word called EMI. Youngsters have little time to think of pregnant rain clouds. Though I composed \"Zoobie doobie\" for \"3 Idiots\" that had a drenched Kareena in an orange chiffon sari kissing Aamir Khan , it is not really an out-and-out romantic number,\" Shantanu says, adding that Indian music might not get another song like Shubha Mudgal's \"Ab ke sawaan\" again.Death of non-film genres Composer Abhijit Pohankar says the dearth of rain songs is also a result of the absence of non-film music genres in Mumbai. \"Monsoon songs are no longer the flavour of Bollywood. I have quite a few monsoon compositions because I still live in the 80s and am not ready to join the Bollywood bandwagon of 'Ishq Sufiana' music. I live in the 80s era of romanticism but punch my music with the technical advancements of 2012. That's why my \"Thumri Funk\" album has quite a few monsoon compositions. My father,Pt Ajay Pohankar, has an earthy voice and I'm glad people are liking the way I have used his timber to reinterpret monsoon bandishes. Since the non-film Hindi music genre is almost dead, one doesn't get to hear monsoon numbers at all in Bollywood anymore,\" Abhijit says.Lyrically speaking Lyricist Swanand Kirkire says youngsters, who are used to air-conditioners, don't connect with images of nature. \"I have never been asked to write a rain song. The scripts don't demand it. I remember I had used a rain image in the second antara of the \"Piyu bole\" number from \"Parinita\". Of course, I would like to write one but then, where are such scripts? For me, the cult rain song is \"Megha chhaya adhi raat\",\" Swanand says.Regional rain romance Meanwhile, regional films and non-film albums are happily singing an ode to monsoons. \"Be it Marathi, Bengali or even industries down South, rain songs are very popular there. I guess, people outside Mumbai still appreciate the rains,\" Shantanu says. Ustad Rashid Khan, who sang \"Aayoge jab tum sajna\", says, \"One has to be creatively tuned to appreciate the rains. I'm in Agartala now and it's raining here. It feels so good to sing a rain bandish. Bollywood used to have good rain songs earlier. But I don't think I've heard any memorable rain song after \"AJTS\". But in Bengal, I have sung quite a few rain songs recently, including \"Megh jome achhe mono kone\". Even Sufi music, which is a fad in Bollywood, has rain songs. Hindi music composers have to appreciate the beauty of these numbers and offer such songs to us. But then, when one is only looking at churning out songs that have to be chart-busters, I guess such experiments will be few and far between.\" Well, are the composers listening?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943482", "title": "Complaint against CM: Court seeks police report", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday asked Delhi police to apprise it of the action taken by cops on a complaint against chief minister Sheila Dikshit and transport minister Arvinder Singh Lovely for alleged corruption in granting fitness certificates to commercial vehicles.Metropolitan magistrate Neeraj Gaur asked the anti-corruption branch to file a report by July 4, detailing the steps it has taken on the complaint filed by RTI activist Vivek Garg.Besides the two ministers, the complaint also named former transport commissioner R K Verma and a company which was granted the contract for conducting lane tests of commercial vehicles, M/s ESP India. Garg, through his counsel Vivek Gupta, told the court that the Delhi government gave away the contract to the private firm without inviting any tender.\"Due to corrupt and malafide intentions of the ministers, officer (R K Verma) and company (ESP India), no tender bid was called and the contract was given in contravention of the law,\" Garg said.Garg also sought the court's direction to lodge an FIR against the ministers, the former commissioner and the company under seveal IPC sections, including 511 (attempt to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life), 420 (cheating), 409 (criminal breach of trust by a public servant and criminal conspiracy).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944590", "title": "Ground water depletion echoes in House", "text": "LUCKNOW: The issue of depleting ground water echoed in the Uttar Pradesh assembly on Friday with members expressing serious concern over it and asking the government to take immediate steps to check the grave situation. The issue figured when a question regarding status of underground water levels was raised by BJP members Suresh Kumar Khanna and Lakshmikant Bajpai during the question hour.Responding to this, the government, while admitting the gravity of the issue, said that a legislation is being currently under consideration to check excessive exploitation of underground water. The new legislation is intended to make encroachment on water bodies/ponds a cognizable offence and also makes it mandatory for development authorities/housing boards to develop water bodies in their new housing colonies, the government said in its written reply.Replying to a supplementary question, minister for ground water, Paras Nath said the situation is grave in 215 out of total 820 blocks in the state. Of them 76 development blocks were identified as extremely critical in 25 districts, including Lucknow, Agra, Kanpur, Bareilly, Rae Bareli and JP Nagar. \"They had registered a record fall in the underground water level,\" he said.He also said that 32 blocks are in the critical category and 107 are sensitive, which need immediate attention. \"The situation had occurred mainly due to excessive exploitation of underground water. Nearly 80% of this was used for agricultural purpose and remaining 20% for drinking water purposes. The overuse of underground water needs to be curbed. This would be done though legislation and with the help of people by creating awakening about the fast depletion of under ground water,\" the minister added.As for Bundelkhand region, he said, the government had decided to increase the target of check dams from 265 last year to 415 this year for water harvesting. When members asked about the reasons for the fall , Yadav said that encroachments in ponds, which are the main source for water recharge, is one of the major causes of receding underground water level.Intervening at this, revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary assured the House that the revenue department would undertake a survey of all those water bodies, which had been encroached upon and also ensure that they were restored back to their original shape.Another issue that figured prominently was that of theft of 1,000 tonne of wheat worth Rs 3 crore from the FCI godown in Allahabad. Raising the matter during zero hour, Hukum Singh of BJP said, \"It is a grave matter, as this theft could not have been committed without the involvement of high and mighty. The matter needed to be probed by a high-power committee, as the simple FIR lodged in the case would not yield any tangible result.\"Assuring inquiry into the matter, parliamentary affairs minister Mohammed Azam Khan rather choose to dilute the issue, saying that it is a case of extreme corruption that had become a fact of life. His reply turned out to be a mere customary in which he said that the government is seriously concerned with the issue.Earlier, in reply to another question, the state government said that it is considering an increase in old-age and widow pensions in view of the increasing cost of living due to price rise. This was assured in a written reply to a question raised by BJP MLA Shyamdeo Roy Chowdhury, who sought to know whether the government is considering increasing old-age and widow pensions, which had not been increased since 2007. Minister Balram Singh Yadav said that discussions are going on with the finance department for increasing the pensions.As for the adulteration of food, the government said that no case of colouring or use of oxytocin in vegetables sold in markets was found in the state this year. In its written reply to a question raised by Congress MLA Mukesh alias Gyanendra Srivastava, the government said that in the first four months of this year (till April), 331 inspections of vegetable vendors were made during which none of the samples were found adulterated.Minister Waqar Ahmad Shah said though many times it came to the notice of the government through media that oxytocin was used in vegetables for various purposes, but its use was not detected anywhere. He said that state government had conduct raids to check sale of oxytocin, which is banned in the state. In between April 1, 2011 to March 31, 2012, 17 people were arrested for allegedly selling oxytocin, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942708", "title": "MoI challenger appointed new info commissioner", "text": "PANAJI: The petitioner in medium of instruction (MOI) case and educationist Pandurang R Nadkarni, who took the Digambar Kamat government to court for approving grants to primary schools in English, will take over as new state information commissioner.Speaking to media persons on the sidelines of the swearing in ceremony of Alina Saldanha, chief minister Manohar Parrikar said, \"A three-member committee has unanimously selected the name of P R Nadkarni for the post of new information commissioner.\"The government had shortlisted three names for the post, which had been lying vacant for about a year and nine months.The three names were: Dr Pradeep Paudwal, former project director of the Goa State Aids Control Society, D C Sahoo, secretary of civil supplies and P R Nadkarni, former educationistThe three-member high level committee comprised chief minister Manohar Parrikar, leader of opposition Pratapsingh Rane and urban development Minister Francis D' Souza was constituted to finalize the name of information commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13947971", "title": "Bank to hold meet for doctors", "text": "MANGALORE: The city-based Corporation Bank will organize a Doctors' Meet at Hotel Deepa Comforts on Saturday.The meet is aimed at enabling medical practitioners and dentists to equip their clinic with the state-of-the-art medical technology. The bank had introduced Corp Doctor Plus, a simple, hassle-free, tailor-made scheme specially designed to meet the credit requirements of medical fraternity.Ashwani Kumar, executive director of the bank, Dr K Jayaprakash Shetty, president, Indian Medical Association, Mangalore, Dr Muralee Mohan C, president, Indian Dental Association, Mangalore and Dr M Shantharam Shetty, vice-chancellor, Nitte University, Mangalore will be present.Under the scheme, doctors can obtain finance for setting up of clinics, hospitals, pathology labs and purchase of electro medical equipments.Any registered medical practitioner, dentist, physiotherapist or firm managed by doctors can apply for the loan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13945631", "title": "Centre to pay Rs 25 crore to dump Bhopal waste in Germany", "text": "NEW DELHI: A group of ministers (GoM) on the 1984 Bhopal gas disaster on Friday gave its approval to the the Madhya Pradesh government to dispose of 350 metric tonnes of Union Carbide chemical plant's toxic waste in Germany.The Centre will pay Rs 25 crore towards the cost of airlifting the waste that will be removed within a year. The details of the plan will be finalized within two weeks.MP Bhopal gas tragedy, relief and rehabilitation minister Babulal Gaur said that the GoM under the chairmanship of Union home minister P Chidambaram has asked the state to prepare an agreement within two weeks' time. Gaur said the disposal would be carried out by German agency-GIZ IS. The state will submit an agreement to the Centre before the next meeting, which is likely to be held on June 22, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940534", "title": "MHT-CET 2012 results: Health sciences pass percentage 13.27", "text": "PUNE: The number of students who have qualified for admissions to medical, dental and other health science courses in the state has gone up by 1.25% compared to last year.The Directorate of Medical Education and Research (DMER), which released the details of the MHT-CET 2012 examination results on Friday, declared a pass percentage of 13.27 for the students who appeared for health sciences section of the entrance exam.This is 1.25% better than last year's success rate of 12.02%. Of the 2,15,580 students who appeared for health sciences section, 28,616 students were declared eligible for admissions this year.The results will be posted online on the websites www.dmer.org, www.mhtcet2012.org and www.dte.org.in from 10 am onwards on Saturday.The MHT-CET, conducted by the DMER on May 10, is the state government's combined entrance examination for admissions to first-year degree courses in health science, engineering and pharmacy courses.After the results are declared, the DMER carries out the common admission process for health sciences, while the directorate of technical education (DTE) conducts the process for engineering and pharmacy courses.The increase in number of students qualifying for health science courses is all the more heartening given that last year's success rate of 12.02% was down by 3.21% from the pass percentage of 2010 (15.23%).In all, 3,34,716 students appeared for the MHT-CET 2012. Of these, 2,15,580 appeared for the health sciences section, ie, physics, chemistry and biology (PCB) or physics, chemistry, mathematics and biology (PCMB) papers.Similarly, 2,80,042 students appeared for the engineering and pharmacy section, ie, PCM and PCMB papers. The figures may overlap, as students appear for the PCMB section so as to be able to opt for health science or engineering courses.In the engineering and pharmacy section, all the 2,80,042 students who appeared for PCM/PCMB papers, have been declared eligible for admission. Of these, 27,025 students scored more than 100 marks while 39 scored more than 190 marks.The highest score in the engineering and pharmacy section was 196 out of total 200 marks, which was bagged by a student from the SRTM University, Nanded area.This was followed by 195, 194 and 193 marks by students from Mumbai, Kolhapur and Pune university areas, respectively. Since 2010, DMER has stopped declaring names of the MHT-CET toppers as part of the state government's policy to reduce undue stress students may face.In the health sciences section, the Marathwada region recorded the highest pass percentage at 17.19, followed by Vidarbha's 13.08% and rest of Maharashtra's (RoM) 12.22%. RoM, which includes Pune and Mumbai, accounted for the largest chunk of students (1,30,116) who appeared for health science courses. Of these, 15,905 were declared eligible for admission.Vidarbha and Marathwada accounted for 48,159 and 37,305 students who appeared for the health sciences section, respectively. Of these, 6,299 and 6,412 students were declared eligible for admission.Meanwhile, the DTE has announced that online registration will be mandatory for students who have qualified for admissions to engineering and pharmacy degree courses. A notification about the online registration process and schedule for the centralised admission process will be declared soon.For health science courses, the DMER has announced that the process for submission of preference forms will commence in the last week of June. A notification related to the health sciences admission schedule will be declared soon. Preference forms will be accepted at four centres, B J Medical College, Grant Medical College and Government Medical Colleges in Aurangabad and Nagpur.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943320", "title": "BMC gets 2-yr extension for JNNURM projects", "text": "BHOPAL: The Centre on Friday gave two years extension to the delayed schemes under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM) executed by Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC).The schemes were to be completed by December 2011. However, after the extension, the new deadline would be 2014.Work of over a dozen schemes including the Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS) under the JNNURM was being delayed due to poor financial condition of the BMC. The other delayed schemes include slum rehabilitation project, administration of low-floor buses under the public transport project, Narmada water project, sewage project and water distribution network scheme.These schemes have been delayed by over a year now. \"In the middle of the execution of these schemes, the corporation ran short of finance. It took us time to arrange for the funds. This was the basic reason for the delay,\" the PRO said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945438", "title": "Bikers rob man of Rs 3 lakh he withdrew from bank", "text": "MUMBAI: A newspaper vendor was robbed of Rs 3 lakh in cash by two bike-borne men, soon after he withdrew the sum from a Borivli bank on Thursday. Charanjeet Yadav, the complainant, said he intended to repay a loan with the cash. The Borivli police have registered a case of theft.\"I had been to Axis Bank at Borivli (W) on Thursday to withdraw Rs 3 lakh. While I was seated inside, a stranger came up to me and asked if my name was Charanjeet Yadav. When I said yes, he said the cashier was asking for me,\" Yadav said. \"I went to the cashier but realized nobody had asked for me. After putting the cash into a plastic bag, I left. I suspect that the stranger was an associate of the robbers.\"Around 11 am, Yadav reached a petrol pump near Borivli station, when two men on a bike snatched his bag.Yadav said he had issued a cheque of Rs 3 lakh to his creditor earlier, but the cheque was dishonoured. \"The creditor said I could pay cash. Now I don't know how to repay the loan.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13947849", "title": "All India Council for Technical Education norms flouted in lateral entry: Khader", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore MLA UT Khader alleged that \"coaching mafia\" was putting pressure on the government to conduct entrance examination for diploma holders to join various engineering courses through lateral entry. \"It is against the norms of AICTE,\" he said.Khader, who brought the issue to the notice of chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda, told reporters here on Wednesday that according to the AICTE norms, admission for diploma students for engineering courses should be compulsorily on merit basis. \"KEA will invite applications from diploma holders for lateral entry and effect admissions to engineering courses only on the basis of the merit list prepared by them. Though the KEA has not announced any examination date, the coaching classes have been going on unabated in various parts of the state,\" Khader said and added that he had requested the CM to clear the air about the examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13958178", "title": "CBI grills Jaganmohan Reddy again in DA case", "text": "HYDERABAD: A day after the Andhra Pradesh high court granted CBI, two-day custody of YSR Congress Party chief Y S Jaganmohan Reddy for further questioning in the alleged disproportionate assets case, the probe agency today resumed his custodial interrogation.The Kadapa MP was brought to CBI office in Kendriya Sadan at 10.30 am amid tight police security. Jagan, who was arrested by the agency on May 27 in the disproportionate assets case, is under judicial remand till June 11 and lodged at Chanchalguda jail.The high court had yesterday given Jagan's custody to the CBI for two days till June 10 and directed the agency to question him during the day hours 10.30am to 5pm in presence of his lawyers.The CBI had sought the custody of Jagan saying it needed to confront him over the facts emerging out of the investigation into the Vodarevu and Nizampatnam Port and Industrial Corridor (Vanpic) project. The agency also informed the court that the accused did not cooperate with the agency during his last 5-day custody that ended on June 7.The central probe agency wanted Jagan's custody to also verify about the alleged investments of Rs 850 crore made in his businesses as part of quid-pro-quo transactions. The CBI also sought to gather information on alleged transfer of funds from different companies and countries that finally reached the firms owned by Jagan.It so far filed three charge sheets in the case and has accused Jagan of getting investments of several crore rupees from firms into his own businesses as part of quid-pro-quo, when his father late Y S Rajseskhara Reddy was the chief minister of Andhra Pradesh. According to the FIR filed by CBI in August last year, the Jagan-owned Jagati Publications Pvt Ltd that runs Sakshi daily was incorporated on June 14, 2006 and had an accumulated business losses of Rs 350 crore in four years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "montreal", "code": "13955669", "title": "Resta 5th fastest, Hulkenberg 8th in Canadian GP practice", "text": "MONTREAL: Force India drivers did well in the free practice sessions for Sunday's Canadian Grand Prix with Paul di Resta managing the fifth fastest timing and Nico Hulkenberg finishing eighth.Resta was 11th in session one after clocking 1:16.347 in 32 laps but improved his timing to 1:15.544 in session two to claim the fifth position at the Circuit-Gilles Villeneuve.Hulkenberg was sixth in the first session when he clocked his fastest lap in 1:15.986min but was eighth in the second despite marginally improving upon his fastest lap timing, which was 1:15.799.Going by the practice, Scot Resta was confident of getting into top-10 in the qualifying.\"The weather was a bit of a worry today with the constant threat of rain so we had a very busy morning and probably did more laps in FP1 than we normally would. By the end of the day I was very happy with the feel of the car in terms of balance.\"Of course the ambient conditions are expected to change overnight and we need to see how that impacts us tomorrow, but based on today's performance I think we can target Q3 if everything comes together,\" he said.Hulkenberg was also happy with the way things turned out in the two practice sessions.\"I enjoyed both sessions and ended the day with a very positive feeling. The balance of the car is where we want it to be and the changes we made to during the lunch break seemed to take us in the right direction. There is still a lot of homework to do this evening and room to improve things further, but it's been a good start to the weekend,\" the German driver said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958144", "title": "Amy Winehouse to be immortalised in bronze statue", "text": "A life-size bronze statue of Amy Winehouse could be put up in a venue near her home.Plans to commemorate the singer with a monument at the Roundhouse concert hall are being considered.\"We think it's important that Amy's contribution to music is recognised in Camden, but the idea is in its early stages of development at the moment,\" Contactmusic quoted a spokesman for London's Roundhouse as saying.The star, who fought a lengthy drink and drugs battle, was famous on the area's music scene.\"It will be bronze, life-size, and on the first-floor balcony next to the Roundhouse bar. What we'd like to have is Amy leaning over the balcony and looking, and perhaps pointing, towards Camden Town from Chalk Farm Road,\" her father Mitch told the Camden New Journal.Although, the family is confident in gaining planning permission, they are unsure about how it will be funded.\"It's just getting the money for it. If there are any corporations in Camden that would like to sponsor it then they'd be very welcome to get in touch,\" her father said.\"Amy was in love with Camden but for us, it is a place that we associate with heartbreak and love, because we loved Amy dearly.\"We wanted to have a bench in her memory outside her house in Camden Square, but there are so many hoops you have to jump through to do that,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13948256", "title": "Heritage buildings catch fancy of movie directors", "text": "MYSORE: The magnificent heritage structures built by the maharajas of Mysore are getting different touches from Sandalwood directors. Their scripts have called for converting the buildings - albeit for shooting purposes - into courts, colleges and even jails.The city, which has over 200 heritage buildings, has caught the imagination of both young and veteran movie directors. R Chandru, who directed the 'Kho Kho' with Srinagara Kitty and Priya Mani in the lead, shot some of the scenes at Maharaja College, by converting its exteriors into a 'court'. \"These heritage buildings, unlike others, can be mould into different structures depending on our creativity. When I wanted to shoot a court scene for 'Kho Kho', the first place that struck to my mind was Mysore Maharaja College. We wrapped up the shooting within half-a-day,\" says Chandru, who has also shot some scenes for Shivarajkumar-starrer 'Mylari' at the heritage buildings of Mysore. \"Even taking permission for shooting from those concerned is not a herculean task for movie-makers here,\" he added.The under-production movie 'Dandupalya', which is based on an underworld subject with Pooja Gandhi in a prominent role, has also picturized Maharani's College as a court.Veteran director Naganna has shot some portion of the much-awaited Darshan-starrer period movie 'Sangolli Rayanna' at Aloka Palace on the outskirts of the city. The movie is said to have a budget of Rs 18 crore, the highest for any Kannada movie till date. Naganna said heritage buildings have a magnificent pattern and so are best suited for shooting. \"I had converted Aloka Palace into an administrative office of the British era. Some of its portion was also converted to look like the exteriors of jail. The building's pillars and the working pattern are amazing. I don't think I could have found a better location than this,\" he added.Another young director Deepak said it is the script that makes movie-makers choose the location. \"We can't choose heritage structures for every movie. It all boils down to the nature of story. My latest movie 'Manasology' was themed around a music student. So I shot some scenes in Chamundeshwari Guest House and University of Mysore building,\" he says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13948959", "title": "Sunderbans may soon feature on Ramsar list", "text": "KOLKATA: State forest department is on the verge of completing the Ramsar information sheet on the Sunderbans Reserve Forest in India, a critical step towards being listed as a wetland of international importance.If the proposal is accepted and Indian Sunderbans declared a Ramsar site, it will be the third prestigious citation for the mangrove delta. In 1987, UNESCO declared the Sunderbans National Park a World Heritage site and in 2001, the entire Indian Sunderbans was declared a Global Biosphere Reserve.The world's largest contiguous mangrove ecosystem stretches over 10,200 sq km across India and Bangladesh. Of this, 4,263 sq km of reserve forest is in India and 5,937 sq km in Bangladesh.The Bangladesh section of the Sunderbans is already listed on the Ramsar site and is a World Heritage site. The Bangladeshi government recently provided an updated Ramsar information sheet on its Sunderbans Ramsar site, enlarging its area from 596,000 hectare to 601,700 hectare.Speaking to TOI, Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve director Pradeep Vyas said the fact sheet requiring information on map of Sunderbans, biodiversity, hot spots and vulnerability was nearing completion and would be forwarded to Ramsar authorities via the state government and the Union ministry of environment and forests.\"The Sunderbans was nominated for recognition as a Ramsar site by the Centre, but the documentation that is required could not be taken up till recently. Now, we have taken it up in earnest and will complete the process soon,\" he said.Ramsar Convention is an intergovernmental treaty that provides the framework for national action and international cooperation for the conservation and wise use of wetlands and their resources. The convention uses a broad definition of the types of wetlands covered in its mission, including mangroves. It is the only global environmental treaty that deals with a particular ecosystem.International recognition aside, the Ramsar tag will help promote the Sunderbans as an ecotourism hot spot, it will also ensure better conservation as any threat to the ecosystem or change in character will mean derecognition and an international embarrassment.Apart from being the world's largest tiger habitat, the mangrove forest in the Sunderbans is remarkable for the protection it provides to nearly 4.5 million people on the Indian side and another 3.5 million on the Bangladesh portion from tidal surge generated by cyclonic depression in the Bay of Bengal. About one third of the total area is used as protected area for the conservation of biological diversity. In addition, the abundant fish and biomass resources - timber, fuelwood, pulpwood, leaves, shells, crabs, honey and fish - are harvested by local communities. The Sunderbans is also a major pathway for nutrient recycling and pollution abatement.The biodiversity of the Sunderbans is also diverse. The delta has the distinction of encompassing the world's largest mangrove forest belt with 84 identified flora species, of which 34 are true mangroves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kurukshetra", "code": "13947753", "title": "Jilted lover slaps girl, suspended", "text": "KURUKSHETRA: A final year girl student of Shri Krishana Institute of Engineering and Technology here was slapped by a youth when she turned down his proposal while his friends captured the entire episode in a mobile camera.Ankush Kumar, his friends Navin Pundit and Punit Kumar have been arrested and a case of assault and outraging the modesty of woman has been registered against them.The incident took place on Thursday, when Ankush approached the girl in the college campus. According to a complaint lodged by the victim, Navin and Punit stayed back and recorded everything on cellphone. \"He slapped me after I turned down his proposal,\" she told police. Meanwhile, the college management has also slapped a fine of Rs 5,000 on Ankush and placed him under suspension. \"We've not suspended the other two as we'have not received any complaint that they had provoked Ankush,\" the director, SKIET, said over phone. SHO city police station, inspector Dayal Chand, said, \"The three accused were booked in a case under sections 323, 294 and 506 of IPC. They have been arrested and are being interrogated.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13939906", "title": "Mock drill conducted to check Allahabad cops\u2019 alertness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In an attempt to check promptness and alertness of police, the senior police officials on Thursday night conducted mock drills asking them to reach a particular point with an aim to control the mob as well as defending themselves.In fact, superintendent of police (city) Shailesh Kumar Yadav on Thursday night aired a message on wireless sets instructing his subordinates including six station officers along with their forces to reach at Eidgah crossing after a group of boozers had an altercation with inspector rank official.It took hardly 10 minutes when all the six station officers along with police forces who rushed the spot and chased away the boozers.Talking to TOI, SP (city) said \"it was an attempt to check the alertness and promptness of police forces whether they were cable to reach the spot within no time\". He added \" cops were given instructions to reach the spot with two objectives including controlling the mob and defending themselves if there was a rioting like situation\". He further added that police personnel are being briefed about the measures as to how control people involved in rioting and arsons and what measures that they should adopt to safeguard them.On similar pattern, a mock drill cum anti-riot demonstration drill was held at reserve police line on Friday morning where the sleuths of civil police, lathi party, LIU ( local intelligence unit), tear gas party, rubber bullet party , water cannon party and fire party participated and exhibited their caliber to control the rioting mob.On the occasion, senior cops instructed their subordinates about the steps that are helpful in controlling the rioting crowd and measures that could offer help them to chase the agitators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13942693", "title": "Top terror suspect killed in high security Pune jail", "text": "PUNE: Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, accused of executing terror attacks in Bangalore and Delhi and involvement in the attempt to blow up Pune's famed Dagadusheth Ganapati temple, was strangled to death by two other prisoners in a high-security cell of Pune's Yerawada central jail on Friday morning. Siddiqui's killing not only exposes the weaknesses in security for key terror suspects but is also bound to hamper investigations into the IM that is blamed for a series of attacks nationwide.The 27-year-old terrorist was believed to be a close associate of Yasin Bhatkal, the main suspect in a string of terror attacks, including the German Bakery blast. Bhatkal is yet to be arrested.Prison superintendent S V Khatavkar, who was later suspended by the Maharashtra government for the security lapse, told TOI in the morning that Siddiqui was found dead in his 10 ftx10 ft cubicle in the 'anda' cell of Yerawada. \"We later learned that gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao, who were also lodged in the 'anda' cell, had strangled Siddiqui to death with a drawstring from a pair of shorts around 9.45am,\" he said.Siddiqui was in custody of the Maharashtra anti-terrorism squad since May 3. He was handed over by Delhi police, who arrested him on November 22, 2011.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955828", "title": "Rupam the rockstar", "text": "He is every bit a rockstar. And now, Rupam will be seen touching the right chord with his acting skills.After a cameo in Via Darjeeling , the musician is all set to play a rockstar in Kanchenjungha Express .\" Director Arnab Ghosh gives us an insight, \"It's a college fest sequence, where Rupam will not just be performing but also end up flirting with Nandini aka Mumtaz, winner of the college beauty pageant.\"While Arnab is thrilled to bits, Rupam too is kicked about the role, we hear. Here's looking forward to a rocking treat!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13945527", "title": "Thane abortion clinic runs 'minus licence'", "text": "THANE: Business goes on as usual at Gopika Nursing Home on Gokhale Road in Thane. Freshly painted signboards outside the \"abortion centre\" promise prospective patients \"total confidentiality\"; they declare the rates for abortion and fibroid surgery; and they guarantee to discharge patients within an hour of operation. Nowhere is there any sign of the fact that the clinic's registration \"was cancelled\" last year after Dr Umesh Londhe, who runs the place, was filmed in a sting operation agreeing to abort a female foetus after organizing a pre-natal sex determination test.\"It is completely illegal as this nursing home was stripped of its licence. They cannot conduct any medical-related surgery or practice at Gopika Nursing Home. We have cancelled their registration under the Nursing Home Registration Act, 1949,\" said Dr R T Kendre, chief medical officer of the Thane Municipal Corporation (TMC).Top civic officials said the nursing home's registration was cancelled within days of the sting op by voluntary group Lek Ladki and social activist Varsha Deshpande in July last year. \"There is no question of revoking the cancellation because the case is pending before a judicial magistrate and we are in the process of filing charges against the doctor,\" Dr Kendre said.\"Moreover, on our recommendation, the civil surgeons' committee cancelled the licence issued to Dr Londhe for conducting abortion up to 20 weeks of pregnancy,\" the civic official said. \"The committee has terminated the licence issued under the Medical Termination of Pregnancy Act on the basis of prima facie evidence with us. In effect, Gopika Nursing Home has been erased from our records.\"Dr Londhe, however, maintained that he had not been informed of any such action against him and is legally within his rights to practice. \"After the sting operation, I had closed the nursing home for some months. However, I have started my practice again here as there is no order or notice from any agency preventing me from doing so. At least I have not been informed about the deregistration of the nursing home or cancellation of the MTP licence,\" Dr Londhe claimed.He said he was still in possession of his original licence to run the nursing home and had in fact annually applied to the TMC for licence renewal. \"I also recently...paid the fire brigade a fee when it came for an official inspection of my premises,\" Dr Londhe said.Dr Kendre, however, said that all original papers related to the clinic have been presented in court. \"He is misleading all. He can practice since his registration given by the Medical Council of India is still valid. The law states that unless charges are framed against a practicing doctor he cannot be stripped of his registration. We are in the process of framing charges against him and after a hearing on June 13 we will notify the MCI to initiate action against him,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13946537", "title": "Cheaper option: Cars turn bars", "text": "THANE: Locating a parking slot on LBS Road in Thane after 9pm is next to impossible. Cars emitting soft music fill the area till late at night even as their occupants gulp beer or sip rum while savouring tikkas or Manchurian from the string of eateries nearby. Roadside drinking is on the rise in the lake city as many youths and older drinkers find visiting bars too expensive. While high excise and liquor rates are blamed for the shift, law enforcers are faced with more drunken driving and roadside brawls. Police action and the subsequent legal hassles, however, do not drive drinkers from their regular spots.\"It's close to a year now since my friends and I have visited our regular bars. Liquor is prohibitively expensive in bars. Instead, we purchase booze from a retail shop and jam in my car at Upvan Lake or at the Yeoor foothills. It's better to drink in the car with the AC on than to sit in a smoky bar and pay more for the same drinks,'' said Vineet M, a resident of Vartak Nagar.Sagar S, an executive with a publication house, is a regular at roadside joints along the Eastern Express Highway near Bhaskar Colony. \"You get the same pleasure by spending less money, so we do it regularly,\" he said. The hike in prices has also compelled him to switch to less-expensive brands. \"Previously, I would order an expensive whisky at the bar, which would cost me Rs 370 a quarter. With the excise hike, bars have raised the price to Rs 450. I now have a cheaper brand that sells a quarter for Rs 325. It is not affordable to consume the same brand as my income has not gone up and prices of essentials have,'' he added.Bars and restaurants are losing clientele. Brijesh Sharma, proprietor of popular eating house Shelter, said the turnover has taken a 20 to 30% hit. Beer sales have dipped to a new low. \"People drinking mild beer would pay Rs 75 for a bottle then. Post-hike the same beer goes for Rs 100. Most drinkers who had two to three beers to achieve a high now prefer a cheap whisky,\" Sharma said. He added that most establishments do not achieve break-even targets on weekdays.\"Drinking at home is a better option as we save money,\" said Mahesh, a weekend drinker. \"I would spend anywhere from Rs 500 to Rs 600 on visits to bars. Now I take my bottle home. It also saves me the cost of buying bottled water, cold drinks and snacks. I drink the same IMFL brand at home.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943877", "title": "IDA's high-end flats find no takers", "text": "INDORE: The high-end flats constructed by the Indore Development Authority (IDA) at Anandvan have no takers as customers find prices prohibitive. As a result IDA has to cancel the sales process of 55 flats.The development authority has already sold 157 flats at its first high-rise luxurious flats at Anandvan at Scheme No. 140. Citing hike in cost of construction including escalation in prices of steel and cement, the IDA had on April 24 proposed to hike the prices of the remaining 55 flats.The cost was hiked from Rs 2,100 per square feet to Rs 2,400 per square feet for residential property and price of commercial and office complex was upped from Rs 4,500 per square feet to Rs 4,650 per square feet.Though, IDA initiated the sale process for the properties from May 28 on a first-come-first-serve basis there was no takers for the same after a sale of about 250 odd application forms. The IDA was also expected to publish an advertisement about the sale of remaining flats but the lukewarm response from buyers forced the authority to cancel the process.The IDA officials said the cancellation of the sale process will affect the flow of money and it will ultimately affect the Rs 60 crores project spread over 2 lakh square feet area.\"The IDA is carrying out this project on its own and the lack of interest from the buyers will affect the flow of money. However, we will continue with the construction work,\" said an official adding that the matter will be taken up in board meeting.Mohan Shirvastav, who wanted to buy a flat at Anandvan said he wanted to purchase IDA flats as they are expected to be cheaper than the private builders. \"But after the hike in cost of flats, a house in the IDA project costs as much as that offered by any private builder. There is no point in going for IDA project,\" he said. The other issue is the lack of confidence among the buyers about IDA as the development authority is not known to construct high end flats, he said.Echoing the view, Suman Verma, a prospective buyer, said people go for IDA properties as it is considered to be cheap, but now the IDA is selling properties like any private builder. \"There is no point in going for IDA flats,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13956161", "title": "I lost music after the loss of my son: Ali Haider", "text": "Pakistani singer Ali Haider of Purani Jeans fame makes a comeback on the music scene after a decade.Ali Haider, the sensational singer and actor from Pakistan is back after a hiatus of ten long years. The Sufi Singer launched his latest album Kee Jana Mein Kaun in Mumbai last evening. The soul stirring album has renditions by famous Baba Bulleh Shah and promises to showcase the versatility of the singer.Talking about his absence from the music scene, Haider said, \"I lost music from my life after the loss of my son. I have also written an autobiography which describes this phase of my life. With the blessing of my idol Baba Bulleh Shah, I have been able to revive my life and bring this album for my fans\".Ali left the audience asking for more with live performances from the track Firangi from his latest album and classic hits like Duma Dum Mast Qalandar and his all time favorite Poorani Jeans . \"I don't know whether I will be a hit or a flop in my second innings but seeing the overwhelming response from the live audience I feel like clapping for my fans,\" said the singer in anticipation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13945639", "title": "Govt stopped instructing BDA on G-sites", "text": "BANGALORE: The government has filed a statement before the high court stating that it has stopped giving instructions to the BDA for allotment of G-category sites. It has said that G-category sites were allotted under different regimes and under different set of laws and rules, and their cancellation would result in several complications.The statement has been filed in response to a PIL filed by a Bangalore advocate seeking cancellation of G-category sites to various persons by the previous governments.APPEAL AGAINST KF ADMITTEDA division bench headed by Justice DV Shylendra Kumar has admitted two income-tax appeals filed by the commissioner of income-tax, Bangalore.The bench ordered notice to Kingfisher Airlines Limited and granted interim stay on the May 25 order of the Income Tax Appellate Tribunal, Bangalore Bench, in sending the matter back to the department for fresh consideration.The matter relates to non-payment of TDS by the company for 2010-11 and 2011-12. The department had passed an order freezing all bank accounts of the company for non-payment of Rs. 349.09 crore tax deducted at source (TDS) for the period 2010-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940546", "title": "Centre to replicate state's grain scheme for poor", "text": "NAGPUR: The unique 'Foodrains Guarantee Scheme' launched by Maharashtra will now be replicated all over the country. Food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said here on Friday that after the state's employment guarantee scheme that worked as a model for the popular MREGS of UPA government, the foodgrains scheme will also find a national echo.Under this scheme, foodgrains (wheat and rice) quota of three months is delivered in one installment for the below poverty line (BPL) and antyodaya card holders. The delivery is done at the village square (chawdy) in presence of the government official and village vigilance committee on 7{+t}{+h} day of month. The foodgrains will be packed in bags of 50kg and delivered in the village so that the beneficiary can carry it home conveniently, said Deshmukh.Unlike the old PDS in which the grains were transported from taluka godown to fair price shop by the shop owner, now the transportation will be done at government cost. For availing the scheme, 60% of the beneficiaries in a village have to give their consent through village officials and deposit the requisite money by 20{+t}{+h} of every month. For antyodaya card holder, the three-monthly grain charges would be Rs 200 and for BPL card holder it would be Rs 555, the minister informed. For those who do not opt for the scheme, regular monthly supply will be available at the fair price shop from 8{+t}{+h} to 15{+t}{+h} of every month.He said the scheme was implemented on pilot basis in Pune and Nashik districts' 400 villages last year and gradually extended to 10,000 villages in the state. Recently cabinet decided to extend it all over the state. The scheme was presented before officials of the Union government who were impressed and decided to adopt it for replication at national level, Deshmukh said. Special trucks painted in green colour are used for grain transportation. The scheme has already shown results as complaints of non-availability, diversion to open markets by shopkeepers and misuse of BPL cards by affluent people have dropped drastically, claimed Deshmukh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946941", "title": "When Queen came calling", "text": "It was the first visit by a reigning British monarch to the South. Queen Elizabeth II and her husband Prince Philip, the Duke of Edinburgh's reception at Chennai, or Madras took place on February 19, 1961.People lined the streets from the airport at Meenambakkam to the centre of town in hundreds and thousands as the newspapers of that time reported. A general holiday was declared in both Madras and Bangalore, as the capital cities of Tamil Nadu and Karnataka used to be known.The royal couple had made leisurely progress through the Indian sub-continent riding howdahs on royal elephants, going on shoots, as the guests of Indian princes still in residence in their palaces. At New Delhi, the Queen was seen next to the then President Rajendra Prasad in a horse and carriage and later at a garden party hosted by Vice-President Dr Sarvepalli Radhakrishnan, with members of the first family, the Nehrus, in all their handsome flamboyance themselves in attendance by their side. Dancers, musicians, folk artists, philosophers and poets came forth as part of the entourage. One does not recall any cricket players or cinema artists at the time.At Chennai (or Madras) they were received at the Rajaji Hall in the erstwhile Government Estate by a high power delegation of statesmen led by C Subramaniam, the finance minister, Dr P V Cherian, chairman of the Madras Legislative Council, Dr U Krishna Rao, speaker of the legislative assembly, and R Venkataraman, minister of industries at that time.Subramaniam, who is known as the architect of India's agricultural reforms, received the Bharat Ratna while Venkataraman went on to become the President of India. The Queen was presented with a bouquet by Srimathi T N Ananthanayaki, MLA; and the Duke of Edinburgh with a garland by social worker and longtime chairperson of the Guild of Service Mary Clubwala Jadhav, MLC.Since it was the Queen's third child Prince Andrew's first birthday, they also cut a cake in his honour, we are told. This came from the famous Bosotto Bros bakery, which was amongst the many shops and buildings lining the Mount Road, as Anna Salai was then known, that celebrated the Queen's visit.The speaker of the Madras assembly presented two gifts to the royal couple. These would certainly raise eyebrows today. The Queen was presented with an ivory image of a Nataraja mounted on a silver box. The Duke received a silver cigarette box!Loyal guests from the UK from what used to be known as \"up-country\", that is from places across the South, tea and coffee estates, had been invited to the Governor's dinner party later that evening. One of them, a Mr and Mrs Brankin, was staying at our house, as all the hotels, there were not many besides the Connemara in those days, being full up. Mr Brankin was works manager at the textile company of Binny's at Bangalore. His wife had opted to wear a tight fitting silk dress in navy blue and at the last moment, called me into the bedroom to help her get into her corset, a veritable straitjacket of whalebone and elastic, so that she could stand straight while curtseying to the Queen.The architect S L Chitale, whose father L M Chitale was the associate architect for LIC, Chennai's first highrise building, had just finished one of the first tall buildings on Anna Salai, the Dhun Building. He had invited some of his friends to climb up onto the terrace for a look down as the Queen drove past with the Duke by her side.And that's were I stood and cheered as the tiny figure of the Queen drove by all those years ago down the streets of Chennai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942951", "title": "BJP launches protest against price hike", "text": "JAIPUR: The BJP on Friday launched a two-week campaign against the Centre and state governments' polices and price rises.Leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje termed the Ashok Gehlot-led state government as \"anti-farmer\". \"The Congress government in the state has failed to provide seeds on subsidised rates to farmers,\" she said.\"Around one lakh BJP workers would court arrests in the state on June 22 in protest of recent petrol price hikes by the UPA government,\" said Vijay Goyal, the party's national general secretary.Goyal, who has been made convener of the anti-government protests in Rajasthan, said that the BJP workers would organise street plays, distribute pamphlets and organise mass protests from June 8 to June 22 all over Rajasthan.At a meeting held in the day, Goyal asked the party workers to associate the common man with the campaign that has been launched to highlight corruption and price hikes under the Congress-led governments at Centre and the state. Raje also urged the party's public representatives to participate in the campaign. \"People are fed up with the economic policies of the UPA government in the country. The price rises and day-to-day petrol price rise has been burning holes in the pocket of common man,\" Goyal said in a press conference at the BJP headquarters on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "13940683", "title": "Closure notices against 2 hospitals; chemist arrested", "text": "BEED: The district administration on Friday issued notices to medical practitioners Shivaji Sanap and Madhav Sanap, asking them why their hospitals - Sanap Hospital and Bhagwan Hospital respectively - should not be sealed to prevent them from indulging in dangerous activities.The police also arrested a medical store owner, Usha Chavan, for allegedly selling MTP (medical termination of pregnancy) kits without prescriptions and for not maintaining record. The arrest was made following a report from the Food and Drugs Administration department.Resident deputy collector Mahendrakumar Kamble said, the two doctors were issued notices under section 133 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC on Friday and their hospitals would be sealed after a police report. \"Section 133 empowers the district collector and the sub-divisional magistrate to issue order in an urgent case of nuisance or apprehended danger. Their hospitals certainly stand to be sealed,\" he added.Shivaji Sanap was arrested after police found he had performed three abortions last Saturday and told his employees to dump two foetuses under a bridge in the Barshinaka area. The other foetus was buried by the relatives of the woman at their home.Madhav was found to be running his hospital without a licence. His licence was cancelled by the Maharashtra Medical Council six months ago for involving in unethical practices.\"We have sent a report to the district administration seeking closure of the two hospitals,\" said Shrikant Dhivare, additional superintendent of police. Chavan, the owner of Payal medical store, at Samant Hospital, was arrested for violation of the Drugs and Cosmetics Act, he added.FDA officials, during a raid on the medical store on June 6, had discovered that MTP kits and abortion drugs were being sold without prescriptions and bills were not being issued. \"We are yet to ascertain the involvement of the hospital to which the store is attached,\" Dhivare said.Meanwhile, medicial practitioner Shrihari Lahane, who is Shivaji's father-in-law, and a co-accused in the foetuses dumping case, was on Friday produced before a court, which remanded in police custody till June 11. Lahane, who was arrested two days ago, was shifted to the Aurangabad government medical college and hospital after he complained of uneasiness. He was brought to Beed on Friday to be produced before the court, Dhivare said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13939434", "title": "Crucible of higher education for women", "text": "So spoke Gerard Manley Hopkins of Oxford, the crucible of higher education in England since the 12th century. So can one speak for Patna Women's College (PWC) which began with the noble task of educating women of the eastern state of Bihar seven years before India attained Independence.The resplendently fascinating landmark of the city and the seat of higher learning, the college is an imposing blend of masterpieces of Indo-Persian, Norman and Gothic architecture. A crucible of intellectual activity, research, knowledge creation, learning and teaching, PWC's historic campus in Patna is always buzzing and vibrant, hour after hour. In this environment,results matter and creativity flourishes within groups, teams and departments.The lush green campus of over 29 acres of land at the heart of the town on Bailey Road, just opposite the magnificent building of Patna High Court, accommodates the main college building, the Library Block, the Science Block, the Vocational Block, the Administrative Block, the Carmel Technical Institute, the Chapel and the Mount Carmel High School.The illustrious history of the college dates back to the year 1940. Founded by Bishop B.J. Sullivan SJ, Bishop of Patna and Mother M Josephine A.C, Superior General of the Apostolic Carmel, it was the first institution of higher learning opened to cater to the educational needs of women in Bihar.Feeling the imperative need of rousing the heart of the cultured northerner to the light of knowledge, the Bishop of Patna, B J Sullivan, was looking for women who would take in hand the higher education of girls, for he firmly believed that the uplift of Bihar laid in liberating its womenfolk by providing them with opportunities of higher learning. The Bishop then sent a letter inviting Mother M Josephine, A.C. Superior General of the Apostolic Carmel, who was overwhelmed with the offer.Bishop Sullivan, the founder, named it Patna Women's College. The college, with 12 students, started on July 1, 1940, with Mother Clarissa as Superior and Sister Benedicta as principal. But the duo soon handed over the reins to Mother Theodosia, who steered the college for many years through stormy days and dark nights, both financially and otherwise. \"Mother Theodosia personally used to knock on every door requesting people to send their daughters for higher education and also drop postcards to the cross section of society urging them to educate their daughters,\" says PWC principal Sister Doris D'Souza.\"Her efforts paid and soon it blossomed and bloomed into a temple of learning for the women of Bihar. Today every second family of the city has a daughter or kin, who is an alumnus or student of this college,\" added Sister Doris.Initially, the college and the hostel were housed in the Bishop's own residence at Bankipur, which he vacated for this great work. Soon it was granted the status of degree college in July 1941. However, the present site of the college building was offered to the then principal, Mother Theodosia, by the governor of Bihar Lord Rutherford, in 1945. The governor was concerned that the college building should match the beauty and majesty of the Patna High Court, opposite which this site was located.The college moved into its new building in 1948. It was the same year Mount Carmel High School also got its new building on the same campus.It was Father Gaerhart and Father F Loesch, who saw the 'architect's dream' for the new building of the college and offered their services as architect and engineer. The present edifice is a majestic monument to their creativity.Thousands of motivated and empowered women have passed through the portals of this college and have entered various fields of life, many making a mark in our country and abroad.The college has come a long way from the time the pioneers envisioned and undertook the difficult task of establishing a women's college at a time when only a few enlightened and farsighted persons were prepared to support this infant project in a place where higher education for women was frowned upon, if not rejected outright.The college has grown in leaps and bounds in academics, cultural activities, personality development and leadership, and the necessary infrastructure. \"The students of the Sixties were a new and bouncing version of the more sedate students of the Forties, the bellbots of the Eighties and the jeans of the nineties were a far cry from the 'burkhas' of the Forties and Fifties. And now, in this new millennium, the students are carrying it off with vocational courses, research, computer programming etc.,\" said former Superior General, Sister M Carmelita A.C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13947964", "title": "Constables get judicial custody", "text": "Panaji: The North Goa district session court at Panaji on Friday remanded five police constables, who allegedly planted drugs on David Driham alias Dudu, an Israeli national, to judicial custody till June 14.The accused were produced before the session court after they served eight days in police custody. \"Court has granted judicial custody till June 14,\" said CBI sources. Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar were arrested by the CBI in the case.CBI sources said that the constables have also filed applications seeking their release on bail and the matter is likely to be heard on June 14 by the court.Goa police suspended the constables after they were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigating in police-politician-drug mafia nexus.The CBI has arrested the five constables under Section 120 (B) IPC (conspiracy) read with 20(b), 21(b) and 21(c) of NDPS Act.Dudu's arrest exposed the police-drug mafia nexus and led to the detention of another alleged Israeli drug dealer Atala and seven cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939339", "title": "Few Muslim police officers in Old City", "text": "HYDERABAD: Forty per cent police stations in the Old City where population of Muslims is high do not have a single field level officer from the same community and this list includes the Madannapet and Saidabad police stations where communal clashes occurred recently.Recently, Union home secretary R K Singh wrote to chief secretaries of all states, asking them why a recommendation of the Sachar Committee to appoint at least one Muslim officer in a police station with areas having a high concentration of Muslim population has not been implemented. The chief secretaries were also asked to take appropriate action and communicate the same to the home ministry by the end of June.Hyderabad is one of the largest Muslim-populated cities in the country where 41 per cent of the total population is from the community. Their population overshoots the average and reaches up to 90 per cent in 33 police station areas of Hyderabad, known as the Old City.Keeping in view the Union government's directive to the states, TOI conducted a survey on the presence of Muslim officers in the police stations of the Old City and it turned up that their presence is scant with respect to the community's population.Among the 33 police stations where Muslim population is very high, 17 are in the South Zone, nine police stations are in West Zone, three police stations in Central Zone and four in the East Zone.Among these, 13 police stations do not have a single Muslim officer of the rank of SI or inspector working there. The police stations without a Muslim officer are: Asif Nagar, Afzalgunj, Chandrayangutta, Dabeerpura, Falaknuma, Humayun Nagar, Madannapet, Malakpet, Mangalhat, Nampally, Saidabad, Santosh Nagar and Shahinayatgunj.Even in the remaining 20 police stations where Muslim officers are working, only five of them are posted as Station House Officers (SHOs). These include Bhavani Nagar, Chaderghat, Golconda, Kalapathar and Moghulpura.The only women police station in the Old City also does not have a Muslim officer. When asked about their non-presence despite the Sachar panel recommendation, senior city police officials tried to play down the issue by saying that many of the assistant SIs and constables posted in Old City are from the Muslim community.Sachar committee had described the suggestion to post Muslim officers in police stations 'not as a matter to eliminate discrimination but as an initiative to build confidence in the community'. Maybe the state government should also think in the same way and do the needful at least in the state capital where miscreants are always looking for an opportunity to create rift between communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958115", "title": "Dum Asel Tar completes its shoot", "text": "Movie 'Dum Asel Tar' under the banner of Sagar Sakunde Films has recently completed its shoot. Story and script has been written by Adwait Dadarkar and the movie is directed by Vijay Gokhale.The movie revolves around NRI Shankar and how his life changes after he is migrated to India. Debutant actor Shankar will be seen in the title role. Other cast members of the movies are Smita Shevale, Manva Naik, Mohan Joshi, Anant Jog. Bharat Jadhav will be seen as 'guest appearance' in this movie. The movie is scheduled to be released in August 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13952964", "title": "Need to prevent reappearance of Taliban post 2014: India", "text": "WASHINGTON: Observing that the drawdown of US troops from Afghanistan by 2014 is now a reality, a top Indian diplomat said there is need to ensure that Taliban does not regain prominence after that.\"There are definite indications of a drawdown in the US presence in Afghanistan. That's the reality that Afghanistan and the region has to deal with.\"And to see what needs to be done in order to secure the situation in Afghanistan and prevent any possibility of an upsurge of violence and terrorism and the reappearance of elements like the Taliban, who have caused so much grief and destruction for that country in years gone by,\" Indian ambassador to the US Nirupama Rao said at the Center for American Progress , a Washington-based thinktank.Rao, in her joint appearance with the US Ambassador to India Nancy Powell, said that the US was in close touch with the Indian government.\"We consult with each other very regularly about the situation in Afghanistan and how we can work together, all of us in the region, to strengthen Afghanistan's capacity to deal with forces that are anti-progress and do not want peace or stability in Afghanistan. So we have to all work together to strengthen Afghanistan's capacity to deal with forces that threaten its progress and prosperity,\" Rao said.In Afghanistan, she said India has adopted the policy of \"Invest and Endure.\" The fact is Afghanistan's development is very much a primary goal or primary concern for India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13940830", "title": "PIL against eating meat in govt functions dismissed", "text": "MADURAI: The Madras high court bench on Friday dismissed a PIL seeking to ban eating meat during official functions of the Central and Tamil Nadu governments.Justice P Jyothimani and Justice S Vimala, dismissing the PIL filed by E Ramalakshmi, said \"there is no doubt vegetarianism as propagated by Vallalar (a saint) and as raised by the petitioner is laudable since nobody has got the right to kill any life. However, one cannot impose restrictions on any person in respect of eating and food habits including the government functions.\"The petitioner had sent a representation to the Union and the state governments to avoid killing creatures for sake of meat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943742", "title": "Cancer surgeon gets a reprieve", "text": "MUMBAI: In a reprieve to eminent cancer surgeon Dr P B Desai, the Bombay high court recently suspended his convicton in a case of alleged medical negligence for which a magistrate held him guilty last July. The HC admitted a criminal revision application filed by the 78-year-old Padma Shri awardee who had challenged his conviction and sentence in a case that dates back 23 years filed by a retired senior bureaucrat P C Singhi. Singhi said he was seeking justice for the death of his wife which followed her treatment and stay at Bombay Hospital where she was admitted as a patient of Dr Desai, a claim disputed by Dr Desai.Justice R Y Ganoo who admitted the plea after hearing Dr Desai's counsel Shirish Gupte stayed the conviction that a sessions court had confirmed this March. The judge said the matter will now \"come up for hearing in the usual course.\" It could take months or even years depending on the backlog of cases said a lawyer.In the meantime, however, the Maharashtra Medical Council on June 2 issued Dr Desai a show-cause notice for suspension of his medical practice licence. The notice issued almost a year after the original conviction order does not take into account the latest HC order said Dr Desai. He said he was unaware of the notice which was sent to him through speed post and had to have it personally collected from the office of the MMC on June 7. He said that the notice was issued based on Singhi's letter dated May 15 to the MMC which was silent on the HC order.Singhi said he was not aware of the stay but knew that Dr Desai had approached the HC. Dr Desai said he would reply to the MMC notice.In his pleadings before the HC the doctor urged that till the final orders are passed, his conviction, which he said was based on \"incorrect evidence\", be stayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945984", "title": "Engineering re-exams for first-year students in mid-June", "text": "MUMBAI: First-year engineering students will have to re-appear for three of their papers.Mumbai University has decided to conduct the re-examinations on June 14, 16 and 18. The decision, taken at the board of examination (BoE) meeting on Friday, follows confirmation by the crime branch of Mumbai Police earlier in the week that the papers had indeed leaked.The papers in question are applied mathematics-II and applied physics-II (for first-year second-semester students), and basic electrical and electronics engineering (BEEE; for ATKT-allowed to keep term-students), and will be held in the same sequence on the aforementioned dates. The time will be as per the previous schedule.A five-point action plan has been initiated by the university after the crime branch's investigation showed loopholes in the examination section. \"Firstly, we are suspending all four teachers arrested in the case so far. We will issue show-cause notices to them, asking them to explain why their approval should not be cancelled. They will be given seven days to respond to the notice,\" said pro-vice-chancellor (PVC) Naresh Chandra.The university, in an official release, expressed regret over the re-examinations, which will be conducted for more than 21,000 students. \"The decision has been taken with a heavy heart, after weighing all consequences. The (university) is sympathetic to all students. We understand that they are being subjected to great inconveniences due to the precarious activities of some teachers,\" the PVC said. A three member committee set up by the university and led by professor Madhu Paranjpe was critical of the compromises that the university made in terms of security in its most sensitive department.The university has now decided to overhaul its examination section. It has decided to undertake several \"capacity-building activities\" for teaching staff of colleges: teachers will be askedto undergo technical and administrative training programmes. The university is also looking at professionalizing the process of conducting examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13938804", "title": "Saina Nehwal eases into Thailand Open semifinals", "text": "HYDERABAD: Saina Nehwal eased into the semifinals of the Thailand Open Grand Prix Gold with a straight-game victory against Sapsiree Taerattanachai of Thailand even as the rest of the Indian squad fell by the wayside in Bangkok on Friday. The Hyderabadi won 21-10, 22-20.All the three Indian men's singles contestants -- Sourabh Verma, Sameer Verma and B Sai Praneeth -- the dust at the last-eight stage. While national champion Sourabh proved no match for Sony Dwi Kuncoro of Indonesia 21-6, 21-8, Sameer lost to Huan Gao of China 21-16, 21-13. Sai Praneeth hardly troubled China's Chen Yueken in his 15-21, 17-21 loss.Saina was off to a fluent start against the local girl as she zoomed to an 8-0 lead. Though Sapsiree secured a few points thereafter, she was not able to halt Saina's surge.In the second game, Sapsiree started on a strong note. She moved to 8-4 in no time before Saina made a brief rally to reduce the margin to 7-8. As the Indian committed a few unforced errors, Sapsiree raced ahead to 12-7 and to 16-8 in two serves. Making a comeback at this stage looked impossible but Saina was in no mood to relent. She first reduced the margin to 12-16 then to 15-17 before catching up with the Thai at 19-19. Saina was again forced to save a game point at 19-20 but the Indian kept her nerve and closed the issue with the help of two straight winners.In the semifinals on Saturday, Saina will face Porntip Buranaprasertsuk of Thailand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13958429", "title": "Book ordinary taxis 24 X 7 on the phone for no extra charges", "text": "MUMBAI: Book a black-and-yellow ordinary taxi or a 'Cool Cab' over the phone without paying any extra service charges.Bookmycab, which arranges for the call-taxi service, operates round-the-clock and is just a call away on 022-61234567, as told by company director Avinash Gupta. \"One can also visit our website www.bookmycab.com or just send an email to our dedicated booking mail id info@bookmycab.com. We will arrange for an ordinary taxi which will pick you up from your doorstep or at any location on the street ,'' he added.Gupta said, \"The cabs are latest models of taxis such as Santros, Eecos, Wagon R and are fitted with GPS and GPRS enabled devices to facilitate live tracking.The cabs have electronic meters which are tamper-proof and have a printer to give you receipt for the payment just like the fleet cabs.''These taxis charge regular RTO (Regional Transport Office) approved fares - Rs 17 minimum for black-and-yellow taxis and Rs 21 basic fare for the Cool Cabs. There is no extra charge for getting the cab at your location. However, in future, the company plans to levy a special charge for the service provided.Bookmycab service is run by LiveMinds Solutions with the approval of the state transport department, he said. \"The idea is to improve the daily commuting experience of citizen in city,'' he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942823", "title": "Midday food set to get better", "text": "PANAJI: The state Government will come out with a comprehensive mechanism within the next three months to maintain the hygiene in kitchens where food is cooked by self-help groups to supply to students under the mid-day meal scheme.Increasing incidents of food poisoning among children after consuming midday meals in the state, the government has extended the contract of self-help groups only for three months till the comprehensive mechanism is put in place.\"The contract is extended only for three months. In the meantime, we are coming out with a comprehensive mechanism through which food poisoning will not take place\", chief minister Manohar Parrikar , speaking to media persons, said.Parrikar also said that the government is setting up 30 to 40 hygienically-maintained kitchens where they will allow self-help groups will to cook midday meals for school children.\"To avoid food poisoning, under expert advice we will set up cluster-kitchens in the next three months\", Parrikar said. There were three incidents in the last academic year in which students complained of food poisoning.The midday meal scheme was launched in Goa from the year 2005-06, providing 1,122 primary school students with cooked food. The scheme was extended to class V to VIII by the directorate of education from the academic year 2009-10 and an additional 88,681 students were covered under the scheme during that academic year. This number went up to 89,588 children in 2010-11.It would be safe to say that no academic year has gone by without the directorate of education receiving an application from parents or school managements over the substandard quality of meals served under the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13956508", "title": "Minor fire at Stanley hospital in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A minor fire broke out at the out-patient block of Stanley Medical College Hospital in Chennai on Saturday morning.Fire and rescue personnel put out the fire within 15 minutes. No one was injured.Hospital staff noticed smoke from one of the air-conditioner units at 10.15am and alerted the hospital superintendent who then called the fire and rescue services. Two fire tenders from Esplanade and Washermanpet rushed to the spot and extinguished the fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940101", "title": "39 nomination papers rejected", "text": "KANPUR: The returning officers rejected the nomination papers of 39 candidates filed for the civic elections slated to be held on June 27.Two nominations of the mayoral candidates and 37 for corporator seats were rejected. During the scrutiny, BJP raised objection over the candidature of Congress candidate Pawan Gupta, which was rejected by the returning officers after seeking his affidavit. The election officer declared the scrutiny result late on Thursday evening. The nomination papers of Sudha Singh of Bharatiya Janata Party for corporator seat from ward number 7 was rejected. She had furnished wrong information in her affidavit.The returning officers checked 1,699 nomination papers on Friday. The papers were rejected on the grounds of the less age, absence of no dues certificate and wrong information in the affidavit. One nomination each was rejected from wards No: 7, 32, 39, 57, 66, 67, 77, 86, 92, 93, 96, 105 and 110. Two nominations were rejected from ward number 33, three from wards number 10, 106, 108 and five from ward number 9.For mayor's seat, nomination papers of Sameer Goel and Praveen Fighter were rejected. Sameer was underage while Praveen had not filed no dues certificate.Meanwhile, the BJP raised objections against Congress candidate Pawan Gupta. His name was registered in ward number one of Cantonment Board. Cantonment Board was out of nagar nigam jurisdiction. His name was registered in serial number 6,551 and his address mentioned as 614 Cantonment. The BJP demanded cancellation of his candidate because Gupta had filed his nomination with another address which comes under the jurisdiction of nagar nigam and his act was against the rules of civic elections.Gupta submitted an affidavit and stated that his one house was in Cantonment. But he was not aware that his name was in Cantonment Board voters list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943289", "title": "Section 144 in Thiruvananthapuram to fight fever", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Perhaps for the first time in the history of the state, prohibitory orders under Section 144 of CrPC have been clamped in the capital in view of the alarming rise in dengue cases. Around 620 dengue cases have been confirmed in Thiruvananthapuram so far. Outbreak of fever has also been reported in 43 wards of the total 100 wards.The order has been issued making use of a legal provision which empowers the collector to impose Section 144 whenever public health is threatened.\"There is every possibility of a plague outbreak like the one in Surat in 1994. The administration can issue prohibitory orders under such grave circumstances. The order comes into force from Friday,\" said collector K N Satheesh.\"It could be even vegetable vendors. Whoever conducts business in public and pollutes the surroundings can be arrested and remanded in judicial custody. We are facing a very serious situation here,\" the collector added. The collector has already directed the authorities to take special note of unauthorised slaughter houses functioning in the city.A special squad will be formed comprising officials of the corporation, police and revenue department. The team will monitor the city and book violators. On Saturday, the collector will convene an emergency meeting of corporation councillors to enforce the order.In the next two days all vendors who have outlets on streets will be alerted about the order.They will be given time to comply with the order, failing which the shops will be shut down and their owners arrested, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944250", "title": "OBC students sprint ahead in UP Board class X examination", "text": "LUCKNOW: OBC students came up trumps in the UP Board class X exams with two of the three toppers coming from the socially backward category. Securing 96.5% marks, both Pooja Yadav and Anna Yadav come from lower income groups. While Pooja's father is a police constable, Anna's family does small time farming in Baraiyya, Suratganj, 30 kilometres from Barabanki. They believe that the backward students can be at par with general category, if they are provided quality education at grass-roots level.Voicing strong views against reservation, Anna said, \"In the caste-based reservation, talent takes a backseat. I feel there should be equal opportunities for everyone. For empowering backward classes, the government should provide basic facilities in rural areas.\" Anna hails from a village, where he has no access to electricity. On the contrary, Pooja feels that reservation is the only way to strengthen the backward students. \"Reservation should definitely be there, when it comes to pursue higher education. It helps in bridging a gap between the affluent and needy.\"Another topper Rishu Verma, who secured 95.6%, also belongs to backward class. Talking to TOI, she said, \"Reservation widens the gap between general and backward class. Providing reservation to backward class gives them a leverage to work less, and the general category students had to put in extra effort,\"In Lucknow, three out of top four students belong to backward class. Sachin Maurya, an OBC who scored 92.8% said, \"Reservation for all who are from backward class is unjust. It should be given to those who are deprived of basic facilities, so that they can match up with other classes.\" Sachin's father is a small-time farmer in Ballia, while his mother is a primary teacher. Two years back, he came to Lucknow in search of good education.Securing 92.3%, Harshit Maurya, said, \"To bridge the gap between the general category students and those belonging to other backward classes, reservation is the only way. It at least ensures that people from backward class have a secured place, be it in education or in a job.\"Another OBC topper, Shraddha Singh Yadav was of the view that reservation spoils the very meaning of competition. \"There is no space for reservation when it comes to showcase talent. I strongly believe that all students should be treated equally without any discrimination between caste, colour, religion,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13943009", "title": "4-member gang attempts to rob cashier at gas station in broad daylight", "text": "COIMBATORE: A four member gang tried to seize Rs 1.27 lakh from the cashier at a fuel station near Periyanaickenpalayam on Friday afternoon, blinding him with chili powder. When he tried to escape, the gang shot him on his left thigh. He has been admitted at the Kovai Medical Center and Hospital in the city.Police said R Palanisamy (55), hailing from Samychettipalayam, was the cashier at Hari Janani &amp; Co fuel station at Kottai Pirivu on the Coimbatore-Mettupalayam highway near Pettathapuram. At the end of the day, he generally traveled to the Indian Overseas Bank in Karamadai to deposit the day's earnings.On Friday, at around 12.30 pm, Palanisamy was on his way to the bank on his bike, carrying Rs 1.27 lakh in a bag, which he kept on top of the fuel tank. When he was nearing Mathampalayam, a four member gang followed him in a white car and waylaid him. When Palanisamy fell off his bike, the gang threw chili powder on him. He managed to hold on to the money bag during the attack, even though he was shot in the thigh. The culprits fled when a few people arrived on the scene. He was rushed to a private hospital.E S Uma, SP, Coimbatore district and other police officials alerted Coimbatore rural and city police and neighbouring police stations to conduct a vehicle check in an attempt to nab the gang. \"The culprits did not wear masks and were bold enough to conduct the crime in broad daylight in a busy area. We have got vital clues and will nab them soon,\" said Uma.\"Fortunately he escaped without any major injuries,\" said K Loganathan, owner of the fuel station.Periyanaickenpalayam police have registered a case and the investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "13944710", "title": "Student designers go the punk way for Delhi show", "text": "Sarabha Nagar: The students of International Institute of Fashion Technology (IIFT), Sarabha Nagar, are all set to display their 'Punk' creations at a fashion show in New Delhi on June 15. They organized a photo shoot of their costumes based on the Punk theme on Thursday.Professional models will walk the ramp at the Delhi show in the costumes designed by 14 students of the institute. Basant Nagar resident and a participating student designer Yogita Sachdeva says eccentric clothing always grabs eyeballs. 'If you want to make a bold fashion statement, there is no better way than punk to do this,' she adds.Sheenu Chopra, another student from Gandhi Nagar says she is waiting with her fingers crossed for the day when their creations will be showcased in front of the audience. 'Dressing up the punk way is so appealing that hardly any one passes by without noticing you,' Sheenu says. Satinder Kaur of Dugri says a punk look can be achieved by a little disregard for combination and with creative alteration.Dugri resident Gurvinder Kaur says accessories and punk hair styles are very important to compliment punk attire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13953278", "title": "Nip these acts in the bud: TOI readers", "text": "KOCHI: Readers of TOI were unanimous in their outrage over recent atrocities perpetrated in the name of morality in Kerala and were unambiguous in demanding that the offenders be dealt with in the most severe form the law allowed.Following stories that appeared in TOI, the state human rights commission had taken note of recent incidents and called for a concerted efforts to rein in religious fundamentalists. Our readers concurred, most of them calling for the goonda Act (the Kerala Anti-Social Activities (Prevention) Act) to be invoked. A few even suggested extreme steps that go beyond the law. All of them were certain that in a state that has embraced modernity in all its manifestations - social, political or cultural - and which prides in its literacy and a range of life affirming parameters, moral policing, which rears its ugly head time and again, has no place. While Vinayak, writing in the web edition, wanted \"culprits to be castrated\", Anamika called for \"strict punishment\" and \"nipping such incidents in the bud\". Utsavi called for bringing \"moral policing under the goonda Act\". while Hemant minced no words and called the moral brigade \" Taliban , who wanted to spread fear in people's heart\".With the state facing a plethora of developmental, social and political challenges, T U James found it \"strange that these people were not interested in safe drinking water, motorable roads\" and the like, while concerning themselves with \"who a man or woman goes out with or what he or she wears\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946073", "title": "Cancer survivor bags Rs 3.5 lakh scholarship", "text": "MUMBAI: Days after TOI reported on May 23 about 16-year-old Gautam Gauba, who battled bone cancer to score 93.2% in his CBSE Class X board exams, a suburban college has offered Rs 3.5 lakh scholarship to him. The amount will not only cover his education expenses in the next two years, but also the cost of IIT-JEE coaching.Last year, T P Bhatia College in Kandivli (W) decided to start a scholarship scheme for 10 deserving students keen on joining the IITs. \"The decision was taken last year, but it was a bit late and so, we couldn't find any student. Gautam is the first one to be awarded this scholarship and we couldn't have offered it to a more deserving student,\" said Sangeeta Srivastava, principal of the college. Gautam has already confirmed his admission to the college in the science stream.Gautam's mother Jyoti Gauba is elated with the news. \"It is a proud moment for all of us. Gautam has worked really hard and attained this feat all by himself.\"Gautam was diagnosed with a rare form of bone cancer when he was in Class X at Ram Ratna Vidya Mandir. He couldn't attend school till December last year, as he had to undergo chemotherapy every 21 days and was rendered too weak to sit through classes. As part of his treatment, he also underwent a surgery that removed the bone of his right arm- from shoulder to elbow - which was replaced by an implant. But he did not allow his ailment come in the way of his studies. Determined to lead a normal life and with support from his mother and twin brother, Gaurav, Gautam soon returned to school. \"He started attending school in January. But since he had missed out on a major part of the syllabus, he could not follow what exactly was being taught in class,\" said Jyoti. \"With permission from school, he stopped going to classes. Instead, he sat in the library and studied on his own.\" When he took the board exams, in spite of his ailment, Gautam did not take help of writers.Currently recovering from the effects of chemotherapy, Gautam has been declared as \"out of danger\" by doctors. He has to go for check-ups every three months to avoid a relapse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946362", "title": "Rail fracture, man's death lead to delays on Central Railway", "text": "MUMBAI: After Thursday's disruptions, there was more trouble in store for Central Railway (CR) passengers on Friday. While a rail fracture triggered disruptions in the morning, the death of a person after climbing a pole led to delays in the evening.Around 7am, S C Barei, the motorman of a CST-Asangaon local, spotted a fracture on the tracks when the train was heading towards Shahad from Kalyan and immediately informed the control room in Mumbai. A team of experts was rushed to the spot from the Kalyan loco shed to fix the problem.While no trains were cancelled, services on the Down line were delayed by 20-30 minutes. The situation became normal after 10.30am, said sources. Some long-distance trains were also delayed. A railway spokesperson said: \"The engineering staff was called in. Some trains had to slow down or stop during this period.\" The problem was fixed by 8am.Divisional railway manager Rahul Jain announced a cash reward of Rs 5,000 for Barei for his prompt action.Hours after the Shahad incident, services were delayed beyond Kalyan for two hours after an unidentified man died after climbing a pole holding the overhead equipment (OHE) wires between Ambivli and Titwala.A GRP official said, \"Around 5.50pm, the motorman of a Kasara-bound local saw a man atop a pole and informed the control room. GRP and RPF personnel immediately rushed to the spot.The security personnel requested the man-suspected to be mentally ill-to come down, but in vain. Fire brigade personnel were then called and attempts made to bring the man down. Officials said as the rescuers tried to reach the man, he tried to jump. In the process, he got strangled by his own shirt, they added. The man was declared dead on admission at a hospital. A CR spokesperson said, \"Services were disrupted till 8pm and trains ran late by 20-30 minutes. Some trains were also cancelled due to the incident.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13940834", "title": "Mudgal takes charge as Yavatmal collector", "text": "Yavatmal: Ashwin Mudgal took the charge of Yavatmal district collector on Friday from outgoing collector Shravan Hardikar who has been shifted to Mumbai as the chief executive officer of national rural livelihood mission. Mudgal was welcomed by the employees of the collectorate today. He held a formal dialogue with his deputy collectors and senior revenue staffers immediately. Later he accompanied the Principal Secretary for Forest Pravin Pardesi to Tippeshwar to present at the function organized for the distribution of cheques of Rs. 2 lakh each to 107 affected families of village tippeshwar.Mudgal was the chief executive officer of Sangli Zilla Parishad.There was lot of heat and dust in connection with the sudden transfer of Hardikar who had assumed the office only a year ago and started many measures for the progress of the district. With Mudgal joining the duty, the speculation over the cancellation of the transfer of Hardikar has been resolved. However, there is observable resentment among the Revenue officers and employees over the sudden transfer of Hardikar from Yavatmal as agaisn the established norm of three year tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13945634", "title": "No bending of immigration rules for VIPs, asserts US", "text": "WASHINGTON: Nearly two months after Bollywood star Shahrukh Khan was detained at a New York airport, the US has said that the VIPs visiting the country will have to go through the immigration procedures like everyone else unless they have diplomatic exemption.\"For VIP arrivals, unless they have some type of, say, diplomatic visa or exemption , everyone would go through the same type of process. We don't want it to be seen as a hassle,\" John Wagner , executive director of US Customs and Border Protection's Office of Field Operations , Admissibility and Passenger Programmes, said.\"We want people to understand the importance of it, and we are keeping people safe and want people to have the confidence that it's safe and secure to come here, and part of those processes is to ensure that,\" he said.\"So we do ask for the public's patience in helping us help them and make sure all those requirements are met,\" Wagner said.On April 13, Shah Rukh Khan was detained at a New York airport for over two hours by immigration officials after he arrived in a private plane to address students at Yale University . Though later the US authorities expressed \"profound\" apology in a letter to the Indian mission in US on the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946760", "title": "Rot behind the facade", "text": "The University of Madras has sought an explanation from 30 officials who were chargesheeted by an internal inquiry committee which went into irregularities in the conduct of BE/ BTech and distance education exams last year, vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam told TOI on Friday.\"We will take a decision within 15 days,\" he said, confirming the TOI report about the case that led to the resignation of registrar-in-charge T Leo Alexander on Thursday. \"The moment I came to know about the matter, the syndicate constituted a committee. Two inquiry reports were submitted,\" he said, referring to the S Karunanidhi and the K Subburaj committees. The vicechancellor said the syndicate and a dedicated committee appointed to investigate the case would analyse the responses from the officials and take immediate action.K Subburaj, who headed the second inquiry committee, said serious action should be taken against them. \"The report is the result of a thorough investigation,\" he said. He, however, refused to go into the details of the report.While Thiruvasagam claimed that Alexander was relieved on his own request to concentrate more on exam duties, sources in the syndicate and the VC's office said Alexander had to go after severe pressure from a large number of syndicate members. Suspension or reprimand awaits another 21 university officials, including Alexander who relinquished the post of registrar on Thursday. Thiruvasagam, who was in Delhi attending a UGC meeting on Friday, said the syndicate was yet to decide on the punishment for these 21 people. \"Syndicate is yet to chargesheet them,\" he said. Thiruvasagam, however, sounded sympathetic towards Alexander. \"He was the one who first reported the irregularities to me. I don't believe he is involved in these malpractices,\" Thiruvasagam said.A syndicate meeting on May 31 decided to invoke section 17(b) (which included suspension and dismissal) of the Tamil Nadu Civil Services (Disputes and Appeal) Rules against seven officials, who were deputed as the exam superintendents, for their involvement in the irregularities. These officials may be dismissed or suspended in a month, sources said. The 23 officials who worked as assistants at the exam camps will be charged under section 17(a) which calls for lesser punishment. Koteswara Prasad, the newly-appointed registrar said the disciplinary action would come as per the rules. \"Since I have taken charge only yesterday, I am yet to go through the files. I can say that no malpractice will be tolerated in this institution,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957447", "title": "Jesy Fox Alan jumps to Kollywood after M'wood", "text": "'The Saint' in Malayalam film 'Pranchiyettan &amp; the Saint' is coming back to the film industry after a gap.The role of saint was played by Australian film actor Jesy Fox Alan. He is coming back through the Tamil film ' Mannar Vallaekuda '. The film is directed by Dhanashekaran.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945294", "title": "Mumbai: 90-day wait for 'okay' to cut trees", "text": "MUMBAI: It's not just un-pruned trees that crash and cause casualties during monsoons that is a matter of concern. There's still a lot to be desired as far as granting of permission by the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) to trim trees in many private housing societies is concerned.Environmentalists said BMC's tree authority takes at least 90 days to grant permission to housing societies, to complete pre-monsoon tree-trimming and cutting.BMC's procrastination is despite the fact that many trees are in a precarious condition and housing societies have offered to trim them with their own money.Venus Co-operative Housing Society in Worli, comprising six buildings and 360 flats, has 30 trees on its premises; of them, 17 are in urgent need of trimming.\"Even street-lights inside and outside the society are obstructed by branches of the overgrown trees. Cars cannot be parked due to the trees. We applied for permission to prevent damage to cars and harm to humans,\" said Rajan Alimchandani, a society resident and an RTI activist.The society was made to go through a rigorous procedure: Application with photographs of trees that need trimming, a no-objection certificate (NOC) from the property owner and a diagram of property which marks the situation of the trees.\"By the time we get permission, the tree will fall and damage property. We inform the BMC, but instead of helping us, they put impediments,\" said Alimchandani.An assistant horticulturist has to visit the site and grant permission.\"If the society does not pursue the matter, it takes more than 90 days. But if the society doesn't get a reply (to its application) or permission within 60 days, it can go ahead with the pruning. Most are unaware of the provision,\" said Dr Nilesh Baxi, tree authority member.Under the BMC Act 1881, the civic body cannot prune trees on society premises, but can survey the premises and order the owners to trim themUnder pressure after many deaths due to tree crashes during the previous two monsoons, the BMC hacked 340 dead and dangerous trees and trimmed 11,629 before May 31.Times ViewOur government agencies' lack of monsoon-preparedness every year has an air of inevitability. Citizens across the city as well as experts have repeatedly pointed out where these agencies have been going wrong but several fundamentals of monsoon-readiness, like a smooth system to collect garbage or repair important bridges in time, are not in place. Babu-ish reliance on form and adherence to rules, without taking into account the situation on the ground, worsens matters (as in the case of the delay in tree-trimming). This combination of lethargy and red tape can prove disastrous during the monsoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13948336", "title": "Kennel Club will hand out pedigrees to Mysore pets", "text": "MYSORE: Mysore's pedigreed pets can now trot with their noses in the air. For they are to get microchips and unique 15-digit identification numbers by the Kennel Club of India, which has arrived in Mysore to register pure breeds.Dog lovers who own pedigreed dogs aged six months and more can register their pets with the Kennel Club, and get a certificate authenticating the breed. The club is affiliated to the Kennel Club, London. Mysore Kennel Club, which has now shifted to Bangalore, was started in 1932 by Jayachamarajendra Wadiyar.Dr DP Jayaramaiah, honorary secretary, Mysore Kennel Club, Bangalore, said dogs which are six months old, and have not been registered earlier are eligible. Besides, the ones with physical deformities like short jaws, and bowed and twisted front legs are left out of this elite club.Once registered, the club brands the pet as pedigreed and inserts a microchip, which helps its owner identify the pedigree and also trace it if it's lost or stolen, Jayaramaiah adds.The club charges a nominal fee of Rs 400 for registration of dogs. \"Registration of a pedigree dog adds market value to the pet, its demand goes up, but registration can be cancelled if the owner breaks the rules,\" he said. and the to pet and same can be cancelled if owner disobey rules\" he said.Pups of pedigree dogs are also considered pure breeds and have to be registered with the club within 60 days of birth, he explained. Owners can also get their pets insured with 4%-5% premium cover, and are given a certificate if they are to be exported or imported.Demand for breedsPet lovers in Mysore are now showing an inclination to acquire pure breed pets, while earlier, crossbreeds were man's best friends. Dog show convener and Mysore Pet Club member P Shashi Kumar said that two years ago, there were 20 St Bernards, but the count is now 80. More than 280 pure breed dogs from the city are registered with the club. German Shepherds, Golden Retrievers, Saint Bernards, pugs and the local Mudhol breed are the most common pets to be registered, he added.The city is also home to a Newfoundland, a giant breed which weighs more than 80kg and costs around Rs 3 lakh.Only registered dogs are allowed to march into All India Championship Show, which will be held on August 26 in Mysore. Pets from across country are expected to participate in the show.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13947549", "title": "Harike 'unsafe' for wildlife staff, says sanctuary DFO", "text": "Chandigarh: The renowned Harike wildlife sanctuary may no longer be \"safe\" wither for rare migratory birds or those entrusted with its protection. A letter to the ADGP, security, Punjab Police, highlights the inability of unarmed staff of the forests and wildlife preservation department to protect themselves from the danger to life and limbs posed by the land mafia and poachers there.The letter seeks the intervention of ADGP to secure police protection to staff so that they can undertake wildlife conservation work.Two days after three wildlife officials were injured and three others, including Constable Resham Singh, suffered minor injuries in an attack by land mafia, backed by nomads, DFO (wildlife) at Harike, Sanjeev Tiwari, has written to the ADGP stating, \"In the absence of proper police protection, attacks by land mafia have increased. Whenever the range in-charge or field staff try to prevent encroachment of sanctuary land, they are given threats. Since the staff does not have weapons, it is not possible to take action against poachers and land mafia. When the field staff tried to stop the Gujjars from encroaching, the latter attacked the field staff.''Nearly 1,000 acres of Harike have come under threat from land mafia as there are only two policemen on duty at Harike. In fact, on June 4, 2012, when Resham Singh accompanied the wildlife staff to check the land mafia, he did not take his rifle along and declared that he was not authorised to fire.Tiwari's letter points out that from 2001-2009, five cops each from police districts of Ferozepur, Tarn Taran and Kapurthala were deputed at Harike. However, after 2010, only two cops from Tarn Taran were made available to Harike. \"You are requested to restore the police force and direct the SSPs of Tarn Taran, Ferozepur and Kapurthala,'' wrote Tiwari, with a copy of the letter marked to chief wildife warden, Dhirendra K Singh.The attack on June 4 is the third major assault on wildlife staff at Harike. The most brutal attack took place on March 5, 2001, when elements of land mafia and fish poachers opened fire on a patrol party on a motorboat. Many of the staff were injured, including Ajit Singh, who suffered permanent disability due to a bullet fired from a .315 bore rifle. Again, on February 2, 2011, a posse of wildlife staff had impounded a boat and motorcycle of the land mafia at Kot Kemp Khan on Satluj river.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958260", "title": "Robert De Niro's apartment gets charred", "text": "One of Robert De Niro's Upper West Side apartments caught fire on Friday afternoon, and the cause has been found to be a clothing dryer malfunction.According to officials, the fire inside 88 Central Park West broke out at about 2 pm, and it took the Fire Department of the City of New York less than an hour to extinguish, the New York Daily News reported.FDNY Battalion Chief Mike Meyers said that the emergency within the luxurious Brentmore building happened due to a clothing dryer malfunction and left behind fire, water and smoke damage.Records show that De Niro owns two units in the pricey building, but it's unclear if he and his wife Grace Hightower live in the now-charred flat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13959646", "title": "Microsoft launches teaching tools for schools", "text": "KOLKATA: Though teaching kids through multimedia teaching is the order of the day, schools are still not being able to implement it properly and capture the attention of the entire class.The age old ratio of 5% of the class being brilliant, the next 20% being above average, the next 40% being average and the remaining below average has not been bettered despite the fact that several human intelligence surveys proving have shown that only the bottom 5% of any given classroom is beyond help. The remaining can all be made to perform above par with the help of multimedia teaching.There are several schools in the city that have already started using multimedia tools for teaching. But little is done other than beyond making the class go through audio visual topics on smart boards, there is little else that is happening at the moment . Instead of reading out from the text book, the teacher just lets her students go through the topic on the screen. In most cases, the topics are designed by software professionals abroad and do not take the Indian context into consideration.Naturally, it catches the attention of the top students, while the remaining just get bored. Most of what is discussed, does generate interest among the top students as is natural, but fails to catch the attention of the remaining students, who are just as bored.In order to break away from this mould, Microsoft - the world's leading software solutions provider - has come forward to help schools improve the quality of teaching-learning as part of its corporate social responsibility.It has designed several subject-wise teaching tools suited to the English medium syllabi taught in the national school boards - the CBSE and the ICSE or ISC.Also, this bouquet of software is completely free and can be downloaded from the web by schools for use in the classrooms. On Saturday, Microsoft India has invited principals of the top ICSE and CBSE schools for a workshop at La Martiniere for Girls to generate awareness about these tools and how they can be used in the classrooms.\"What is different about these multimedia lessons is that they are also interactive. For instance, a teacher just cannot play a chapter on the 1757 Battle of Plassey and sit quietly. The tool will work only when she fills in the gap through her lectures and every lesson is planned in that way. Interestingly, self training kits are also provided for teachers of respective subjects that are absolutely necessary if the tools are to be used,\" explained Richa Bhatia, the training co-ordinator of the project.Among the school principals who will participate in the workshop are, Loren Mirza of La Martiniere for Girls, TH Ireland of St James School, Rita Chatterjee of Apeejay Hogh School,Sharmila Bose of Birla High School for Girls, Usha Mehta of BD Memorial Girls High School,Mukta Nain of Birla High School for Boys and Malini Bhagat of Mahadevi Birla Girls HS School.\"Most principals who are participating are extremely senior and have been in the profession for years. In all these years, a lot of change has taken place in come into the field of education, especially when it comes to IT-related educational tools. Principals need to be oriented towards this so that they can implement the right tools that will help to improve the standard of the students,\" said Loren Mirza, principal of La Martiniere for Girls.\"There is no credit in the top 10% of the class scoring beyond 90%. If 80% of the class scores above 80%, therein lies the credit of the teacher. That is possible only through proper use of the multimedia because chalk and talk is essentially boring and cannot attract the average student,\" said Mukta Nain.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "alwar/jaipur", "code": "13941930", "title": "SC notice to Rajasthan on illegal mining", "text": "ALWAR/JAIPUR: The Supreme Court on Friday issued notices to the state government on a petition alleging that despite a ban, illegal mining was continuing in Alwar district.A vacation bench of Justice S Radhakrishnan and Justice J S Khehar issued the notices on a petition filed by an NGO, Society for Awareness and Development, which said that despite two bans imposed in 2005 and 2010, illegal mining was continuing unabated in 11 villages of Tijara and Bhiwadi tehsils.The NGO said that the state authorities had turned a blind eye to rampant illegal mining, resulting in the death of labourers in some places. They also referred to May 18 newspaper reports saying 10 labourers were trapped in the debris during illegal mining in Alwar's Choharpur village.The court directed the matter to be posted before the forest bench after summer vacation. The NGO alleged that illegal mining was not only depleting the forest cover but also eroding the Aravali ranges.Meanwhile, in Alwar district, police and the district administration claimed to have started a campaign against illegal mining. But they were yet to arrest anyone involved in mining. So far, they were able to seize just some equipment used in mining.\"We have seized six earth movers, 40 dumpers, two drilling machines, two power generators and other equipment,\" said Umesh Chand Dutta, superintendent of police, Alwar.He claimed that police have identified at least 36 people who would be be arrested. \"We will certainly make arrests,\" he said. On Friday 77 cartons of explosives have also been seized from various regions in Alwar.The local people residing in Tapukada and Behor villages have been protesting against illegal mining and had submitted memorandum to the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13945861", "title": "Education free, but what about accessories?", "text": "BANGALORE: When Mohsina Begum, a mother of three, was told about the Right to Free and Compulsory Education (RTE), her joy knew no bounds. Already burdened with the responsibility of educating two children, Mohsina was finding it difficult to get her third child admitted in a school.\"I was paying the tuition fee for two children and was left with no money to invest in my third child. Then I was told about RTE and free education to Economically Weaker Section (EWS),\" says Mohsina, who appears to have hit a roadblock despite RTE being in place. \"I was elated that my child can study now as education is free. I went to the New Citizen School in Kushalnagar and filled up the application form. Everything was going well, till yesterday, when the school demanded Rs 3,705 for the textbooks and the school uniform. I have hit a roadblock once again. The maximum that I can arrange for right now is Rs 1,000. If the school does not agree, I will have to pull my child out,'' says Mohsina.There are many like Mohsina, who are disappointed. According to Mohsina, eight families went ahead with the process of admission under the Act, but are now planning to give up, looking at the huge sum being asked for textbooks and uniforms. \"Most of the schools are charging exorbitant amount for textbooks and school uniforms.Some say, they are planning to get imported material to be stitched, while some claim that since they have placed the orders a year ago, they can't reduce the charges. Whatever the reason, many poor families are all set to opt out,\" says Yasir Mohammed, a social worker, who has been facilitating the admissions under RTE.WHAT SCHOOLS SAYIn the absence of guidelines on the maximum amount that can be charged for textbooks and uniforms from poor children, schools have fixed different amounts. Some are charging for the computer sessions and smart classes as well.\"We are charging Rs 2,000, excluding textbooks and stationery. We are already running on very minimum charges and cannot dip beyond this point. The amount should be anywhere near Rs 3,000, including textbooks. We will not be able to help poor children here,\" says Salma Khatoon, principal, Excellent School. Many schools say that although they are charging money for accessories, parents are fee to go out and buy on their own. \"We are charging around Rs 2,000. But we are also giving parents the option of purchasing from outside,\" says Ashraf Ulla Khan, principal, New Citizen School in Khushalnagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13938746", "title": "CBI to grill Jaganmohan Reddy for 2 more days", "text": "HYDERABAD: Justice B Chandra Kumar of the AP high court on Friday gave the CBI custody of Jagan for two more days. The CBI, which was earlier given five-day custody of Jagan, had sought to quiz him for three more days on the grounds that it had secured valuable depositions from some witnesses in the case and wanted to confront the accused with the same. Now Jagan will be quizzed by CBI on June 9 and 10.However, while granting the two-day custody of Jagan, the judge made some critical remarks on the way the CBI was dealing with the case. \"What is that you have done for the last ten months? What can you achieve in two more days what has not been achieved in 10 months of investigation and five days of police custody?\" In response, senior counsel Ashok Bhan appearing for the CBI said that the threads of the conspiracy had now been detected abroad and that Jagan was being evasive and trying to pass the buck. The agency has new material with which to confront him, he argued.When the CBI counsel said that Jagan had used his father's name and amassed wealth, the judge cut that short by saying that 'do not enter into all that' and pointedly asked the CBI counsel about the special circumstances that warranted three more days of custody. Ashok Bhan said that there were certain documents to be shown to the accused. He said that some persons have deposed on this issue and these depositions need to be cross-checked. When the counsel said Jagan was being clever, the judge remarked that every one is clever. Ashok Bhan reminded the judge that in the remand order passed by the court, the judge had felt that in-depth inquiry is needed to unearth ill-gotten money of poor people.C Padmanabha Reddy, senior advocate appearing for Jagan, said that these are sweeping remarks and raised the question on the maintainability of the petition.C Padmanabha Reddy contended that the petition filed for custody was already disposed of and that the present petition amounts to reviewing the earlier order and, therefore, not maintainable. The judge took into consideration the plea of the CBI that new material has come to light and the need to confront Jagan with this and granted two days of his custody. Jagan will be questioned from 10.30 am to 5 pm in the presence of two advocates.Earlier in the day, the trial court judge spoke to Jagan via video conference and enquired whether he faced any difficulties at the hands of CBI sleuths. Jagan made no complaints against the CBI. The judge directed the jail authorities to produce him in court on June 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13943063", "title": "A hassle-free 7km stretch on Avinashi Road soon", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city police plans to launch the Green Corridor project from the end of this month, whereby residents can experience hassle-free driving, without having to stop at any traffic signal if driving at a fixed speed limit. The project will be implemented from Avinashi Road rail over bridge to SITRA.\"The fixed speed will be 45km per hour across the green corridor stretch. The project will be launched by the end of the month,\" said T Senthilkumar, Deputy Commissioner of Police, Coimbatore city. Those who drive from the Avinashi road rail over bridge at a speed of 45 km per hour can crisscross all the signals in 20 minutes. Police officials plan to conduct a test drive on the stretch some time after June 20.\"Motorists have to cross 12 signals before completing the 7 km stretch, waiting at each signal for at least two minutes. The green corridor is going to provide a hassle free journey,\" said Senthilkumar.The traffic police are in the process of resetting the timer at traffic signals on Avinashi road. Only two traffic signals work with the help of solar energy while the others are powered by electricity. According to sources, if the power cuts continue, police cannot implement the project successfully, unless all signals are solar powered.Police officials plan to stop vehicle movement for 15 seconds on the stretch at Lakshmi Mills signal. \"It is not possible to stop the entire vehicle movement on the stretch after implementing the project. If we want to conduct a vehicle check, we need to stop vehicles at any one of the signals. So, we plan to stop vehicles for 15 seconds at Lakshmi mills signal,\" said a senior police officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13939247", "title": "Suspected encephalitis toll up to 36 in Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Suspected encephalitis is going out of control of the local doctors as the mysterious disease took the lives of five more children - three at SKMCH and two at Kejriwal Hospital - here on Friday, bringing the total number of deaths to 36 so far.Fourteen new patients were admitted to the hospitals on Friday, including 11 at Kejriwal Hospital and three at SKMCH, Muzaffarpur. At present, 31 children are still under treatment. Twenty eight of them have been admitted to Kejriwal Hospital. The condition of 14 of them was stated to be serious.The treatment of all the children is mainly done by sponging of the patients for controlling fever and using antibiotics and oxygen. Anti-viral drugs are no longer being used by any doctor as per the government order.Muzaffarpur Civil Surgeon Dr Gyan Bhushan told TOI on Friday said there is no drug for controlling any viral disease except for Herpes. Therefore, the doctors have to control the fever by sponging the patient first. Convulsion can be controlled by the use of medicines like diazepam. As the hot and humid weather exacerbates the condition, parents are advised to save their children from exposure to heat. He advised them to ensure that children drink enough water. The disease does not give much time to the doctors to treat, but there was no need to panic.However, the civil surgeon claimed that since May 27, 30 children had died due to an undiagnosed disease in the hospitals in Muzaffarpur. Twenty one children died at Kejriwal Hospital and nine at SKMCH, out of 81 admitted so far. The casualty figure may rise, he feared but expressed satisfaction that parents were bringing their affected children to the hospital quickly.Reports reaching here indicate that 13 blocks of Muzaffarpur district are in the grip of suspected encephalitis and, as such, 80% of the patients are from this district alone. Children suffering from high fever, convulsion and unconsciousness are coming from Mehsi and Madhuban blocks of East Champaran district and also from Vaishali, Sitamarhi and Sheohar districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13945163", "title": "'India seeks no intervention in South China Sea\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: India may be further cranking up its bilateral defence and strategic partnership with the US but it neither wants any third-party intervention in the contentious South China Sea, nor anybody to pursue a policy of confrontation with Iran.\"We don't believe in any policy of confrontation in international waters or in the Middle-East,'' said defence minister A K Antony on Friday, two days after he held talks with US secretary of defence Leon Panetta on measures to bolster bilateral defence ties. With the US declaring its new defence strategy to 'rebalance' naval and other forces in the Asia-Pacific, and wanting India to be a 'linchpin' in this pivot, India is trying to strike a balance in the jostling between the US and China in the region.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "memphis", "code": "13957057", "title": "Atwal makes cut, but falls to 52nd at St. Jude Classic", "text": "MEMPHIS: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal (74) suffered a steep fall down the leader-board but managed to make the halfway cut after the second round of the FedEx St. Jude Classic .Atwal, who was tied third after the first round, shot a second round four-over 74 and tumbled to tied 52nd, a fall of 49 places.Starting at the first with a bogey, he had three more on the front-nine -- on fifth, sixth and ninth -- to turn in four-over.Further bogeys on 12th and 14th put him outside the cut-line but back-to-back birdies on 15th and 16th kept him alive for the weekend. He was one-over 141 and the cut came at 142.Meanwhile, Rory McIlroy snapped his string of three straight missed cuts, shooting a five-under 65 to take the lead into the weekend.McIlroy, who defends his US Open title next week at the Olympic Club, birdied three of his final four holes and had an eagle, five birdies and two bogeys to match his lowest PGA Tour round this year.Jeff Maggert , tied for the first-round lead with John Merrick , shot a 68 to match JB Holmes (64) and Kevin Stadler (65) at six-under. Merrick had a 69 to join Chad Campbell (67) and Kevin Kisner (66) at five-under.Davis Love III , the Americans' Ryder Cup captain, had a 68 and was tied with Padraig Harrington (68) at four-under. John Daly birdied his first three holes on his back-nine to get to five-under but finished with a 69 and was at tied at three-under -- making his fourth cut in five events.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13948384", "title": "Tiracol locals all at sea with suspension of ferry services", "text": "Mapusa: Suspension of ferryboat services on Keri-Tiracol route for two days has caused hardships to office goers and students.The ferryboat services on this route were stopped on Thursday and Friday in order to undertake 'urgent stern gear repairs'. There are around 60 houses in Tiracol, and residents rely heavily on this ferry service. The inconvenienced commuters were forced to use the Kiranpani-Aronda ferry route, which increases the distance by eight kilometres. Students schooling in Keri also faced inconvenience on Thursday and Friday.The sarpanch of the Keri village panchayat, Francis Rodrigues, who also lives in Tiracol, said he was not able to attend office because of the suspension of ferryboat services. He demanded that at least one spare ferryboat be made available for the Keri-Tiracol and Kiranpani-Aronda routes, \"so that whenever there is a breakdown on either route the spare ferry can be put in operation so that the people don't have to suffer\".\"This arrangement should be done immediately before the rough weather sets in, otherwise if any breakdown occurs then Tirakhol will be cut off from the rest of Goa,\" Rodrigues said.The sarpanch informed that the Keri parish priest, who is the parochial administrator of the Tiracol church, had to take the Kiranpani-Aronda ferry to officiate at the novena masses for the feast of St Anthony, to be celebrated on June 13.Tiracol villagers fear the worst during the monsoon and have appealed to the river navigation department (RND) to expressly allot an extra ferry.\"The vessel breaks down frequently, causing inconvenience to daily commuters. The government should act immediately,\" said Vishal Kerkar, a villager.When contacted, river navigation minister Ramkrishna 'Sudin' Dhavalikar told TOI that he will provide a spare ferryboat at the earliest on the two routes. \"We are getting two ferryboats - a new one and another that is being repaired, so it will be possible to provide a spare ferryboat. If the weather permits, it will be done now (before the onset of the rough weather), otherwise after the monsoon,\" Dhavalikar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947377", "title": "Hatia contestants woo voters through gastronomic delights", "text": "RANCHI: The way to a man's heart is through his stomach, so says the proverb and is being practised by several political parties in the fray for the Hatia assembly byelection. State BJP spokesperson Prem Mittal alleged that most political parties are arranging meat and rice party for villagers to seek their votes.Several first information reports (FIR) have also been lodged against leaders accusing them of throwing such meat and rice parties. One such FIR was lodged, with Ratu police station, by returning officer Shekhar Jamuar against Congress candidate Sunil Sahay. A similar FIR was lodged with Jagannathpur police station against Congress legislator K N Tripathi who was accused of arranging such a party to woo voters in favour of party candidate Sunil Kumar Sahay.\"Nothing influences hungry villagers like food and they remain grateful. It is the easiest way to their hearts,\" said Jharkhand Disom Party candidate Giridhari Ram Gaunjhu echoing the age-old proverb.\"Independent candidates and those belonging to none-descript political parties are also holding such feasts. However, no one takes note of these because such feasts are held on a smaller scale,\" said state Congress spokesperson Saliesh Sinha.\"Complaints of meat and rice party for villagers and even party workers in the city have been numerous,\" said returning officer Jamuar.JVM-P senior leader and state spokesperson Saba Ahmad said: \"Almost all political parties excluding ours are throwing such feasts. After FIRs were lodged against Congress leaders, political parties have toned down such feasts. Now, such meat and rice feasts are being offered to villagers on a smaller scale away from the eye of media and police.\"Another politician said the Election Commission has poor knowledge of what goes down in rural areas. At Pandu Toli in Nagri block, about 35 km from here, a regional political party had allegedly thrown a small meat and rice feast on Tuesday night. \"Around 50 villagers had taken part in it. As it is a remote area no police or district administration officer arrived to take note,\" said a villager on condition of anonymity.Ajsu party spokesperson D S Bhagat, who claimed that his party had never organized such feasts, said: \"Those who want to enjoy meat and rice for a day should vote for other parties. But those who do not want to go hungry for the next two years should vote judiciously.\"Ajsu has opened 35 offices to coordinate electioneering in the 400 booths of the Hatia assembly constituency. Congress, BJP, JVM and other smaller parties have also opened dozens of offices. \"In or around several such offices you can find feasting going on every evening,\" said Bhagat.A Congress spokesperson said: \"Our candidate has never offered any party. There are few well-wishers (of our candidate) who had organized feasts for some party workers.\"In 2010, the Hatia assembly seat had fallen vacant after the death of Congress MLA Gopal Sharan Nath Shahdeo. The election is scheduled for June 12. A total of 29 candidates are in the fray.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946524", "title": "Norms on age of school bus, emergency exit relaxed", "text": "MUMBAI: Some of the provisions in the school bus policy are set to be relaxed.In an apparent bid to make peace with school bus operators, the state transport department has proposed to alter the age limit of school buses. It has also proposed to formally do away with the need for an additional emergency exit.According to a proposal sent to the state government, the department has proposed that a universal age limit of 15 years be fixed for school buses plying in Mumbai. In the original provision, this limit varied from eight years for diesel-run buses to 15 years for CNG-run vehicles.The age bar has also been raised for buses plying outside Mumbai from 15 to 20 years. In this case, the transport department has said the modified norm will apply to buses that are owned by a school and used only to ferry students.Following objections by the school bus operators' association, the government has also decided to waive the requirement for an additional emergency exit.The department has, however, not accepted the association's demand for withdrawal of the condition on speed governors. Fixing the speed limit at 40kmph, the department has decided to retain the provision, making it mandatory for all school buses and some other vehicles to be fitted with speed governors. The provision has been insisted upon to curb fatal accidents in the state.The age limit would come into effect from May 1, 2013. The state had proposed to implement the speed governor norm from this year itself. The proposal for modification of the provisions is now under consideration before chief minister Prithviraj Chavan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957851", "title": "Robin and Maurice reunited in heaven: Barry Gibb", "text": "'Bee Gee' member Barry Gibb paid a touching tribute to his brother Robin's \"magnificent mind and his beautiful heart\" at his funeral - saying that he had finally been reunited with his twin brother Maurice.The sole surviving member of the trio spoke out about his regret at arguing with Robin right up to the star's death.\"Life is too short. In Robin's case, absolutely too short,\" the Telegraph quoted him as telling the congregation.The 65-year-old spoke of his brother's \"sharp, intuitive wit\" before hinting at recent tensions between the two of them.\"God knows how much we argued,\" he said.\"Right up to the end we found conflict with each other, which now means nothing. It just means nothing,\" he said.He urged mourners at St Mary's Church in Thame, Oxfordshire to get rid of the conflicts in their lives.\"If there's conflict in your lives - get rid of it,\" he said.He said Robin, 62, who died from kidney failure last month after fighting cancer and pneumonia, had finally been reunited with his twin.Barry recalled the decade of separation endured by Robin since Maurice died in 2003.\"When you're twins, you're twins for life,\" he said.\"You go through every emotion. And they're finally together. I think the greatest pain for Robin in the past 10 years was losing his twin brother, and I think it did all kinds of things to him,\" he said.Hundreds of mourners wept as Robin's ornate white coffin entered the church to the sound of the Bee Gees' hit 'How Deep Is Your Love'.Barry and the vicar leading the service, the Reverend Alan Garratt, walked up the aisle ahead of it as a round of spontaneous applause broke out from well-wishers standing outside the church.Close relatives, including Robin's widow, Dwina, and his mother followed behind.Robin's young daughter Snow, whose mother is a former housekeeper of his, did not attend the service - but was mentioned by Barry at the end of his eulogy as \"little Snow\" in a list of close family members.Barry paid tribute to his brother's \"magnificent mind and his beautiful heart\".Minutes after the funeral cortege had picked its way through the streets of his brother's adoptive town, he told mourners: \"Life is too short; in Robin's case, absolutely too short.\"We should have had 20 years, 30 years of his magnificent mind and his beautiful heart ,\" he said.Referring to Maurice, he said, \"They were both beautiful. And now they're together. They're actually together.\"The Gibbs' elderly mother, Barbara, was too distraught to remain in the church as Barry delivered his eulogy.\"This is a very strange experience, having already lost two brothers and now Rob. I think there are an awful lot of things happening right now that maybe you won't be aware of. And one is how many people came on such a terrible day. It is staggering,\" he said\"So many people loved this boy, so many illustrious people are here that loved him. And that is such a pleasure to witness.\"The three of us have seen a lot of crowds but I've never seen so much love in one crowd as I'm looking at today - for Rob , you know, for the music. And it's an intense experience for me. I think it's an experience none of us will forget. We will keep him in our hearts and minds forever,\" he added.Hundreds of Bee Gees fans lined the streets to bid the singer a final, tearful farewell.The white, glass-sided carriage bearing his coffin was pulled through the throng by four plumed, black Friesian horses.Each wore a decorative black cloth emblazoned with a gold treble clef in honour of a career steeped in musical folklore.Ahead of the horses were a lone piper, behind them relatives and friends , and finally, Gibb's beloved Irish Wolfhounds, Ollie and Missy.It had been the singer's final wish to \"say a final goodbye to fans and his home town of Thame\", and he did so in typically flamboyant style.Gibb's widow, Dwina, was at the head of the cortege, together with his mother.Barry's son, Stevie, and Dwina's son, Steven Murphy, joined the singer's sons, RJ and Spencer, as pallbearers.Mourners included Sir Tim Rice , Uri Geller , Peter Andre and the DJ Mike Read.During the service Dwina read a poem 'My Songbird Has Flown'.It included the words: \"My songbird has flown and my soul sighs - but he will never go away.\"The poem was followed by a recording of Don't Cry Alone - one of Robin's last compositions, from his Titanic Requiem , which premiered just weeks before his death.Guests left the church to the sound of the Bee Gees' song I Started A Joke, which includes the line \"I finally died, which started the whole world living\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13947661", "title": "Engineer hacks into girl's FB profile; two booked", "text": "BATHINDA: A software engineer allegedly hacked into a girl's Facebook profile, stole pictures, and uploaded morphed objectionable slides to YouTube. A case has been registered against the accused, Davinder Singh of Mithu Basti in Jalandhar, and his friend Aman of Bathinda. Police officers said Davinder was the victim's close friend and had proposed to her. The girl rejected Davinder's proposal and he, infuriated, logged in her social networking profile as he knew the password. His friend Aman uploaded the doctored slides to YouTube.Following a complaint from her father, the two youths were booked under sections 420, 467, 468, 471 of the IPC and Section 67 A of the information technology Act. SHO Jagpal Singh of P S Kotwali police station said Davinder recently cleared the software engineering diploma and frequented Bathinda to meet the girl, and got to know of her Facebook password.\"They had been friends for three to four months and he wanted to marry the girl. On being denied, he planned a revenge on her and misused technology,\" the SHO explained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13942151", "title": "Rajya Sabha MP\u2019s son caught impersonating at Jamia Millia Islamia", "text": "NEW DELHI: The son of a Rajya Sabha member from Uttar Pradesh was caught for impersonation at Jamia Millia Islamia on Thursday. The boy has been handed over to the Jamia Nagar police for further investigation.According to the university administration, the boy had applied for two courses \u2014 social science group I and group III \u2014 in the faculty of humanities and languages. He took the first exam on Wednesday.Before he sat for the second entrance, the dean of the faculty of social science found that the photographs in the admission forms submitted by him for both the exams didn't match his face, which, according to the authorities, is a clear case of impersonation.\"We click photographs of candidates when they come for entrance exams and cross check them with those pasted in the admission forms. The dean alerted us after noticing the discrepancy in photographs. We immediately handed over the candidate and the documents to the police for further action,\" said proctor of Jamia, Masood Alam.Jamia Nagar police confirmed having received a complaint of impersonation from the university. Since the student is a minor, the case will be dealt under the provision of Juvenile Justice Board, said a police source.In two years, the university has introduced strict measures like fingerprinting, taking photographs of students who come for the entrance exam and verifying them with those submitted with the original forms to detect cases of impersonation.In the last two years, the university has caught over a dozen students for cases of impersonation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaisalmer", "code": "13942892", "title": "Two kids drown in pit at Pokhran", "text": "JAISALMER: Two cousins drowned in a pit full of water near Pokhran sub division in Jaisalmer district on Wednesday night. Both were residents of Ugras village of Phalodi tehsil.According to the police, Bebo (12), daughter of one Chandan Singh and Rawal Singh (10), son of one Bhom Singh, both residents of Ugras village, were playing outside their house. In the meantime, Rawal Singh fell into a deep pit which was full of water and Bebo jumped into the pit to save Rawal. But both could not come out of the pit and they drowned. When they did not reach home, the family went in search of them and found their bodies in the pit.Later, the bodies were taken out and brought to the health centre where doctors confirmed the death.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943418", "title": "Kerala University: Last date for degree online registration", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The online registration for the degree admissions in colleges and university institute of technologies under the Kerala University will end at 5 pm on June 9.Applications invited: Applications have been invited for the certificate in nursing administration course offered by the Centre for Adult Continuing Education and Extension of the Kerala University. Anyone with a diploma in general nursing and a registration by any state nursing council can apply for the six month course. The course fee is Rs 5, 000.Applications have also been invited for the certificate in ayurveda massier and panchakarma assistant course offered by the Centre for Adult Continuing Education and Extension. Those who have passed plus-two or pre-degree can apply for this course.Application forms for the aforementioned courses can be availed by producing a receipt by remitting Rs 100 in the SBT branch at the university campus in the account number 57002299878 or by a demand draft of Rs 110 in the name of Director, CACEE, payable at Trivandrum. For getting the application form in post, the applicant should apply with a self-addressed cover with a five rupee stamp to Director, CACEE, Kerala University, Vikas Bhavan P O, PMG, Thiruvananthapuram-33. The filled in application forms should reach before June 20. For details, contact on 0471-2302523.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13942211", "title": "BCom (H) entry tough but prospects bright", "text": "NEW DELHI: BCom (honours) is the most sought-after course in Delhi University and equally elusive too. Offered in 54 colleges, this commerce course opens for admission only at cutoffs higher than 90% in most colleges. And a score not less than 95% should get you a seat on North Campus. The course became almost unreachable last year with Shri Ram College of Commerce announcing 100% cutoff for it. The course also brings with it lucrative career opportunities right after graduation.EligibilityThough BCom (H) is an obvious choice of many commerce students, those from humanities and science streams can also opt for it. However, studying mathematics in Class XII is compulsory to be eligible for the course. Cutoffs for non-commerce students are also higher. For instance, SRCC had announced 96% as the cutoff for commerce students and an unprecedented 100% for others in the first list last year. It did not come out with a second list.Kirori Mal College and Lady Shri Ram College had the highest first cutoffs for BCom (H) in the university last year at 97%. The colleges closed admissions at 95.25% and 95.75%.Thankfully, cutoffs in some off-campus colleges were more reasonable. The first cutoff at Maharaja Agrasen College, Dyal Singh College, Rajdhani College and Acharya Narendra Dev College were 89% for commerce students. The evening colleges in DU had even lower cutoffs for the course, though not less than 80%.ContentBCom (H) switched to the semester mode last year. It is a more specialized course than BCom and has become more rigorous in content and schedule due to semesters. The course includes 27 papers in six semesters. The course begins with four papers in the first semester \u2014 business organization and management, financial accountancy, microecono- mics and business laws.\"BCom (H) curriculum in the semester mode has few more papers on taxation and papers like human resource management and marketing management, which were optional before, have been made compulsory,\" said Renu Agarwal, associate professor, commerce department , SRCC. The course has at least five lectures and one tutorial every week.Road aheadA commerce graduate is quite in demand in campus placements with students in many colleges fetching an average salary of Rs 5 lakh. At SRCC, the average salary offer for the last batch was Rs 10 lakh, with the highest being Rs 30 lakh.Those who want to study further, chartered accountancy is a popular option. Teachers suggest it is better to do CA after BCom (H). Agarwal suggested that pursuing CA with BCom (H) could be a bad idea as the lectures, assignments and regular attendance leave no time to study any other course.Many students prefer taking up managerial positions in finance, taxation, HR and other sectors. \"BCom (H) students can also go for MBA, IAS and a lot of other fields. Students can get good placement offers if they have been performing well in academics as well as extra-curricular activities,\" said Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "vijayawada", "code": "13939238", "title": "Cops rescue medical student from kidnapper", "text": "VIJAYAWADA: A medical student, who was allegedly kidnapped by her car driver here on Friday, was traced at Pamarru late in the evening. She is the daughter of a reputed doctor in the city. The driver is said to have demanded Rs 3 crore as ransom.Final year medical student of NRI Medical College at Mangalagiri, Swetha, 23, was whisked away by the driver, Durgaprasad, in the car while ferrying her back home from the college in the evening.Swetha's family resides at Suryaraopet. Her father Madhusudhana Sarma is a noted ENT specialist.Durgaprasad alias Durga reportedly called up Sarma and demanded Rs 3 crore for the release of his daughter.A final year student of MBBS, Swetha got married to a doctor about six months ago. She is believed to be pregnant. Shocked by the phone call from Durga, the parents rushed to the deputy commissioner of police Ravindrababu and lodged a complaint.Upon information, city police commissioner Madhusudan Reddy alerted the Guntur police and directed them to take up the investigation in coordination with their Vijayawada counterparts.Guntur SP (urban) Ake Ravikrishna swung into action and set up special teams to nab the offender before he could harm the girl.Police, however, are not ruling out the connivance of the girl behind the kidnap.Sources said that Durga had been working with Sarma for long but quit the job about three months ago. However, Sarma is believed to have reemployed Durgaprasad.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kendrapada", "code": "13946596", "title": "Kendrapada weightlifter wins gold in Commonwealth", "text": "KENDRAPADA: Eighteen-year-old Achutananda Sahoo from Manipura in Kendrapada district's Derabishi block on Thursday won a gold medal in the Commonwealth weightlifting championship in Apia, the capital of Samoa.\"Winning the gold medal was a dream come true for me,\" Achutananda, the eldest son of a small farmer, Bairagi Charana Sahoo, said from Apia on Friday.\"Weightlifting was his passion right from childhood. His determination helped him realize his dream,\" Achutananda's proud father said.\"His innate ability, hard work and confidence made him a cut above the rest. His big match temperament also helped,\" said Narayan Chandra Barik, Achutananda's one-time coach.\"At the age of 15, he lifted 140 kg at a village event, which was noticed by his coach, and he advised me to send him to Berhampur for further training,\" his father said.Meanwhile, Achutananda's family is fighting a grim battle with poverty, which is a major stumbling block for the young sportsman. \"Our thatched house in the village is on the verge of collapse. I don't have money to repair it,\" said Premalata, Achutananda's mother.The district administration will felicitate Achutananda after he returns from Apia, Kendrapada collector P K Patnaik said.Last year also, Achutananda had won a gold medal in Commonwealth junior weightlifting championship in Cape Town in South Africa.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946205", "title": "Siblings from housing society held in cop son's killing", "text": "MUMBAI: Two brothers have been arrested as suspects in connection with the murder of Sudhakar Kamble, the son of a policeman, in his housing society compound at Kandivli (East) on Thursday. Also sons of a retired policeman, Swapnil (25) and Chetan Yadav (22) are the Kambles' neighbour in the same housing society in Thakur Complex.\"Swapnil and Chetan were picked up after Sudhakar's father, Shankar, specifically them as suspects. Around a year-and-a-half ago, the Yadav brothers were accused of assaulting Sudhakar,\" a police official said. The two's family members are, however, outraged by the policed action and called it \"arbitrary\".Around 7.30am on Thursday, Sudhakar's body, with both his hands broken, was found behind building 28 in the housing complex. A post-mortem showed that his ribs and liver were also ruptured. \"Swapnil and Chetan have admitted to the police that they met Sudhakar on Wednesday night to wish him for his birthday. We are inquiring if they had a dispute after that,\" the official said. Sudhakar was reportedly last spotted in the housing society around 11.30pm on Wednesday.The police will scrutinize Swapnil and Chetan's mobile records to find out their whereabouts between Wednesday night and Thursday morning. Chemical analysis of Sudhakar's viscera will also reveal if he was drunk at the time of his death. \"We are yet to establish the sequence of events that led to the death. The nature of his injuries suggests that he could have died of a fall. If he was pushed off has to be investigated,\" the official added.Swapnil and Chetan on Friday was remanded in police custody. Their brother, objecting to the arrest, told TOI, \"The police barged into our apartment and picked up Swapnil and Chetan without any strong evidence against them. They were at home with us on the night of the incident.\" Their father worked as an assistant sub-inspector with the Mumbai police. Sudhakar's father, attached to the MHB Colony police station, holds the same rank .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943310", "title": "Police probe ordered into Panna tiger crisis", "text": "BHOPAL: The state government has ordered a police inquiry into the Panna tiger crisis, wherein more than 35 tigers had vanished from the tiger reserve from 2003 to 2008. The tigers were reportedly poached. According to sources, the IG of Sagar will hold an inquiry.Though there was a demand to order a CBI inquiry, the state government did not recommend one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13948716", "title": "Court issues notice to Gujarat University vice-chancellor", "text": "Ahmedabad: A city sessions court on Friday issued notice to Gujarat University vice-chancellor Parimal Trivedi in connection with an application seeking cancellation of his bail.Trivedi is facing trial in an alleged atrocity case, and complainant Pankaj Shrimali , a faculty at GLS Arts College, has sought cancellation of his bail on the ground of influencing witnesses.Shrimali's counsel Minesh Waghela contended that the only witness in this case, professor Pradeep Prajapati , was facing a departmental inquiry, which was kept pending. However, to build pressure on the witness , the VC has ordered the inquiry to be resumed. This amounts to serious breach of bail condition, whereby the accused was not supposed to tamper with evidence or influence witnesses. Hence, Trivedi's bail should be cancelled , the lawyer submitted.Additional sessions judge D V Zala has asked Trivedi to file his reply by June 19, when further hearing in this case is scheduled.In this case, Shrimali alleged that Trivedi had on May 3, 2008 hurled castiest remarks against him on the university premises. During the initial stage of investigation , all witnesses except senate member Prajapati backed out.After conducting the probe, the Navrangpura police recommended the court to close the case on the ground that the accused was not available - by filing A summary. However, a magisterial court rejected the summary report and directed the police to conduct further probe. After a couple of years, the probe was transferred to the SC/ST Cell. The senior officers even recommended B summary in the case, but finally a chargesheet came to be filed earlier this year.Trivedi was arrested and released on bail immediately by a magisterial court.On the other hand, the police are facing charges of causing inordinate delay of 1,370 days in completing investigation. This is because as per special atrocity laws, the police have to finish probe in such cases within 30 days.The high court questioned police in this regard, and the state government has asked the advocate general to defend police in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942735", "title": "Jaipur Development Authority gears up for railway project land", "text": "JAIPUR: The JDA is getting ready for the much-delayed land acquisition process for constructing the railway over bridge (RoB) in the city.In a review meeting on Friday, the Jaipur development commissioner (JDC), NC Goyal directed the zone commissioners to expedite the acquisition and remove the encroachments hampering the constructing of the four RoBs in the city.After the budget announcement the JDA has to construct four RoBs and a railway underpass (RoB) in the city. The four RoBs will be constructed at Kanakpura Dhankiya; railway crossing number 110, Bassi; railway crossing number 200, Dadi Ka Phatak, Jaipur and Khirni Ka Phatak, Jaipur.Though, the project date for starting the construction has to be announced, the news has come as a relief for the many commuters who are facing traffic jams daily.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940511", "title": "Other cases of security lapse in Yerawada Central Jail", "text": "PUNE: Qateel Siddiqui's murder is not the only case of security lapse at the Yerawada Central Jail. A police sub-inspector, and a gangster died under mysterious circumstances inside the prison.February 23, 2005: Police sub-inspector Pratap Kakade (38), an accused in the multi-crore fake stamp paper scam, died following a \"cardiac arrest\" in the Yerwada jail. The primary post-mortem report had revealed that Kakade had suffered multiple injuries on the neck and chest.Kakade, who was posted at the Nalasopara police station in Thane district, was arrested on October 23, 2003, for \"negligence in stopping the operations\" of alleged kingpin Abdul Karim Telgi . Kakade's relatives had alleged that the death had occurred under suspicious circumstances.June 28, 2009: Gangster Firoz Bengali died in the Sassoon General Hospital. Bengali was lodged in the Yerawada jail in January 2009, after he was arrested for grabbing several properties in Kondhwa. Bengali had slipped into coma on June 23, inside the jail and was admitted to the hospital on June 24, 2009.August 16, 2010: After Balasaheb Pawar (36), a murder convict serving a life term in Yerawada fled from the prison. Pawar had used pipes and a J-shaped hook, made by him at a workshop, to scale the three compound walls of the prison. He used the blade to cut the grills of the window of his barrack and the pipes to scale three high walls on the outside. He got past a fourth wall by widening a hole in it.In 2011, Pawar surrendered before a court in Pune after the Aurangabad bench of the Bombay high court acquitted him from the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13939262", "title": "Election Commission faults Dharmana Prasada Rao's religious remarks", "text": "The Election Commission rapped roads and buildings minister Dharmana Prasada Rao for allegedly making certain religious remarks during campaigning for the June 12 bypolls. The minister had made remarks related to a particular religion on May 7 in the Ramachandrapuram assembly constituency in East Godavari.CEO Bhanwarlal told reporters in the city that the minister was at fault. Meanwhile, unaccounted money continues to be seized in the run-up to byelections. So far, Rs 36.41 crore cash and valuable items like gold and silver worth Rs 10.77 crore have been seized. The amount was more than Rs 38 crore seized during the 2009 elections. The seized items also include 1.90 lakh litres of illicit liquor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13945385", "title": "\u2018Finish electrification work in schools\u2019", "text": "VARANASI: In a divisional review meeting of the development works held on Friday, divisional commissioner Chanchal Kumar Tiwari said, \"all the head of the departments in their respective office will hear public complains from 10-12 am every day except for Tuesday and Sunday.\"During the meeting Tiwari directed the engineers of electricity department to complete the electrification work in 30 per cent of the identified primary schools as fast as possible.He also criticised the crawling construction of school buildings and toilets. Tiwari also directed the officials of electricity department to tackle the technical snags and faults in the power supply.Engineers of electricity department were asked not to switch off their mobile phones when any such fault emerges.During the meeting, officials were also asked to check the monitor and repair the defunct taps and handpumps. While reviewing the plantation works, he laid emphasis on the 100 per cent plantation this year and encouraged plantation in city areas as well.District magisterate (DM) Sameer Verma, DM Jaunpur, Dr Balkar Singh, DM Chandauli, Pawan Kumar, DM Ghazipur, Prabhu Narayan Singh along with many other officials were present in the meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bathinda", "code": "13947719", "title": "Probe ordered into canal breach", "text": "BATHINDA: Water flowing out of a breach in Sarhind canal near Beed Talab village has entered about 1,500 acres of agricultural fields in nearby villages even as Punjab government on Friday ordered an inquiry into the breach and stated that the breach would be plugged by June 9.The inquiry would be conducted by chief engineer, vigilance. Meanwhile, the district administration distanced itself from the affairs on Friday, with only members of Shah Satnam Green Welfare Force and villagers trying hard to fill the breach.Water also entered in about 20 houses of adjoining Naruana and Beed Talab villages, forcing the inmates to take shelter in a nearby dharamshala and school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13941056", "title": "Madurai shops raided for failing to adhere to norms", "text": "MADURAI: In a stern warning to the shopkeepers and owners of trade establishments, officials of the labour department raided shops and trade outlets in Madurai and seized electronic goods, kitchen utensils and food items for failure to adhere to norms in Madurai on Friday.\"We inspected whether the products adhered to norms like declaration of the manufacturing date, maximum retail price and manufacturing addresses on the packs. There were several products that did not have these details depriving the customers of vital information about the products,\" said N Govindan, assistant commissioner of the labour department. Joint commissioner M Radhakrishnan ordered the raids on instructions from the collector Anshul Mishra.The officials seized DVD players, induction stoves, computers, pressure cookers, flasks, bakery items, dates, chocolates, perfumes, chips and also pesticides. The seized products also included imported goods. In all, the seized products were worth Rs five lakh, the officials said. Some of the products also failed to declare the mandatory customer care number, packaged address in case of imported products, batch number, net weight and gross weight.The labour officials had split themselves into three teams comprising 14 inspectors and landed at Kamarajar Road, Anna Nagar, Goripalayam, Nelpettai, Simmakkal, Bibikulam, East Veli Street and Anumanthrayan Temple Street. Out of the 100 odd shops raided, 30 were found to have violated the norms. The raids commenced around 10.30am and continued till 3pm.\"We have slapped a penalty of Rs 2500 each on the violating shop owners. They have been charged under Legal Metrology Act 2009 and Packaged Commodity Rules 2011. All the erring shop owners are first time offenders. We have issued a strict warning to them not to continue the violations. If they are found to violate again they will be prosecuted in a judicial magistrate court,\" Govindan said. The shop owners initially resisted the officials from conducting the inspection, but later budged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13946862", "title": "'Angry' Charles bans invites to NRI", "text": "LONDON: Prince Charles is \"extremely angry\" after his security staff failed to alert him about an Indian-origin man whose presence on the royal barge with Queen Elizabeth on Sunday's river pageant sparked a controversy as it was revealed that he had been previously jailed for sex offences.Harbinder Singh Rana, who was a guest on the Royal Barge for the Queen's Diamond Jubilee celebration apparently at the invitation extended by Prince Charles, would not be receiving any further invites, the Daily Mirror reported on Friday quoting Palace sources.Prince Charles also wanted to know how Rana was able to get so close to him, said the sources. Rana, 52, was jailed in the 1980s for posing as a doctor before women and performing internal examinations and administering injections.Rana is the 'honorary director' of Anglo-Sikh Heritage Trail, a charity outfit whose aim is to promote \"a greater awareness of the shared heritage between Sikhs and Britain\".One insider said, \"Charles is angry that he has been put in a position where he has had close contact with a convicted sex offender on more than a few occasions. He is determined to know how such a situation could have arisen. Had he known about Rana's criminal record, he would never have been invited on the Royal Barge.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "13948520", "title": "One missing as trawler capsizes off Baina", "text": "Vasco: One person went missing and two others were rescued when a fishing trawler in which they were sailing capsized off the Baina shoreline early Friday morning.The trawler named Shri Rameshwar Prasan, owned by Narayan Duri from Vaddem, Vasco, had left the shore for fishing at about 6.30am.Mormugao police received a call informing them about the trawler capsizing at about 7.30am. According to statements recorded, when the trawler reached near the Japanese garden beach it was hit by a huge wave turning it upside down.While Jaffar Shaikh, 70, from Kattem Baina and Philip Salvador, 49, from Khariawada, were rescued by another trawler, Pandurang Govind Mesta, 45, from Sada, went missing along with the trawler. Mormugao police with the help of the coastal police have launched a search operation for the missing person.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "railway colony", "code": "13944999", "title": "Vikas keeps his promise, lifts gold", "text": "Railway Colony: Before leaving for the Commonwealth Weightlifting Championship, going on in Apia, Samoa. Vikas Thakur told TOI he was confident of returning to the city with a medal. The mighty weightlifter not only won a medal but ensured it was a gold for India in the 77kg junior category.The Indian weightlifters have been putting up a good show at Samoa clinching many medals. His family, delighted with their son's success, is hopeful he would continue performing this way even in the senior category.Vikas's father Brij Lal Thakur, who was in Srinagar, Jammu and Kashmir , when he got the news about his son's victory on Thursday, says it was a memorable moment when he spoke to his son. ''We spoke before he left for Samoa and I had motivated him a lot. His medal has brought along a wonderful feeling,'' says Thakur.Himself a state level volleyball player, Thakur's desire was to see his son bring laurels to the country.A railway employee now, Thakur wanted his son to take up an individual sport rather than a team sport and initially sent him to train in wrestling. But, the boy's calling was weightlifting, and that is what he ended up practising professionally when he was 8 at the weightlifting club in Rakh Bagh.This is not the first medal Vikas has won in an international event. He had earlier won a silver medal each in the Junior Asian Weightlifting Championship in Pattaya, Thailand and Commonwealth Weightlifting Championship in Cape Town , South Africa , in 2011.Thakur says the state government should uplift the morale of weightlifters of the state by providing them a secure future.''I am proud of my son as he is defeating the world with his calibre and determination,'' says Vikas's mother Asha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945811", "title": "TYBCom students anxious as names missing from result list", "text": "MUMBAI: Several TYBCom students are yet to see their results as the university has held them in reserve. Officials said the students did not submit the necessary documents with their examination form. \"Some results have not been uploaded also because the respective colleges have not yet submitted internal assessment scores,\" said Mumbai University PRO Vinod Malale.Students say the roll numbers of over a thousand candidates are missing from the website. They are clueless about their performance and are running from pillar to post to find out how they fared in the exams.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13944778", "title": "Water, food from outside catch Ludhiana stomach", "text": "LUDHIANA: So thirsty you could gulp down anything? Hold on because that drink could give you severe stomach pain and land you in the hospital. Doctors in the city say the number of cases of gastroenteritis, a water-borne disease caused by lack of sanitation, has shot up in the city over the last month. They warn that it is triggered by drinking unclean water and eating out at unhygienic joints.Model Town-resident Jaipreet Kaur, wife of industrialist Harmeet Singh, and Sarabha Nagar-resident businessman Simranjeet Singh (name changed) vouch that precaution is better than cure. While Jaipreet had to be hospitalized because of acute stomach pain and diarrhoea soon after enjoying food at a wedding, Simranjeet Singh had to seek help from doctors in Dayanand Medical College and Hospital ( DMCH) after eating at a restaurant left him with an upset stomach.Doctors in the city say there has been a sharp rise in number of gastroenteritis cases. Assistant professor in gastroenterology at Christian Medical College and Hospital (CMCH) Dr Anish Chopra said he has been seeing between 30 and 40 gastroenteritis patients in a week. ''Usually, there are only half as many patients. In the monsoon the number shoots up even more, sometimes touching as much as 100 cases a week. Residents of even posh areas like Model Town, Sarabha Nagar, Gurdev Nagar, Kitchlu Nagar, South City and BRS Nagar have been falling victim,'' he said.Dr Rajoo Singh Chhina, professor of gastroenterology at Dayanand Medical College and Hospital (DMCH), ''About seven patients of gastroenteritis come to us every day. The general trend is that more people contract the disease during monsoon and when the weather is changing.'' He added that being lax about the water one drinks and eating cut fruits from roadside vendors is a dangerous cocktail.Senior consultant in gastroenterology department of SPS Apollo Hospital Dr Harmeet Singh Saluja said they have also been receiving about five cases of gastroenteritis every day for the past few days. ''All age groups can be affected but one needs to be particularly careful in the case of infants or elderly people as it can cause death too,'' he said.How to protect yourself from gastroenteritis Drink clean water Wash hands properly Avoid eating cut fruits from vendors Avoid street food Change plastic bottles used for drinking after three months as bacteria breeds in itWhat is gastroenteritis? Gastroenteritis is the irritation and inflammation of the digestive tract. The condition may cause abdominal pain, vomiting and diarrhoea. Severe cases of gastroenteritis can result in dehydration. In such cases, fluid replacement is the primary factor in treatment", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13956384", "title": "Rishi plays Kanamachi", "text": "Seems like, Rishi is far from content with his composer tag. He recently paired up with Kunal Ganjawala for a duet.Talking about the title track of Raj Chakrabarty's Kanamachi , Rishi says, \"The song comes at a crucial juncture in the film. You can call it the theme song that shows the college days of actors Abir and Ankush,\" says Rishi.The track, as the composer-singer puts it, is very hatke. \"The lyrics of the song, \"Kon dike path geche\", are by Priyo Chattopadhyay. The number that talks about youngsters' approach towards life, exudes oodles of attitude.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13939302", "title": "Gaya DM flooded with complaints at \u2018janata darbar\u2019", "text": "GAYA: Gaya district magistrate (DM) Bandana Preyasi was on Thursday flooded with complaints against the functioning of different government departments and its officials. The DM received altogether 231 complaints at her 'janata darbar'.Most of the complaints pertained to the non-execution of development-related schemes, poor quality of work being done, non-implementation of government orders and directives, delay in land mutation, land disputes, non-delivery of health services, irregularities in education department, poor functioning of the Anganwadi centres etc.A woman belonging to the scheduled caste (SC) complained about atrocities perpetrated against her at the DM's janata darbar.According to the proceedings of the janata darbar, the DM directed the welfare officer to look into the woman's complaint.The official was directed by the DM to take action under the provisions of the special SC-ST Act.The DM also promised compensation to the woman.Beneficiaries of the Indira Awas Yojana units from Wazirganj block complained to the DM that they were yet to get the second instalment of the Indira Awas Yojana money.The DM telephonically directed the Wazirganj BDO to ensure the payment of second instalment of money to Indira Awas beneficiaries within a fortnight failing which action will be taken against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13946077", "title": "Ex-Army chief made accused in defamation case", "text": "NEW DELHI: Ex-Army chief V K Singh, along with four senior serving officers, has been made an accused in a criminal defamation case filed by Lt General (retd) Tejinder Singh, who has accused them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to defame him.Metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja asked the former Army chief and others to appear in court on July 20 even as he rejected Tejinder Singh's charge of criminal conspiracy against them.Perhaps, it is the first instance where a former Army chief has been made an accused in a case. Others who have been summoned are Vice-chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DGMI), Major General S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney. They have all been accused by Tejinder Singh of defaming his reputation by issuing a press release where they accused him of offering Rs 14 crore as bribe for facilitating the purchase of the allegedly sub-standard Tatra trucks by the Army.In its three-page order, the court detailed the \"complicity\" of Gen V K Singh in the issuance of the March 5 press release in which Tejinder Singh was accused of offering Rs 14 crore as bribe to the then Army chief for clearing a deal for 600 Tatra trucks, was 'prima facie deductible'.The magistrate said the \"defamatory information\" about the alleged bribe offer could not have been passed on to the other co-accused if the then Army chief would not have told them about it.\"The complicity of respondent number 1 (V K Singh) in the publication of the press release dated March 5, 2012 is prima facie deductible from the fact that he alone had knowledge about the offer of bribe made by the complainant and without him having told the respondents number 4 and 5 (Narshiman and Sawhney) or any other person about the offer of bribe made by the complainant, the defamatory information about the complainant offering a bribe would not have percolated down to the respondents no 4 and 5,\" the court said.It also referred to the May 4, 2012, letter issued by under secretary of the ministry of defence in which it was mentioned that the March 5 press release was issued with the approval from the \"highest levels in the Army\".The press release accusing Tejinder Singh of bribery was seen as part of the factional fight the Army's brass got embroiled in over the failed bid of the ex-Army chief to get his date of birth revised. Gen V K Singh alleged that he was targeted because of his campaign against corruption in the Army, and mentioned Tejinder Singh's alleged attempt to tempt him as a case in point.He said that he had informed the defence minister A K Antony of the bribery bid. Antony corroborated the account, but said that Gen V K Singh did not wish to pursue the matter. The court case has confirmed fears that the feuding in the top echelons may continue after Gen V K Singh's retirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952341", "title": "Karisma Kapoor to dress up yummy mummies", "text": "Motherhood is the latest buzzword in Bollywood. And while Shilpa Shetty and Lara Dutta have released their personal pregnancy yoga DVDs, Karisma Kapoor has decided to add to the glamour of the yummy mummies in the industry.TOI has learnt that Lolo, a mother of two, will soon come out with her own high-street clothing line for young mothers and working women .The actress, who recently marked her return to the silver screen with Vikram Bhatt's Dangerous Ishhq has always been lauded for her impeccable sense of style. Present at most fashion events in the country, the actress has always taken keen interest in couture. And according to a source, recently, several luxury clothing brands approached the actress to design a unique line.Though details of the venture are being kept under wraps, when we contacted Karisma, she confirmed the news and said, \"I'm excited to take it up. It's a new avenue for me and I like doing new things.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13948111", "title": "ATR sketchy, probe on course: NCPCR", "text": "ROHTAK: The national commission for protection of child rights (NCPCR) has expressed dissatisfaction with the action taken report (ATR) submitted by Rohtak district administration in the case of sexual exploitation of girl inmates at Apna Ghar shelter home. However, it is satisfied with police investigations, saying the probe seems to be on right path.The commission had raided the shelter home in Rohtak's Shrinagar Colony on May 9, following a tip off by three runaway girls. Given the disturbing revelations of sexual abuse, physical exploitation and inhuman treatment of inmates by the shelter home owner Jaswanti Devi and her staff, it had asked local police and administration to intervene and take action against the guilty and ensure the well-being of inmates. It had also asked them to submit an ATR.NCPCR member Vinod Kumar Tikoo, who was in the raiding team, told TOI on Friday that the administration had submitted a very sketchy and incomplete report. \"It reached us a couple of days back, but it lacks requisite information and seems ridiculous. The administration is trying to wash its hands off the case as it has shifted all the inmates and closed down the shelter home,\" he said.\"The DC mentioned that he did not have anganwari workers to run the home. This argument is unacceptable to us. The administration has taken over the shelter home and must run its affairs by retaining the inmates,\" he said. He also expressed his displeasure over the failure of officials to get a proper medical examination of all inmates.Stating that they had not received a detailed report from the state government about all child care institutes (CCIs) being run in Haryana, Tikoo revealed, \"We gave a month's deadline, but since the government was not ready with these details, we have extended it.\"In the wake of shelter home abuse case, NCPCR had called a meeting and demanded details of all CCIs in the state. When the government failed to provide the details, it offered a one-month time for furnishing all these details by conducting the mapping of all the children and other inmates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13958576", "title": "Smoke from Pallikaranai dump yard chokes neighbourhood, causes road accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Traffic came to a halt between MRTS flyover and Pallikaranai on the Velachery Main Road for several hours on Saturday morning after thick smoke from the dump yard opposite to the Pallikaranai marshland in Pallikaranai engulfed several areas resulting in poor visibility.The smokescreen also caused an accident when a biker on Velacheri Main Road dashed against a lorry and sustained head injuries. Traffic was diverted to Madipakkam Main Road and Pallavaram-Thoraipakkam Radial Road to reach either Tambaram or Velachery. The burning of garbage at the 15-acre dump yard continues with fire tenders watching helplessly.The fire and smoke woke up residents around 1am on Saturday. Many residents who went to their terraces saw huge flames across the dump yard. One of the residents alerted the Tamil Nadu Fire &amp; Rescue Services. Six fire tenders from Guindy came to the spot, but after more than six hours of effort, the fire continued to spread. With thick smoke and the way to reach the interior parts of the dump yard blocked due to huge garbage, the fire fighters stood helpless.\"Fire at the dumpyard has become a routine, putting thousands of residents at risk. Ash from the dump yard spreading over houses in the surrounding areas of the dump yard. How long we can tolerate this?\" said S Radhakrishnan, a resident of Madipakkam.A similar incident happened on April 19. A day after the incident, a team of corporation and environmental officials inspected the dump yard and recommended safety measures. With the summer heat yet to come down and rag pickers going around the dump yard, the facility remain vulnerable to such incidents. \"Rag pickers sometimes set fire to garbage to collect metals. Without adequate staff to man the vast dump yard, it is difficult to monitor activites inside the yard,\" said a corporation official who is posted at the yard.Areas surrounding the dumpyard such as North and South Ram Nagar, Sadavivanagar and Periyar Nagar of Madipakkam, Vijayanagar in Velachery, Mayillai Balaji Nagar in Pallikaranai are the worst affected. Dumping of easily inflammable material and chemical substances in the yards has been taking a heavy toll on the environment.Spread over 15 acres of land, the dumpyard has been in use for more than five decades mainly by the Alandur municipality earlier. After the city's expansion, garbage from Alandur and Ullagaram-Puzhuthivakkam and Madipakkam is dumped here. Everyday around 120 tonnes of garbage is dumped here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940022", "title": "BFI plans to make Nagpur basketball hub of India", "text": "NAGPUR: The Orange City, which holds the geographical importance being the centre of India, may soon become the basketball hub of India, if chief executive officer (CEO) of Basketball Federation of India, Roopam Sharma is to be believed.She is on a mission to carry forward the unfinished task of late Harish Sharma in improving the standards of the game in India as passionately as his husband did. Eager to fulfill one such dream of her husband, the 48-year-old also has an eye on central India. \"BFI plans to make Nagpur as the basketball hub of India. In fact this was one of the wish that Harish had when he first visited this part of central India and by allotting the youth nationals here in 2011 he took his first step,\" Roopam told TOI.Elaborating further she said, \"Some officials of Nagpur district have already submitted a detailed plan to the federation and if all goes well, the BFI may soon organize Indian team's coaching camps, a couple of National championships and the National School League in Nagpur.\"On future plans, she said, \"Promotion of basketball is my priority. I wish to bring more professionalism into the sport. We intend to hire more coaching staff from the overseas along with their Indian counterparts to assist our national foreign coaches.\"Last year, BFI conducted 24 coaching camps and the CEO assured that in coming year more camps would be organized, especially for the age-category cagers. She admits that following in the footsteps of her husband will be a tall order, but exudes confidence to take the game to newer heights.\"It was my husband's vision to put basketball on a high pedestal. Now, it will be my endeavor to take the game to different level. I just want basketball to grow and I'm sure we are going to make an impact and the impact will be visible. What Harish did is very difficult to replicate. He helped the sport take great strides and find a place for itself in India, an impressive accomplishment in the cricket-mad country. We will strive hard to complete all the projects he envisioned with the same sincerity and dedication,\" she signed off.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945609", "title": "Two foetuses found in Kurla garbage bin", "text": "MUMBAI: Alerted by locals, the police on Friday morning found two foetuses in a garbage bin near a civic school in Kurla (East).The Vinoba Bhave Nagar police said the foetuses were dumped close to Makadwala compound at Jai Shankar Chowk sometime on Thursday and were discovered wrapped individually in polythene bags. One foetus is said to be two-months-old and the other four-months-old.They were sent to Rajawadi Hospital, whose report showed that the four-month-old foetus was male; the report on the other is awaited.\"We are investigating whether any maternity home is carrying out illegal abortions and dumping foetuses in the Kurla garbage bin,\" said senior inspector N D Shivali of VB Nagar police. To get leads, Shivali said, the police are getting details of the \"women who got pregnancy checks done in hospitals in the area in the last two days\".A case has been filed against unidentified persons under section 315 (act done with intent to prevent child being born alive or to cause it to die after birth) of the Indian Penal Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13939271", "title": "Direct contest likely for Muzaffarpur mayor post", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: With the last minute withdrawal of candidature by Rakhi Singh from the contest, election for the post of Muzaffarpur mayor will be a direct contest between Kapila Devi of ward No. 19 and Varsha Singh of ward No. 22 of Muzaffarpur Municipal Corporation (MMC), according to reports last came on Friday evening. The polling is scheduled to be held at the collectorate hall on Saturday.Former local MLA Vijendra Chaudhary is reported to have used his full strength and tactics to ensure Varsha Singh's victory to maintain his influence over MMC, as happened in the election of former mayor Vimla Devi Tulasyan. Tulasyan proved to be ineffective during her tenure and as a result no concrete steps were taken for the development of the town.Although local BJP MLA Suresh Sharma is yet to come out openly about the candidate whom he will be supporting in the mayoral contest, Kapila Devi, has succeeded in enjoying the backing of the ruling party leaders and workers mainly because she is seen as the only strong candidate who can defeat Chaudhary's nominee.There are three strong contenders for the seat of deputy mayor. They are Rajiv Kumar Panku, K P Pappu and Majid Hussain. The first two candidates are expecting the support of the NDA, while the last one is Chaudhary's candidate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13944615", "title": "Euro 2012: Germans look to 'foreign' four", "text": "Much of the talk surrounding Germany ahead of the 2012 European Championships has been about their supposed similarity with the Spanish title winning side of 2008.The cornerstone of the squad is laid on the strength of two successful domestic sides in Bayern Munich and Borussia Dortmund, just as Spain's 2008 Euro and 2010 World Cup triumph was built on the players from Barcelona and Real Madrid. Bayern and Dortmund account for 12 (13 if you count the already agreed transfer of Marco Reus to the latter this summer) of the squad's 23 players. They are a young, technically gifted side with their attacking brilliance fuelled by the defensive grittiness of Sami Khedira and Bastian Schweinsteiger in central midfield, similar to the work Marcos Senna and Sergio Busquets have performed for Spain.But while a lot of concern has rightly been placed on whether the strong contingent of eight Bayern players can recover from the shock of three second-placed finishes this season, the success of the squad may depend on a few others. Indeed, players who are not plying their trade in the German Bundesliga.The four members of Joachim Low's side who play their club football outside Germany -Khedira, Mesut Ozil (both Real Madrid), Miroslav Klose (Lazio) and Per Mertesacker (Arsenal) - could turn out to be the ones on whom their campaign hinges.Khedira's in particular is a crucial role. Just as his partnership with Xabi Alonso has proved critical for Real this season, his dominance in midfield alongside Schewinsteiger will dictate the way Germany play. With the Bayern man not yet back to his peak after an injury-ravaged season, the onus is on the 25-year-old to shine at his second major international tournament in a row. If Michael Ballack's injury gave him his break in South Africa, Schweinsteiger's fitness issues will give him a chance to further assert his class in Poland-Ukraine.In Ozil and Klose, Germany have two big game players at different ends of the age spectrum.The 33-year-old Klose has been phenomenal for the Nationalmannschaft ever since making his debut in 2001. His propensity to score at will at major tournaments is legendary - 14 goals in three World Cups speaks for itself - and this could be his last real chance to put behind the disappointment of two second-placed (2002 World Cup, 2008 Euro) and two third-placed finishes (2006, 2010 World Cups) at international level. Despite the phenomenal scoring form of Bayern's Mario Gomez, it would be no surprise if Low opts for the veteran Klose because he still has what it takes as he proved with his nine goals in six qualifying matches for the tournament.Ten years Klose's junior, Ozil is the lynchpin of the attack - the fulcrum that orchestrates the play. He is, one could say, a more creative Luca Modric who can also score! The goals that come off the boot of Klose, Gomez or Thomas Muller have the industry, vision and sheer unpredictability of Ozil to thank for. As he showed against England at the 2010 World Cup, when he is on song, he is unstoppable.Germany's biggest threat at the Euros could ironically be getting out of their group. Placed alongside the Netherlands, Portugal and Denmark, the two teams that make it out of this Group B could well be the sides for whom their respective playmakers - Ozil, Wesley Sneijder, Cristiano Ronaldo and Christian Eriksen - fare best.The weaknessWhile for years German sides have been unshakeable in defence and unbreakable in spirit, this is the current avatar's biggest weakness. The central defence has been the biggest tactical headache for Low in his six year's in charge.That is where Germany need Mertesacker at his best. The tall central defender has struggled at Arsenal with form and fitness and has only played a couple of friendly games since February. But if he can get back to his best and forge a good understanding with Holger Badstuber, it will go a long way to easing Germany's defensive woes.The Golden Generation is what the German media and fans are calling the current crop of senior players led by Phillip Lahm, Schweinsteiger, Klose and Lukas Podolski. The phrase - initially coined for the Portuguese side of Luis Figo, Manuel Rui Costa and Joao Pinto and then later used for the England teams of David Beckham, Paul Scholes, Steven Gerrard and Co - has recognised potential but also been prophetic of an inability to succeed at the highest level.Germany in this new millennium have been the 'nearly' men. This could be their final chance to set that record straight.COACH'S CORNERBento: Miracle WorkerDate of birth: 20/06/1969Country: PortugalUEFA comp. record:", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958579", "title": "Jamie Foxx to play US President in 'White House Down'", "text": "Jamie Foxx is in talks to become the latest movie star to play the U.S. President on the big screen.According to Deadline.com, the Oscar winner is in negotiations to play the leader of the free world in Roland Emerich's thriller 'White House Down', the Daily Express reported.The film also stars Channing Tatum as a Secret Service agent who has to protect the President following a terrorist attack on the White House .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "story", "code": "13953633", "title": "Krishnaveni Panjaalai", "text": "Story: Kadir (Hemachandran) and Poonkothai (Nandana) are cotton mill workers in southern Tamil Nadu. Their affection grows into love but once the mill closes down following a strike, life gets hard for them and everyone working along with them.Movie Review: It is every director's dream to debut with a movie that creates an impact among all sections of society. Set in Udumalpet in Coimbatore dictrict, ' Krishnaveni Panjaalai' gets it right by taking us back in time into the lives of mill workers and their joys and sorrows. Director Dhanapalan Padmanabhan does a good job, but a better screenplay could have taken the movie to another level.' Krishnaveni Panjaalai' carefully recreates the late 1980s when several textile mills in the region began to close down, creating unrest among the workers. The movie captures this particular period in a realistic manner, as also the caste-related tensions.Where the movie suffers is with its pacing. The director falters in trying to give equal importance to the plight of the mill workers and the romance between the lead pair, which sort of sticks out and dampens the narration. Also, the song 'Rojamalaiye' comes in the way of the story's flow though the melodious music by N R Ragunandhan is in tune with the movie's setting. 'Aalaikari' and 'Un Kankal' come out tops in the album, and the later has been wonderfully captured by Suresh Bharghav.Hemachandran and Nandana do a good job, and their chemistry works well though the actress could do with a bit of polishing as she tends to go overboard in the emotional scenes. Shanmuga Raja, playing the role of a mill supervisor madly in love with Poonkothai, is a treat to watch. The large cast hampers the movie and characters such as that of M S Bhaskar end up with little to do.'Krishnaveni Panjaalai' works in parts and could have been more engaging had its screenplay been more tightly knit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13941700", "title": "Nityananda Paramahamsa disciples, activists clash in ashram", "text": "BANGALORE: The ashram of Nityananda Paramahamsa at Bidadi in Ramanagaram district was at the centre of high drama on Friday as 10 followers of the self-styled godman were arrested after they attacked media persons and Kannada activists.Ban orders have been promulgated in the neighbourhood of the ashram in Bidadi town.The Kannada activists were protesting against the ashram authorities' move to forcibly evict TV media persons on Thursday from a press conference addressed by the swami. A reporter pulled out a copy of the summons issued by a US court to the godman, provoking angry scenes.Following this, some pro-Kannada activists staged a protest in front of the ashram gate on Friday morning. Things turned ugly soon after the activists barged into the ashram premises. There was a verbal duel which turned into pitched battle between ashram inmates and the activists. Police had to bring the situation under control by caning the activists, many of whom were taken into custody.Police have booked cases against the activists and a reporter of a TV channel besides arresting 10 Nityananda disciples on the basis of complaints from the activists. The arrested disciples were produced before Ramanagaram court late in the evening.Meanwhile, police commenced searches inside the ashram to find the whereabouts of the swami.The deputy commissioner of Ramanagaram district, Sriram Reddy, stated that Nityananda had been advised not to remain in the ashram till the situation was brought under control.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "13945590", "title": "Beed official fights to save girl child", "text": "BEED: The local authorities in Beed have drawn battle lines with the medical community here over the issue of female foeticide. And leading the administration's assault is civil surgeon Dr Gauri Rathod, who, despite threats, political pressure and little support from the community, has vowed to wipe out the scourge from the area.The 45-year-old doctor took charge in the district, which has the lowest child sex ratio in Maharashtra, about 11 months ago. She was at first reluctant to accept the posting and refrained from joining for about two weeks. But news reports of female feotuses being found at Parli taluka in Beed in 2011 made Rathod change her mind.She explains that, over the years, Beed has become something akin to a tertiary centre for killing female foetuses. \"Everything here was synchronized. The arrangement has clearly evolved over the years,\" says the mother of 12-year-old twins, a boy and a girl.When local lawyers showed reluctance in following her lead, Rathod hired a lawyer from Mumbai at her own expense and got conviction in a PCPNDT violation case last year. She says that she takes every precaution to see that no innocent doctors is harassed. Rathod, who also holds a management degree from the Tata Institute of Social Science, says many government officials are unwilling to work in Beed. \"There is an opium mafia, sand mafia and not to mention local goons, who anyone can hire.\" For her, threatening calls and letters have become a regular occurrence.On Wednesday, she filed a complaint with the police over a threat from Dr Srihari Lahane, who has been arrested for allegedly conducting illegal abortions. She recollects an incident that took place a few days after she got uniforms sanctioned for staffers at the civil hospital last year. \"I got a letter which said that I may be distributing clothes but I will soon have to think about 'kafan' for my children. I broke down, but my staffers stood by me and made me file a police complaint.\"There have been other attempts to derail her crusade.Malicious doctors, she says, tried disposing of \"foetuses in the dustbins of civil hospital\". Besides this, \"umpteen RTI pleas have been filed and continue to be filed asking for information about my education, work experience, ultrasonography cases in civil hospital, etc. almost every alternate day. They just keep looking for loopholes\". Rathod recently gave up her financial powers so that allegations of misappropriation cannot be cast against her.Still, despite her efforts, Rathod feels the government is fighting a losing battle. \"Our enemy here is not a handful doctors but the community that refuses to accept the girl child. The irony is that corporators from a political party announced a hunger strike against me for harassing doctors. What is worse is that these are female corporators.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13946114", "title": "How desperadoes hit it big", "text": "BANGALORE: Killings are becoming a contractual matter in crime-prone Bangalore. From small-time criminals to rowdy elements, everyone who is someone in the city's underworld now wants to graduate to being supari killers as it fetches easy money.\"Besides, the city is emerging a favourite destination of contract killers from outside. Several contract killers from Salem in Tamil Nadu and Andhra Pradesh have made Bangalore their home,\" a police officer said.\"A contract killer is a mercenary who is ready to work in any capacity as long as he gets his share. Many police stations and officers use them for small-time extortion and encourage them to play trouble-shooters. They interfere in disputes and solve them using their muscle power. But they soon graduate from these tricks and turn hit men as the power of crime gets to their head,\" said a police officer.\"Small-time criminals bond heavily behind bars. It is here that they strike deals for future 'assignments'. Actually Parappana Agrahara jail is a breeding ground for hit men,\" said the officer.Citing the case of the attack on SP Mahantesh, a deputy director with the directorate of cooperative audit, police said the assailants were briefed to attack him, but they gave fatal blows resulting in the official succumbing to his injuries. \"When they are on the job, criminals get drunk and become insensitive to the gravity of their deeds,\" they pointed out.A central crime branch police officer said that goonda elements of yesteryear are slowly disappearing and a new set of small-time trouble-makers are taking over the entire city.Anything for money\"They are ready to kill for anything between Rs5000 and Rs10,000. Their concern is only money. They feel that once they do their job, more jobs will come their way.''---- A CCB officer", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946479", "title": "Car registrations up by 92% in a decade", "text": "MUMBAI: The number of cars registered in the three RTOs in the city has gone up by an average 92% and driving licences issued risen by nearly 100% over the past decade. But the staff strength of the RTOs, which keep tabs on all vehicles, has dwindled, with 396 out of the 965 sanctioned posts remaining vacant for over a year now.This shortage in staff has proved disastrous for the department, where several Mumbaikars have lodged complaints alleging an inordinate delay in the issuing of new licences, renewal of old ones and registration of vehicles. RTO officials, on their part, blame it on the government for failing to fill the vacancies. \"We recently had to ask for clerical staff from other RTOs to clear some of the backlog here,\" said a senior official from the Andheri RTO, where vehicle registration has risen by 120% over the decade. This office got complaints from citizens whose driving licences had not been delivered for more than two months. \"We are trying our best with the existing resources,\" he added.Though the official declined to comment on the reason behind the staff shortage, a source said proposals for recruiting new employees, especially inspectors and assistant RTOs, had been gathering dust at Mantralaya. \"The department (transport) comes directly under chief minister Prithviraj Chavan. But he is doing precious little to get more staff for Mumbai RTOs,\" said another official from the RTO.Data procured by auto union leader Thampy Kurian under the Right to Information Act has revealed that of the 266 sanctioned posts in the transport commissioner's office, only 162 were filled up while the rest (104) were vacant.The RTI data indicated that at Tardeo, the number of driving licences issued had increased from 18.23 lakh in 2002 to 25.71 lakh in 2011, an increase of 41%. At Andheri, the increase has been 108 %, with 12.50 lakh licences issued in 2002 and in comparison, 25.95 lakh last year. At Wadala, 7.72 lakh licences were distributed to citizens in 2002, while in 2011, the figure rose to 12.25 lakh, registering a rise of 59 %.A third category of statistics revealed that the number of vehicle registrations has risen by nearly 122 % at Andheri RTO, where 4.22 lakh vehicles were registered in 2002, and the figure sore to 9.37 lakh last year. \"This shows that there has been maximum registration of vehicles-both cars and two-wheelers-in the western suburbs. The auto population here is also double the strength in the eastern suburbs,\" Kurian said. \"But despite several letters shot off to the authorities, the RTO staff strength has remained low, hampering work there.\" At the Tardeo RTO, 4.25 lakh vehicles were registered in 2002 and 6.53 lakh last year. At the Wadala office, the growth is 101%, from 2.21 lakh in 2002 to 4.44 lakh last year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "13945054", "title": "Stray dogs plague Gurdev Nagar", "text": "Gurdev Nagar: Like at many other areas in the city, the stray dogs have become a serious trouble for Gurdev Nagar residents, too, as the municipal authorities have failed to keep a check on them.Businessman Ajay Sharma from the area says these dogs usually assemble near the park and residents fear they might charge at them when it is dark.The stray dogs roaming around in the area is more of a menace. ''The civic body should control the number of stray dogs as it has been a safety issue for residents,'' says Sharma.Another area resident and a homemaker Reema says these dogs create a problem for morning and evening walkers in the park apart from being a constant threat on the streets once it is dark. ''Despite repeated complaints, the MC hasn't taken any steps to control their numbers,'' she adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13958080", "title": "Now one more taxi service from domestic airport", "text": "MUMBAI: TABcab, the latest entrant in the fleet cab services in Mumbai, has introduced pickup services from the domestic airport.A company spokesperson said, \" Situated at Terminal 1A and 1B of the domestic airport, TABcab counters will issue a boarding pass to those who book the cabs. Passengers will have a fresh new experience with in-cab infotainment system, which plays movies and provides news, maps, deals, etc.\" She further stated, \"TABcab offers spacious sedans like Toyota Etios and Maruti Sx4s making the experience extremely comfortable and relaxing.The 'saathis' or the chauffeurs of TABcabs, are well trained in the use of technology. They are extremely kind and cooperative, making them ideal companions during travel.\"The minimum fare is Rs 24 and Rs 17 for every additional km. The night charges (12 am to 5 am) are Rs 30 as the base fare and Rs 21.25 for every additional km. At present, TABcab runs around 1000 cabs in Mumbai and will introduce 600 more taxis within a month. The company plans to hit the roads with 4000 cabs by end of the year. TABcab is a venture by SMS Taxi Cabs Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of SMS Infrastructure Ltd. It is the second largest private taxi fleet in Mumbai, after Meru Cabs. Customers can dial Tabcab control room on 63636363 to book a cab or log on to www.tabcab.in to hire a taxi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chhapra", "code": "13939313", "title": "Youth held for killing groom of \u2018girlfriend\u2019", "text": "CHHAPRA: Saran police on Thursday unveiled the mystery shrouding the murder of a newly-wed man Rahul, who was shot dead on May 28, a day after he got married, at his village Pachua under Ekma police station in Saran district.After the incident, Rahul's father Lallan Bhagat had lodged an FIR against unknown persons with Ekma PS.The police have arrested Vijay Kumar (20) of village Atarson under Rasulpur PS, the village where Rahul married Hira on May 27 night.Accepting his crime before DSP Kailash Prasad, Vijay said, \"I was in love with Hira, so I decided to eliminate Rahul after his marriage.\"Disclosing his modus operandi, Vijay said he along with his co-villager Pankaj came to Pachua on May 28 night and left Pankaj at some distance.He then came near the window of the room in which Rahul was present with Hira.\"I called Rahul to come near the window and when he came I shot at him. In the meantime, Pankaj deserted me and escaped with the bike,\" said Vijay adding that he threw the used pistol in the bamboo forest near the village. Police are yet to recover the pistol. Pankaj is evading the police.Case lodged: The Town police station lodged a case of unnatural sex against a boy Vishal (13) on Thursday.According to sources, Vishal lured Amit (6) on the pretext of giving him a chocolate and committed the crime at some lonely place. After medical examination of Amit, an FIR was lodged against the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13948034", "title": "Khaps warn Aamir, want show pulled off air", "text": "ROHTAK: Haryana's khap panchayats, known for their bizarre diktats, have now demanded that Aamir Khan's popular TV show, Satyamev Jayate, be pulled off air. The actor drew the ire of the kangaroo courts after he accused them of triggering honour killings in one of the episodes. Khap leaders said Aamir portrayed them in poor light and warned him against commenting on Hindu tradition, particularly gotra marriages. The khaps also urged people to stop watching Satyamev Jayate.\"We are trying to safeguard social customs and traditions which is the backbone of any society,\" said Randhir Singh, president of Meham Chaubisi khap panchayat. Randhir, who had participated in a show, alleged his views were edited by the producers when it went on air. \"This was done to fuel anti-khap sentiments,\" he said.Singh said same-gotra marriages raise the risk of transferring hereditary diseases.\"Such marriages are avoided in most societies across the world as their ill effects have been scientifically proven,\" he said. Jat Mahasabha president Om Prakash Maan said Aamir twisted facts while discussing the honour killing of Manoj and Babli. Most Haryana khaps have condemned the show and shot off a missive to Aamir Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945612", "title": "Poets' kirtans, bhajans to spread word", "text": "MUMBAI: With the modern mass media unable to create widespread awareness against female foeticide, the state government is taking the help of traditional Varkari poets to step up its fight against the menace.The state administration, which has been grappling with the recent spate of illegal abortions in Marathwada region, has decided to rope in non-profit organizations and self-help groups of Varkaris to spread the message of saving the girl child.Officials from the state women and child development department met several Varkari pratishthans on Friday. The department secretary is in the process of drafting a proposal to see how the services of poets could be used. \"The reach of the Varkaris and their movement is far and wide and through this we want to spread the message that it is imperative to save the girl child,\" said state women and child development minister Varsha Gaikwad.Varkaris are the progenitors of Maharashtra's traditional Bhakti movement, which led to the social movement that give birth to well-known poet-saints such as Sant Tukaram, Sant Namdev, among others. Every year, nearly 3.5 lakh Varkaris from the across the state and the country come to the town of Pandharpur as part of an annual pilgrimage. This year too groups of Varkaris will walk hundreds of miles on July 11 to mark the Hindu month of Aashaadha.\"Bhajans and kirtans on female foeticide menace will be sung at every halt on the way to Pandharpur. From here the message will be picked up by other Varkaris to be spread across rural areas,\" said Shamsundar Sonnar, president of Varkari Seva Pratisthan, one of the biggest umbrella groups of the movement.The issue of female foeticide was raised in the Varkaris' recent five-day kirtan mahotsav at Dombivli. \"This is not the first time Varkaris have been asked to contribute to create awareness on a social cause. The last time we used Varkaris was when swine flu turned into an epidemic of sorts in the state,\" said Sonnar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952143", "title": "First Look: Ram Charan Teja in Zanjeer remake", "text": "One of the most memorable characters of Hindi cinema history, Inspector Vijay from Prakash Mehra's 1973 blockbuster Zanjeer is back.But this time with a different surname. TOI brings you the first look of Ram Charan Teja as Inspector Vijay Shrivastav (as opposed to Khanna, in the original) in the much anticipated remake of the classic hit.This time around, Inspector Vijay will not just unleash his angry young self on the Hindi cinemagoers but also the Telugu audience. The film, that is being made in both the languages is directed by Apoorva Lakhia.Interestingly, reliving Big B's famous on-screen moments is not the only thing Ram Charan is busy with. TOI found out that the lead actor is all set to tie the knot with Upasna Kamineni on the 14th of this month. In fact, the wedding functions will be held over a week. Needless to say, the actor has taken a break from the film schedule for the time being.About Upasna, apart from being the granddaughter of Prathap Reddy, Managing Director of the Apollo Group, she works as the vice president of the same company.Being tagged as the 'biggest event in Hyderabad this season', the wedding will be a sevenday gala affair. A source revealed, \"The functions will be held across several locations in the city. The who's who of Bollywood have been invited. The functions will start off with a grand sangeet on June 11. This will be held at Annapoorna Studios. The south Indian film industry will be well represented with names like Rajinikanth and Venkatesh on the list of invitees.\"The wedding will take place on 14th morning. The guestlist also includes several A-list names such as Amitabh Bachchan , Sanjay Dutt , Salman Khan , Anil Ambani and the CEO of Reliance Entertainment Sanjeev Lamba. We believe, several stars are slated to perform at the gala. The big fat wedding will be followed by a bigger reception at Tirupati and Upasna's village on June 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13941530", "title": "Bangalore: BBM student gives Rs 5 lakh supari to kill ex-lover", "text": "BANGALORE: A first-year BBM student has been arrested for giving a Rs 5-lakh supari to three men to kill her estranged lover and his close friend. The contract went awry when the ex-boyfriend escaped from their clutches. Infuriated, the contract killers beat his friend to death.Sushma S (22), a student of Malleswaram's MES College, kidnapped her driver-turned-boyfriend, Manjunath Ningellappa, and his friend Ali Hussain before delivering them to the contract killers \u2014 all of whom have been arrested. Sushma was arrested from Vellore, her native place. Her schoolmate Ajai Kumar alias Jackie ( 20), who negotiated the supari, has been picked up too.Sushma was furious with Manjunath because he had been blackmailing her.Daughter of J Srinivasan, a Vellore landlord, Sushma stayed at Jalahalli with her mother and younger brother and sister. Sushma's father had gifted her a Bolero after she cleared her II PUC exam with a second class.Srinivasan hired 25-year-old Manjunath, also of Jalahalli to drive his daughter around. The couple got close and eloped thrice last year. Posing as newlyweds, they stayed in hotels in New Delhi, Goa and Mangalore.Of late, Sushma had begun to distance herself from Manjunath. A frustrated Manjunath blackmailed her, saying he would make public photos showing them in compromising positions.Suspecting her fidelity, Manjunath asked Ali Hussain, 24, to keep an eye on her and report to him on a daily basis.\"This irked Sushma, who got in touch with her schoolmate Ajai, a resident of Indiranagar near Basaveshwaranagar,\" said DCP (North) HS Revanna.\"Ajai contacted Deepak (19), Lakshman alias Byat (20) and Abhishek (19) - all Basaveshwaranagar residents with a criminal past,\" police said. Deepak told Ajai they were ready to kill the two men for Rs 5 lakh. Sushma and the four men then allegedly decided to eliminate both Manjunath and Hussain.On May 11, Sushma called Manjunath near HMT Auditorium in Jalahalli. Manjunath got into her Bolero around 9 pm. \"A little later, the four assailants boarded the jeep and got Manjunath to call Hussain there,\" police said. Suspecting something amiss, Manjunath jumped out of the moving jeep on Outer Ring Road and escaped. \"The four men then strangulated and beat Hussain to death inside the jeep as Sushma looked on. They dumped the body near Doddaballapur the same night.\"After killing Hussain, Sushma and the four men returned to Bangalore. Sushma then headed to Vellore, where she had been living with Rasan Kumar, one of her lovers. Manjunath got in touch with police two days later and lodged a complaint. Police traced Hussain's body before zeroing in on the culprits.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942670", "title": "BBSM mellows down after CM clarifies on MoI", "text": "Panaji: A one hour clarification of chief minister Manohar Parrikar on medium of instruction (MoI) issue forced Bharatiya Bhasha Suraksha Manch (BBSM) to soften their stand on government's decision on the controversy on Friday.BBSM on Friday held a meeting to discuss and take a stand on MoI issue. But their leaders were surprised when they received a call from Parrikar informing them that he would attend the meeting to clarify his stand on MoI issue. Many of their leaders mellowed down after the rhetoric of the chief minister who as opposition leader was closely associated with BBSM, sources said.With his support BBSM had even organized a day long-bandh a year ago.A few of their leaders have put on government-appointed committees and given positions of power in the last three months.\"There was no discussion, they wanted clarification on a few points on MoI policy and I've explained to them,\" Parrikar said after coming out of BBSM meeting. As soon as the swearing-in ceremony of Alina Saldanha was over, he rushed to attend the BBSM meeting perhaps sensing that many hardliners were agitated over his decision to allow 127 schools to continue receiving grants for English medium schools.He said \"I have not come here to make them agree with our MoI policy. I have come here as I was with them earlier and I explained to them what I am doing and what's there in the policy\"BBSM has opposed the grants given to 127 English medium schools but did not criticized the chief minister Manohar Parrikar for the MoI decision.\"We are firm on our demands on MoI issue and we have not changed out stand,\" convenor of BBSM Shashikala Kakodkar said.From P1BBSM welcomed majority of government decision on MOI except the one to continue grant in aid to 127 English medium schools.BBSM had opposed the earlier government decision to give grants to English medium schools by stating they that decision was taken under pressure from church.\"In general we are satisfied with the clarification of chief minister\", added Kakodkar.BBSM spokesperson Uday Bhembre said \"we oppose the government decision to provide grants to English schools that have violated the rule and committed contempt of court to switch over to English medium. We demand that government should withdraw the grants to given to English schools\", he said.\"Still contempt petition is pending in court, instead of punishing them for violation they have been rewarded by continuing the grants...they should be punished for violations or else it will send wrong signal\", Bhembre said.BBSM also demanded that academic authority should be immediately constituted and should submit the report to the government within six months. BBSM consists of various groups and organizations - cultural and political - who are protagonists of Konkani and Marathi.\"Under section 29 of RTE Act, academic authority should consider while preparing the report that medium of instruction shall as far as practicable should be in child's mother tongue, this will automatically stop the grants to English schools\", Bhembre added.BBSM has also decided to form the five member committee to study deeply the MOI policy of government. \"This committee will study and submit the report to government to correct the mistakes in MOI policy and suggest how to improve the exiting policy by bring amendments\", Bhambre said. tnns", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13956157", "title": "I so miss the phuchka: Anuya Bhagvath", "text": "Tamil actor Anuya Bhagvath has just completed shooting for \"Gora\" \u2014 a celluloid adaptation of Tagore's celebrated novel.The film is being directed by Somnath Sen, a faculty member of FTII, Pune, and stars students of the institute. Says Anuya, who has been part of Nanban , the Tamil remake of 3 Idiots , \"I am playing Lolita in the movie. It's a Bengali venture but the dialogues are in Hindi.\"About her Kolkata experience, the southern star adds, \"I had a great time shooting in the city. I so miss the phuchka. We shot in Santiniketan, Belur Math and Dakshineshwar as the film is set in the 1880s. It's a deglam role but I loved it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13948178", "title": "Water shortage hinders total sanitation project", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Though 50% of village panchayats have achieved 100% total sanitation and got the Nirmal Puraskar tag, defecation in the open still continues and is more evident in the plains areas of the district.According to total sanitation project officer Taranath, 65 village panchayats out of 226 have received this award from the Union government and panchayats with a population of 5,000 and above got Rs 5 lakh and panchayats below 5,000 got Rs 2 lakh cash awards with citations. He said 35 panchayats are ready to get this award as they have fulfilled all the required parameters.When TOI visited some village panchayats in the plains, the toilets constructed were being used for some other purpose and families still prefer defecating in the open.In many houses, toilets have been converted into small godowns to store agricultural seeds, manure or other materials. When asked why they weren't being used for the original purpose, they attributed this to water scarcity. Many said they aren't getting enough drinking water for domestic use itself.In Malnad region, this programme has gathered momentum and some villages have been achieved 100% total sanitation. Sringeri and Narasimharajapura taluk in this area have been declared total sanitation taluks. Koppa taluk is just short of three panchayats to get this prestigious tag.The project was started in 2005 and so far 1,44,808 families have shown interest in constructing their own toilets in the backyard but 1,33,362 families are yet to get converted to this idea. For BPL families, the government gives Rs.3,500 as subsidy to construct toilets but even these families are not ready to have their own toilets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939066", "title": "State cabinet approves construction of 552km border road", "text": "PATNA: The road construction department (RCD) would soon initiate the process for the construction of 552.293km of two-lane border road parallel to the Indo-Nepal border to connect Sashastra Seema Bal (SSB) outposts spread between West Champaran district on the west to Kishanganj district in the east. The state cabinet gave its sanction to it on Friday.The border road would be constructed at a cost of Rs 3,547 crore. While the state government would bear 53.3% of its cost worth Rs 1,890.45 crore, the Centre would bear the remaining 46.7% of the expenditure amounting to Rs 1,656.55 crore, cabinet secretariat department principal secretary Ravi Kant said after the cabinet meeting.He said the state cabinet gave its approval to the utilization of Rs 2,552.86 crore in the first phase of the work. The remaining amount would be released in course of time. The budgetary provisions were made for the expenditure on the project, being considered \"ambitious\" both by the Centre and the state government, last year itself.According to RCD secretary Pratyaya Amrit, the border road would start from Gobarahiya village near Madanpur on the national highway (NH)-28 at the Uttar Pradesh-Bihar border in West Champaran district and end at Galgaliya in the east in Kishnaganj district after passing through East Champaran, Sitamarhi, Madhubani, Supaul and Araria districts.The border road would be constructed on 93.5km of embankments of water resources department and 205km of rural works department roads. Besides, 128km of NH sections would also be used as alignment with the border road. The road would have 40 major bridges and 81 medium and small bridges, Amrit said.He said Rs 868 crore would be spent for acquiring 3,370 acre of land, utility shifting and environment clearance. The state government is taking loans worth Rs 995 crore from National Bank for Agriculture and Rural Development (Nabard) to be spent on the construction of bridges and road alignments.Amrit said land acquisition and related work, coupled with floating of tenders for work allotment, would be completed during rainy season as the central government had already given its sanction to the construction of 200km of the border road.The process would be completed for actual work allotment during the next four-month period, and the work itself would start in November this year, Amrit said, adding the construction of the border road has to be completed over the next three years, ending in the 2015-16 financial year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13958505", "title": "Google, Asus Nexus tablet pics leaked", "text": "NEW DELHI: Images of yet-to-be launched Google Nexus tablet have reportedly been leaked online. Phonearena claims to have got the press images of the upcoming gadget, which has been jointly developed by Google and Asus.Google Asus Nexus tablet reportedly sports a 7-inch display and is expected to be priced around $249. As far as the design is concerned, Nexus appears to be a larger version of the Samsung Galaxy Note which is 5.3 inch.According to PhoneArena, Nexus tablet is likely to be launched at the Google I/O conference (June 27-29) and runs on its latest mobile operating system Android 4.0. The tablet is expected to sport a quad-core Nvidia Tegra 3 mobile processor and 1GB RAM.Google's latest tablet also boasts of other features such as a front-facing camera and a full-function primary camera at the back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938356", "title": "Ex-carrom champ\u2019s wife dies in accident", "text": "CHENNAI: Former world carrom champion A Maria Irudayam's wife M Philomina, 53, died on the spot and he was injured when a Corporation of Chennai tipper lorry rear-ended their two-wheeler in Purasawalkam on Friday evening.Police said 56-year-old Irudayam, the only Arjuna Award-winning carrom player, was riding the scooter and his wife was in the pillion rider's seat when the incident occurred. The couple, who live on Naval Hospital Road in Periamet, were returning home after shopping when the lorry hit their vehicle at the Tana Street junction.\"The left bumper of a speeding tipper lorry hit the scooter from behind,\" said Anna Square traffic investigation inspector G Ravichandran. \"The impact knocked down the vehicle and Irudayam and his wife fell on the road.\" Philomena was crushed under the rear wheels of the lorry, but Irudayam escaped with minor injuries, he said. Anna Square traffic investigation police rushed Philomena to Government General Hospital where she was declared dead on arrival.\"I'm shattered by my wife's death,\" Irudayam, an Air India commercial deputy manager, said. Irudayam won the national championship nine times and the world championship twice.Passersby blocked the road after the accident and demanded action against the driver. Police arrested the lorry driver, M Arumugam, 47, of MGR Nagar, and registered a case against him under IPC sections 304 (A) (causing death by negligence) and 279 IPC (rash driving).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13943923", "title": "Local bodies polls fill Lucknow Municipal Corporation coffers, generate Rs 66.77L", "text": "LUCKNOW: From sealing of premises to attachment of property, officials of the Lucknow Municipal Corporation have to toil hard to make people pay their taxes. The authorities also resort to luring people with rebates and discounts in special drives. But collection of house tax proved to be an effortless task last week with unexpected rush of tax-payers outside zonal offices. The beeline comprised aspiring netas who added a surplus of Rs 66.77 lakh to LMC's cash crunched coffers.The raining money in the summer season is mainly due to the local bodies' elections. A person preparing to contest local bodies election must clear pending dues like house tax, water tax and electricity bills. \"The norm was always there, but it was effectively implemented this time,\" said NP Singh municipal commissioner, Lucknow. He agreed that local body elections turned into a blessing for LMC that issued as many as 1,917 no objection certificates.\"In the normal course it is rather difficult to make people pay their taxes especially in the residential category. We have to resort to means like sealing the premises, freezing the bank accounts and sometimes order attachment of the property to make people pay. But, this experience was like a sweet dream as 98% of the collections were purely residential,\" said PK Srivastava, additional municipal commissioner, Lucknow hoping that the dream turns into a reality. The 'effective' implementation however led to some unexpected moment at the zonal offices.A mayoral candidate, for instance, had not paid his house tax since 2005. The clerk revealed that in all these years, the amount swelled to Rs 96,000. Similarly, a prominent corporator of Bharatiya Janata Party who never bothered to even think in this direction walked into the zonal office himself offered to pay the tax this time. \"He was hesitating the way someone had seen him cheating in the exams,\" said a clerk in zone-V.A first time mayoral candidate was totally unaware of the working of LMC. Her supporters offered to clear the tax worth Rs 2 lakh through a credit card. Probably confusing the credit card with debit card, the clerical staff started laughing. One of them said, \"ATM se aap paise nikal ke laiye (You go and get the money from the ATM).\" The supporters offered to pay through a cheque, but that step was greeted with a weird look. \"Nagar nigam mein cash chalta hai, aapko itna bhi nai pata,\" stated the man getting up to close the counter in the typical office style. The matter was sorted as the well connected candidate made the clerk receive cash after 45 minutes and earned her NOC.A party hopper, who was hoping to get a ticket from BJP this time heartily, cleared all the dues amounting to several lakh rupees. But his enthusiasm fizzled out the moment the party announced the name of their trusted lieutenant and sitting Mayor Dinesh Sharma.Clearance of dues made many candidates change their mind.In Mallahi Tola-2 ward, a candidate thought that he owes no dues and went to the zonal office to routinely inquire about the NOC. There he came to know that over Rs 55,000 was pending against his father.He entered into an argument with the clerical staff who said that the NOC would be issued, only if the due was cleared. \"But the due is not against me,\" refuted the candidate. The clerk said that since he was living with his father, he will have to make the payment or else he will not be issued NOC. Eventually the man withdrew. LMC officials said that at least 20 persons couldn't contest the elections on account of the same.In a couple of cases, the candidates didn't bring the required money. \"First of all, they assessed the amount on old rates. What added to the difference was imposition of late payments and fines,\" said a zonal officer. Happy over this 'unexpected lottery' a tax superintendent said, \"The very process of tax collection starts on a negative note.... People don't greet you with a smile when you hand over a tax-bill.\"Records showed that the maximum collection of Rs 18.98 lakh came from zone-V, which comprises the posh areas of Gomtinagar and Indiranagar, while zone III contributed the lowest of Rs 4.63 lakh.In terms of number of NOCs, zone II issued maximum of 496 NOCs generating Rs 7.13 lakh and zone-IV issuing minimum of 200 NOCs, but their collections was over Rs 13 lakh. The urban area of Lucknow is divided into six zones.It may be noted that 1,704 candidates would contest for the post of corporator in 110 wards, while 12 candidates including former mayor Dinesh Sharma would contest to become Lucknow's first citizen.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13944077", "title": "Noida Extension buyers protest master plan delay", "text": "NOIDA: Homebuyers of Noida Extension on Friday stepped out on the streets to voice their grievance against the NCR Planning Board failing to pass the Greater Noida Master Plan 2021. The rally began from the Jawaharlal Nehru Stadium Metro station and, after passing through Lodhi Road, culminated at the office of planning board in India Habitat Centre where homebuyers staged a sit-in dharna.The rally, organized by Noida Extension Flat Owners and Members Association (NEFOMA), witnessed participation by several middle-income buyers, including women and children, from across the NCR. The protests were a result of the planning board breaching several deadlines promised to the buyers. As per the Allahabad high court verdict of October 21, 2011, construction of housing projects in Noida Extension can only resume after the NCRPB gives its nod.\"We have been waiting for nearly a year now for construction on our homes to resume,\" said president of NEFOMA, Abhishek Kumar. \"Promises made to us in the past have not been met. We want the planning board to immediately pass the Master Plan so that our homes can get constructed,\" he added.A major traffic jam ensued at the two signals on Lodhi Road \u2014 near the Metro station and Dayal Singh College \u2014 as buyers demonstrated at the crossroads. A traffic jam was also witnessed in front of Gate No. 2 of India Habitat Centre where buyers took to shouting slogans against the planning board.Planning board officials soon gave in to listen to demands of the protestors after nearly two hours and a small group was invited for talks. Buyers then presented them a charter of demands. \"In our discussion, we were told that the plan has been sent back to UP government for approval,\" said Vijay Trivedi, a homebuyer.With the situation becoming grim, Delhi Police soon reached and asked the buyers to suspend their agitation as it was being undertaken without approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13952321", "title": "Safe ride for kids as school buses comply with norms", "text": "NASHIK: Schoolchildren can now have a safe ride to study as most of the buses ferrying them to their classes have complied with the government prescribed norms. As many as 250 of the 370 school buses have conformed to the guidelines and at least 30 have also installed governors that will restrict the speed of the buses to 40 km per hour in city limits.With a view to ensuring road safety, the state government in March decided to make speed governors mandatory for school buses, tankers, dumpers and goods vehicles having national permit. At least 19 buses of Fravashi Academy, five of Nashik Maratha Vidya Prasarak Samaj Education Institute, two of Orchid School and two of Sapkal among others are the schools that have installed speed governors in their buses.Nashik regional transport officer Chandrakant Kharatmal said speed governors were necessary in Nashik as it would bring down the rate of accidents on the highways. Two major highways-Mumbai-Agra and Nashik-Pune-pass through the district. He also said they would conduct a workshop for drivers on June 16.While the work of fitting the governors on school buses began on May 1, on tankers and dumpers it will be from July 1 and contract carriages and private service vehicles (except autorickshaw and metre cabs) from September 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947439", "title": "SBI gifts computers to college students", "text": "RANCHI: The State Bank of India (SBI)'s city branch has donated 10 computers, 50 benches for the class rooms, two water purifiers and equal number of steel almirahs to Yogada Satsanga Mahavidyalaya at Jaggannathpur on Friday.As part of its corporate social responsibility (CSR), SBI general manager D Mozumdar handed over the articles to a college administrative official.\"The demand for computers by the Satsang Mahavidyalaya authorities was long pending.Hence we thought of granting them those under the CSR fund this time. They came up with a list of proposals out of which we accepted some and donated whatever we could,\" said A K Sinha, chief manager of the SBI.The college administration was quite happy. \"We are really happy that our long pending demands were being met. It would be easy for us to function in a proper manner as the basic needs are being addressed to some extent,\" said a college teacher.\"Students had difficulties in studying without computers so we requested the SBI here for providing us some assistance in this regard. There was serious crunch in the number of benches because of increase in number of students, but thankfully now everybody can sit as there are enough seats.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13939938", "title": "Armyman's wife raped by cabbie in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: Four months after the Park Street rape case, a 26-year-old homemaker was kidnapped and raped in a moving car in the wee hours of Friday, triggering fears that the city may indeed be turning unsafe for women. However, unlike the Park Street case, police acted instantly on the woman's complaint and rounded up the suspect, Mumtaz Khan, 41, within hours.Around 3.30am, policemen carrying out regular traffic checks on Sealdah flyover saw a woman staggering towards them. An ASI ran to meet her half-way and the traumatized woman collapsed, mumbling that she had been raped in a car and that the rapist had dropped her there barely minutes ago. The officer called his superiors and the duty officer of Entally quickly put together a team to look for the suspect.The victim, the wife of an Armyman and a mother of two, told police that she was looking for a taxi at Exide crossing around 11pm when a Swift Dzire with commercial number plates (WB04F 2892) pulled up and the driver, Mumtaz Khan, offered to take her there for 25. Taxi refusals are common in the city even during the day, and the woman had waited long enough after visiting a relative at SSKM Hospital. She decided to take the ride because she wanted to catch the last local from Sealdah at 11.40pm.The Barrackpore resident has little knowledge of the city and did not realise that Khan was taking her on a different route. She was puzzled when he halted near Calcutta National Medical College and asked a cabby friend, 20-year-old Habib Rahman, to climb in. \"Mumtaz said he was feeling tired and asked me to drive to DLF building at Rajarhat,\" Habib told police. Mumtaz sat in front and the car headed towards EM Bypass. Habib claims he did not know the woman was being kidnapped.The victim realized that it didn't take this long to reach Sealdah from Exide, a distance of barely 6km, and started to protest. \"Mumtaz threatened her to keep quiet. The woman was terrified. With the AC on and the windows rolled up, there was little chance of anyone hearing her scream in the speeding car,\" said a sleuth.A half hour later, at a dark and deserted place, Mumtaz asked Habib to stop the car. Police later took the victim on a crime reconstruction and identified the spot as near Tata Medical Center, some 25km from Exide crossing. The woman tried to escape but Mumtaz climbed into the back seat and overpowered her. Habib tried to stop him but Mumtaz brushed him aside and raped her. He also snatched her money, a gold chain and gold bangles.\"She was raped inside the car after which Mumtaz asked Habib to drive back to Park Circus,\" said an investigator. Habib was at the wheel when she was dumped on the Beliaghata overbridge and then drove back to CNMC where he got off. Mumtaz drove the Swift to his home in Gobra Road, Topsia.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "muzaffarpur", "code": "13939044", "title": "All-woman police station opened at Muzaffarpur", "text": "MUZAFFARPUR: Inaugurating a separate all-woman police station and another for Scheduled Castes (SC) and Scheduled Tribes (ST) inside the newly-built Town police station building here on Friday, Tirhut range IG Gupteshwar Pandey said a 4,000 strong force of women from civil society is being created in the town for taking up the cause of women.The IG said three separate teams of women belonging to younger generation, middle-aged and elderly ones are being formed in each of the 49 wards of this town, bringing the total number of women under one umbrella. The first SHO of all-woman police station Sunita will be the nodal officer of the teams.All the 25 team will cooperate with the women police in settling domestic disputes and complaints. They will also motivate a complainant woman to settle issues outside the police station and court through arbitration, the IG added.Senior SP Rajesh Kumar said all the staff members of all-woman police station will be women. Besides the SHO, the police station has been provided two female officers and five women constables. Similarly, the SC-ST police station consists of an SHO Shambhu Yadav, three officers and five constables. The entire district will be the jurisdiction of these police stations as far as receiving complaints is concerned.Normally, the SHO of two police stations will be the investigating officers (IO) of the cases. Superior officers in the rank of DSP and inspectors will be made IO of cases of serious nature, the SSP added.The IG and SSP received the first case from a woman Archana from Majhaulia locality under Sadar PS and quizzed the complainant, who alleged various instances of torture by her husband. The husband has been directed to appear before the IG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13957718", "title": "Meru Plus to expand fleet in Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: India's first pay-per-use car rental service, Meru plans to expand its fleet of Meru Plus cabs in Mumbai. \"This is being done on public demand,'' said Rajesh Puri, CEO of the group.He added,\"It is an unique car rental service that charges only for the actual kilometers travelled and waiting time, unlike most other car rental services that charge customers for garage to garage travel and packages of 4 hours or 8 hours.\" This transparency of Meru Plus is also combined with the flexibility of keeping the car at your disposal for multi-stop journeys, he stated.Meru Plus was launched recently by V-Link, India's largest private passenger land transportation group which also runs Meru cabs. A transparent pricing structure is its USP. \"The car's digital tamper proof invoicing machine ensures that you pay for actual car usage. So you are charged exactly according to the prescribed pricing structure and no more,'' an official said.The charges for the services will be Rs 21 per km for the distance travelled and Rs 2.5 per minute as waiting charges The services can be used for either inter-city or intra-city. Several passengers have availed of this service for destinations like Shirdi, temple town of Nashik and Pune. The cabs are fitted with GPS and GPRS systems and drivers issue a printed receipt. Other than cash payment, there is also a facility for debit/credit card payment. The service is available at dedicated helpline 33993399.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13944197", "title": "\u2018Illegal\u2019 3-star hotel faces sealing", "text": "NOIDA: The Allahabad high court on Friday dismissed a petition seeking quashing of an FIR against six individuals who had allegedly grabbed gram sabha land in Sector 37 of Noida and constructed a luxury hotel on it. The Uttar Pradesh police had lodged criminal cases against the accused persons for illegally occupying 533.43 square metres land in Chhalera village, Dadri tehsil. The court has directed authorities to take action against the petitioners. The district administration is now readying to seal the property.In its order, the court said \"there can be no interference with the investigation\". The bench further said that \"the FIR discloses a cognizable offence and, therefore, relief for quashing of the same cannot be granted\". Following the order, the authorities have sprung into action. The district magistrate, MKS Sundaram said the illegally built hotel will be sealed either by Noida Authority, district administration or Zila Panchayat. \"We will soon decide and take the necessary action against the property owners,\" Sundaram said.Nearly a week after the UP police began a probe into the criminal cases lodged against six persons for constructing the 3-star hotel, it has been revealed that the 'government land' exchanged several hands. Sold five times in the last 25 years, its final sale resulted in the construction of the Golf View Hotel on land worth nearly Rs 11 crore, police said.The encroached gram sabha land was first sold to Kishan Lal and Sukhpal of Noida in September, 1986. The duo then sold it to one Ravindra Kumar of Delhi in August, 2006. Kumar sold it to Amarjit Singh Nanglu in 2006 who passed it on to Rajpal Singh, a resident of Hathras, in June, 2009. The same year, Rajpal sold the land to the director of Golf Links Hospitality Private Limited, Devendra Kumar Gangal. Gangal then built the Golf View Hotel in March 2010, police said.The district police on Saturday lodged an FIR against the hotel owner for usurping government land through cheating, forgery and conspiracy. The FIR was lodged by the Noida Authority CEO. The Authority then wrote to the district magistrate that the construction was \"unauthorized\". The DM then sent a letter to the SSP, Praveen Kumar, to conduct a thorough inquiry and take the necessary action.Gangal has been booked under Sections 420, 467, 468, 471 and 120(B) of IPC, and Section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act at the Sector 39 police station, cops said. The role of many others, including officials of the Authority is being investigated, cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13941621", "title": "Citizens frown as dry days loom up", "text": "BANGALORE: The Bangalore Water Supply and Sewerage Board's decision to stop water supply to the city from June 12 to 14 is positively paralytic. With three days to go, citizens are already worrying about how they will manage, where to store adequate water and are booking tankers.For Venkata Rama and A Vidya Shankar, who are dependent on BWSSB, these three days will be an ordeal. Tanker operators, who bail them out on dry days, have expressed helplessness and say they will not have enough water for three days.\"We need at least 300 litres of water per day and my family is solely dependent on Cauvery water. I am shocked at how the water agency of a metropolitan city can shut down supply for three continuous days. I am not prepared to deal with the crisis,\" said Venkata Rama, a senior citizen and resident of HAL 3rd Stage.\"As it is, our area gets Cauvery supply every alternate day and the need for water is more in joint families. Private tankers are also hesitant, and the borewell is not recharged because of scanty pre-monsoon rainfall,\" said a troubled Pushpa Singh, homemaker and resident of RMV 2{+n}{+d} Stage.Residents of KR Puram, Dasarahalli, Bommanahalli, Begur, Bellandur, Varthur, Rajarajeswarinagar zones who don't have piped water supply, will be hit harder. \"We get water only through private tankers and even then, supply is limited. When there is a crisis across the city, these tankers overcharge us,\" said Sandeep Kadtane, a techie and resident of Brookefields.The Residents Welfare Association of Kalyan Nagar has planned to protest in front of BWSSB office on Sunday, against administrative failure. \"We never got clean drinking water so this is not new to us. We've got tankers to help us out, and hope their supply is normal,\" said Arun Prasad, secretary of the Rustam Bagh Residents' Welfare Association for Cleaner Environment.BOREWELLS, RWH TO THE RESCUEThe importance of rain water harvesting (RWH) is apparent now. With BWSSB announcing a massive shutoff at all its pumping stations, as many as 55,000 households with RWH systems in place, and thousands of those who have borewells, will have enough for themselves, and also to share.\"I use borewell water and don't depend much on Cauvery. In times of crisis, my neighbours have shared water from my well. If BWSSB shuts down for three days, it is the urban poor who will be hit. I plan to help nearby slum-dwellers,\" said CP Vaidyanathan, retired UN official and resident of Cooke Town.Ramkrishna Udupa, resident of JP Nagar 1st Phase, will also share borewell water with his neighbours next week. \"My neighbours have already requested me to share water when BWSSB cuts off supply,\" he said. RM Rao, resident of Malleswaram, Uma Venkatrama of Basavanagudi, Shirley Jones Macay of Whitefield and M Venkatesh of Basavanagudi Traders' Association are also helping out their neighbours.However, Bhagyalakshmi, resident of Vidyaranyapura, is happy with the 15 minutes of rain on Friday evening. \"My 9,000-litre tank is already full in just these 15 minutes! This works for a week. I'm sure if others install RWH systems and have a sump, they won't suffer even on dry days,\" she said.TANKER OWNERS WORRY TOONo doubt, private water tanker operators will make hay next week, but they too have started worrying about how to keep their business running if BWSSB shuts down its pumps. \"When we have no water, how can we help other citizens? We are not getting additional orders as of now, but are worried if we will be able to help our regular customers on those days,\" said an operator of Taj Water Supply Enterprises in Viveknagar.\"We supply about 6,000 litres eight tankers in Sultanpalya, Kanakanagar and RT Nagar. We are not taking additional orders for June 12-14 because we won't be able to access so much water,\" said Krishna Murthy of Muneshwara Water Supply Enterprises.Many other tanker agencies also admitted to turning down additional orders until it rains enough for them to store it in their own tanks.WHY THE SHUTDOWN?BWSSB explains that it is coordination with the Karnataka Power Transmission Corporation (KPTC) to get power connection for the Cauvery Water Supply Scheme (CWSS) Stage 4 Phase 2, which is nearing completion. The project is commissioned to supply 500 MLD by July-end and most civil works are over.\"It is not possible to carry out work in phases. We need power connections for the second phase of CWSS Phase 4 at pumping stations near Cauvery to commission the project. Also, there are inter-linking works to be done with pumps in the first, second, third and CWSS Stage 4 Phase 1 projects, which KPTC will be doing at one shot. This work will take 20-24 hours and we have to dry up the reservoirs and pipelines to undertake such work,\" T Venkataraju, engineer-in-chief, BWSSB, told TOI. He said the agency would try to switch on the pumps by June 13 midnight so water flows into the city by June 14 evening.\"This is the first time in the history of Bangalore that the Board will shut off supply for three days. Whatever their explanation, they could have done the work in a phased manner,\" slammed Mukunda Rao, member, Jayanagar 5th Block Residents' Welfare Association.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13945824", "title": "Jobless teen hammers pet dog 20 times, stabs it to death", "text": "LONDON: Frustration can make one do strange things. A 19-year-old unemployed boy in UK battered his new dog with a hammer 20 times on the head, stabbed it in the chest and left it to die in agony after the dog urinated on his bed.He now faces up to six months behind bars. Sean Deakin, who had owned the dog only for a few days, chased the male Staffordshire bull terrier, named Tyson , around the kitchen, trapped it between his legs and stabbed in it the chest with a six-inch knife he had grabbed from a drawer, the Daily Mail reported.The boy left the dog dying on the kitchen floor of his flat while he went to the JobCentre to sign on. When he returned home, he found the dog lying immobile and vomiting . The dog took eight agonizing hours to die.A witness to the attack alerted Royal Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals ( RSPCA), a charity that promotes animal welfare, who found Tyson's body in a wheelie bin outside Deakin's home four days later.Deakin was arrested and charged with three counts of causing unnecessary suffering to an animal. He denied the offences but was found guilty at Manchester magistrates court and now faces up to six months behind bars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "sonipat", "code": "13947176", "title": "Father kills Sonipat teen for honour", "text": "SONIPAT: In a suspected case of honour killing, a 17-year-old girl was strangled to death allegedly by her father for having an affair with a youth in Ramnagar colony of Sonipat on Friday afternoon.Brijesh Singh, belonging to a Rajput community and employed in a local factory, allegedly killed his daughter when she was asleep in her room. His wife Nirmla called up the police after the incident and the accused courted arrest while confessing to his crime. The family originally hails from Azamgarh district in Uttar Pradesh and had settled in Sonipat over a decade back.The victim's mother revealed that they were angry with their daughter as she had been having an affair with a youth living in the same locality. \"We tried to persuade her to mend her ways but she did not listen to us. We had also withdrawn her from the school recently,\" said Nirmla. The victim was a class XII student.Rai police station SHO Sultan Singh admitted that the girl had been withdrawn from school as she used to return late from her classes. But the police refused to buy the theory that she was killed merely for going steady with a neighbourhood boy. \"It's not a case of honour killing. The father was simply angry with her due to her recalcitrant behaviour. She used to quarrel with her mother often and also fought with her father on Thursday night. He seemed to be angry with her after this incident and strangled her in a fit of rage,\" Sultan claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13947881", "title": "Action mooted against illegal ITIs in the district", "text": "MANGALORE: Even though the government is yet to issue circular regarding admission to ITIs across the state, the Dakshina Kannada district administration is gearing up to take action against those institutions which offer ITI courses without obtaining affiliation from the National Council of Vocational Training (NCVT).As per the official record, only 21 institutions in the district have NCVT recognition.According to the Dakshina Kannada and Udupi District Private ITI Employees Association (PIEA) at least 25 institutions offer ITI courses without NCVT recognition.PIEA president YN Salian told TOI that to start ITI courses one should have the recognition of NCVT which is under the Union ministry of labour and employment. \"These institutions award certificates issued by private agencies based in Mumbai, Hyderabad or Chennai. However, these certificates are of no use for students to apply for government jobs,\" Salian said.He also pointed out that the passport authority would not issue passports with 'Emigration Not Required' provision if the applicants submit ITI certificates that had no NCVT recognition.Deputy commissioner NS Channappa Gowda said that he would look into the matter and take necessary steps to check illegal ITIs.\"The district administration will not allow ITIs to function without obtaining recognition from NCVT,\" added.According to Government Women's ITI principal A Balakrishna, who is the nodal officer for ITIs in the district said that the directorate of employment training of the state government was yet to notify the schedule for the admission process for ITIs across the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944813", "title": "Three gang rape accused arrested", "text": "GURGAON: Three young men, including an engineer, were arrested here on Friday on charges of gang-raping a college girl, while a fourth accused is on the run, police said.Cops identified the accused as Manish Sharma, a former cashier of Medicity-Medanta hospital and now working with the electric power plant at Jhadli in Jhajjar district, Vivek alias Bheem Singh, who has his own business, and Praveen Kumar, who is working with a modular furniture showroom in Gurgaon as salesman. The fourth accused, Rohit, is on the run. All four accused are in their mid-twenties.Manish, Vivek alias Bheem Singh and Praveen were arrested and taken on a one-day police remand for allegedly gang-raping a BA second-year student here in DSD college. All the four and the girl belong to Rajpura village in the Pataudi sub-division of Gurgaon district.The Sadar police had lodged an FIR against four youths charging them with gang rape on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958250", "title": "Mick Jagger won't make girlfriend L'Wren Scott wife number 3", "text": "Sir Mick Jagger , who has been dating fashion designer L'Wren Scott for 10 years, has vowed to never get married again.The 68-year-old believes that he is not made for marriage.\"To be honest I don't think much of marriage,\" the Daily Express quoted him as telling Woman and Home magazine.\"I'm not saying people shouldn't do it but it's not for me. And not for quite a few others it would appear.\"The father-of-seven, wed Bianca de Macias in 1971, but they divorced in 1978. He then met Texas model Jerry Hall in 1977 and married her in a Hindu ceremony in Indonesia in 1990. However, their marriage was annulled in 1999.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13943334", "title": "AICTE bid to give a leg up to tech institutions", "text": "BHOPAL: The All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) in partnership with Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) have launched 'first AICTE awards of institutions and faculty' to map best practices being followed by institutions and industry. Awards will be announced at AICTE-CII University-Industry Congress: 4th Global Higher Education Summit on November 8 this year.According to the official website AICTE, the apex body of technical education has initiated a first industry institute survey that is expected to showcase the best practices in AICTE-approved institutes in the basic specializations like chemical civil, computer and IT (together), electrical, electronics and communication and mechanical engineering. Future surveys are expected to be for other specializations and disciplines.Welcoming the decision of AICTE, Madhya Pradesh Association of Technical and Professional Institutes president Sunil Bansal said such initiatives would help improve the standard of technical education. \"A healthy competition would be developed through this award. Technical colleges would start improving conditions in their institutions which is good for technical education,\" Bansal said.The objective of the survey is to make profiles of overall top 50 engineering Institutions, streamwise top 5 engineering institutions and top 3 faculties and the top engineering Institution in each state.The compendium would also carry the profiles of companies who are leaders in industry-institute linkages, with use cases. The CII will use survey outcome both in India and overseas for promoting the top institutions for greater industry linkages.There will be three awards for overall best engineering colleges. Besides, there will be 18 awards (3 for each stream) for the best engineering faculty. Streamwise, the best institution will be presented an opportunity to enter into an MoU with the sponsor company to upgrade their curriculum, placements, student internships and depute industry-experts as visiting faculty.Top Institution, one in each state, will be chosen to house an AICTE-CII Industry-Institute-Interface cell that will be manned by professionals to facilitate industry institute collaborations in the states on sustainable basis.The AICTE-approved engineering institutes and university departments, in existence for at least 10 years as on August1, 2012, are eligible to submit application for awards. Besides, the Institutions should offer bachelor degree in at least 3 among the six streams of chemical, civil, computer and IT, electrical, electronics and communication and mechanical engineering for at least 10 years as on August 1 this year.Eligible institutions are to fill up online questionnaire, available in the institute login for existing AICTE institutes and university departments. Last date to fill the forms is August 15.ramendra.singh@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944341", "title": "Clerk dismissed for delay in property transfer cases", "text": "GURGAON: The municipal commissioner on Friday held a meeting with senior officials regarding the huge delay in property transfer cases and issued a slew of measures to expedite the entire process. He also dismissed a clerk for not clearing the files within the stipulated time frame.While according to the Citizen Charter, the property transfer and ownership change should be completed in 14 days, many cases have been pending with the zonal taxation officials (ZTO) for months together. The commissioner also ordered changes in the way these cases are handled. While earlier, each property transfer file had to be approved by at least six officials, the process has been curtailed in order to ensure that every case is resolved within 14 days.According to sources, the maximum delay is caused by the ZTOs in clearing each file. \"It is rather unfortunate that an outsourced clerk was dismissed for no fault of his. The main culprits are these senior officials who take ages to clear each file before sending it to the joint commissioner for the final approval. In fact, the ZTOs worked overtime in the past few days ever since they got to know about today's meeting in an attempt to clear as many files as they could,\" said a source.\"In a city like Gurgaon where so many properties are sold and bought each day, many files are submitted daily for the transfer of ownership. However, the residents are being made to wait for a long time to get this job done. The Citizen Charter has lost its meaning,\" he added.The municipal commissioner also prohibited the junior officials from raising any sort of objections. \"From now on, only the joint commissioner can raise objections in a particular case and others including the ZTOs cannot object. This is being done to speed up the process of clearing the files,\" said Sudhir Rajpal, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13952703", "title": "People's nod must for waste treatment projects: T K A Nair", "text": "KOCHI: Participation of local communities is important while planning solid waste treatment projects, said TKA Nair, principal advisor to prime minister.He said it would be difficult to implement projects without people's approval.Nair was addressing the twoday seminar on municipal waste management which began on Friday.This is part of a plan to rope in international and national organizations to resolve the acute solid waste treatment issue in Kerala.Nair said focus should be on decentralized waste disposal programmes and technology that would suit local conditions.Joint Secretary, Department of Economic Affairs, Venu Rajamony said while India generated about 120,000 metric tonnes of municipal solid waste every day, Kerala's burden is 8,000 metric tonnes.Though the state exceeds the national average in transportation and processing, the process of segregation, collection and disposal of solid waste is below national average.The state lacks sites of adequate size for disposing garbage.\"There is a need for time-bound strategy for waste minimization, reuse, collection, transfer, processing and disposal of waste backed by community participation, sound institutional arrangements, capacity building and enforcement,\" he said.Juan Miranda , director general, South Asia Department, Asian Development Bank , said authorities should figure out how much investment they could bring in through private participation. \"ADB is willing to share its ideas and finance with local bodies\" said Miranda.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13946639", "title": "'Air is 3 times more toxic in kitchens than on streets'", "text": "LONDON: Using a gas cooker in a stuffy modern kitchen could expose you to higher levels of toxic pollutants than roaming in a smong-filled street, a new study has found.Researchers from the Sheffield University in the UK found that indoor air pollution in airtight kitchens can be three times more noxious than traffic-choked streets. And it becomes more worse by draft-free energy efficient homes, air fresheners and strong cleaning products, they said.For the study, published in the Journal of Indoor and Buil Environment, the researchers compared three homes - a rural house split into two flats and used electric cookers and two other city centre apartments using gas appliances. The scientists took air quality samples from outside and inside the homes over a four-week period, and found that only very low traces of highly-toxic carbon monoxide in the kitchen of the rural house, but levels were much higher in the flats where the gas ovens were turned on.The gas cookers were a significant source of nitrogen dioxide, with concentrations in the city centre flat's kitchen three times higher than those recorded outside the property and well above the limits recommended, they said. The research focused on pollutants which pose biggest risks to the elderly and people with cardiovascular problems, including particles small enough to penetrate into the lungs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940858", "title": "Scholarship in memory of Anuj Bidve", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has got into an informal arrangement with the Lancaster University in the United Kingdom (UK) to facilitate an annual full-time scholarship in post-graduate engineering for a UoP student at the Lancaster varsity. The scholarship has been initiated by the UK varsity in memory of Anuj Bidve, an engineering graduate from the UoP, who was killed at Manchester, Salford, on December 26, last year.Bidve was pursuing his masters degree in engineering and computing at the Lancaster University. \"Vice-chancellor of the Lancaster University had visited the city to meet Bidve's family after the tragic incident. It was during his interaction with the UoP vice-chancellor that the idea of a scholarship in Bidve's memorywas mooted by Bidve's parents and the same has been granted by the Lancaster University,\" said UoP VC Wasudev Gade while announcing details of the scholarship here on Friday.He said, \"The annual scholarship will fund an engineering MSc for a student graduating from the UoP. The Lancaster University will waive the tuition fee and will meet the cost of residential accommodation for the said student. The benefit works out to Rs 22-24 lakh per year.\"\"The scholarship is open only for students from the UoP and is for the term beginning October 2012,\" he said and added, \"Online applications can be made directly to the Lancaster University with copies of completed application and documents emailed to the director of international students centre at the UoP latest by June 30. The UoP will scrutinize the documents, but the final selection will be made by the Lancaster University's department of engineering.\"Lancaster University VC Mark E Smith said, \"The scholarship is a fitting and lasting way of remembering Anuj, who was an outstanding student.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13946305", "title": "Forced marriages will be a crime in Britain soon", "text": "LONDON: Britain plans to introduce a legislation to criminalize forced arranged marriages, prevalent mostly among South Asian, Turkish and Kurdish communities in the country, the home office said on Friday.The legislation, likely to be introduced later this year or early next year, would also make anyone complicit in luring a British national or resident into a betrothal outside the country liable to prosecution.\"Forced marriage is abhorrent and is little more than slavery. To force anyone into marriage against their will is simply wrong and that is why we have taken decisive action to make it illegal ,'' said British Prime Minister David Cameron . \"I want to send a clear and strong message: forced marriage is wrong, is illegal and will not be tolerated.\"Officials say around 8,000 cases of forced marriages are reported in the UK annually. The British home office's Forced Marriage Unit said it provided advice or support in nearly 600 such cases this year, including 14% involving children below 15. Nearly half the cases implicated Pakistani families; others involved those from Bangladesh , India, Afghanistan and Turkey . The unit helped in 1,468 cases last year including one case involving a five-year-old victim and another linking an 87-year-old.London-based Indian Overseas Congress president D L Kalhan welcomed the move , saying forced marriages are sadly known to take place in the Indian-origin community in the UK.Authorities describe arranged marriages that do not have \"the complete approval of the parties entering into such a union'' as forced marriages. The proposed law would cover England, Wales and Northern Ireland . The practice remains a criminal offence in Scotland . The scale of sentences available will be set out in the legislation. Asked whether criminalization might force the practice underground, Cameron said his government has a new package to identify possible victims, support those who have suffered first hand and prevent criminality wherever possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942131", "title": "IPS officer Satish Verma moves HC against minister's order", "text": "AHMEDABAD: IPS officer Satish Verma has moved Gujarat high court against the orders issued by minister of state for home Praful Patel to register an offence against him for seizing a hard disk from the Forensic Science Laboratory (FSL). Verma was a member of special investigation team (SIT) which probed the Ishrat Jahan encounter case.Last year, Verma, along with SIT investigating officer V R Toliya, had visited the FSL office in Meghaninagar and as part of the probe in the encounter case, they seized a hard disk from the laboratory's assistant director B K Mistry.The disk contained photographs from the Ishrat encounter scene of June 2004. These photos, allegedly, had not been furnished to probe agency till then. Mistry had filed a complaint against SIT officials. Subsequently, joint commissioner of police and another SIT member Mohan Jha had ordered an inquiry into the incident.The seizure was carried out despite dissidence on part of Jha, Verma admitted before the court, but also claimed that it was done in legal fashion as part of the investigation.The division bench of Justice Jayant Patel and Justice Abhilasha Kumari, however, restrained the government from taking any action against the cops and directed that any complaint against SIT members should be placed before the HC only. In this complaint also, the bench ordered SIT chairman to conduct an inquiry and submit the report in sealed cover.The probe is being conducted by another IPS officer Rakesh Asthana. Verma has claimed in his affidavit before the court that the minister, during a meeting on March 5 last year, asked the DGP and IGP to register an offence against Verma. Following this, Ashtana intensified his inquiry and repeatedly summoned Mistry for questioning.Verma claimed that the minister has got no locus standi to pass such an order. He has contended that when the HC ordered the SIT chairman to inquire into the issue, the state government could not have asked Asthana to probe. \"It was clearly most improper and amounts to unauthorized interference in investigation being done by SIT and monitored by the HC,\" the affidavit reads. Moreover, Verma also raised an issue of Asthana's jurisdiction as a police officer, as he was posted as Vadodara's CP then.Verma also raised few questions as to why the government pleader or advocate general did not bring to the notice of the HC about the government setting up an inquiry overreaching the HC orders. He claimed that suppression of evidence by an expert witness is a graver issue than finding out who leaked out information to the probe agency and targeting the whistle-blower.Verma has requested the court to get the inquiry being conducted by Asthana to be quashed and sought action against all those who are responsible in overreaching the court orders.This petition may come up for hearing after court vacation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944440", "title": "HC asks government to fill old vacancies using old rules", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has said that the vacancies in a UP Power Corporation incurred prior to 2011-12 shall be fulfilled following the rules prevalent at that time. The court said that the office memorandum as amended on May 9 and May 15, 2012 can be made applicable prospectively and not retrospectively. The officers of UP Power Corporation who are eligible for promotion in terms of UP State Electricity Board Services of Engineers Regulation, 1970 shall be entitled to be considered against the vacancies of retrospective years, said a bench of Justice DP Singh and Justice SC Chaurasia. Rakesh Pushkar and other petitioners had said that the state government amended the regulations and was promoting the ineligible candidates on the vacancies, which had occurred prior to current years on the basis of new rules, which is illegal. Due to this action a number of state government employees are affected and rules are incorporated only to adjust certain persons, alleged the petitioners.HC permits Rai to hold charge: The Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court has permitted Prof Nishit Rai to hold charge as director of regional centre for urban and environmental studies of the Lucknow University. The court also said that Dr Rai would be continuing as professor in ancient history and archaeology department. A bench of Justice Rajiv Sharma and Justice DK Arora, however, said that the authorities would make endeavour to appoint permanent director of the centre within a month. The court also said that Dr Rai would not take any major administrative and financial decision and in extreme urgency if any decision is taken by him, it shall not be implemented without approval of the vice-chancellor. Dr Rai had filed a writ petition challenging registrar's appointment as director. He had contested that at time of initial appointment for five years, he was given the option to be absorbed as permanent director. He expressed his desire to become the centre's permanent director, but his claim was not accepted, which is illegal.HC directs PWD to release medical reimbursement: Deprecating the lackadaisical attitude of the PWD authorities, the Lucknow bench of Allahabad High Court on Friday directed it to issue a demand draft of Rs 23.50 lakh forthwith to a retired employee for his liver transplantation in Medanta institute of liver transplantation and regenerative medicines, Gurgaon. \"We are pained to know that the petitioner Bipnesh Kumar Jain, who had rendered his golden life to the department is running from pillar to post after retirement for sanction of medical expenses,\" observed a vacation bench comprising Justice Rajiv Sharma and Justice DK Arora.The court also directed the chief secretary to issue a circular to all the departmental heads of the state government asking them to show utmost promptness at least in the matter of medical reimbursement and sanction of funds for treatment of serious ailments.Jain had filed a writ petition seeking necessary funds for liver transplantation, as advised by the doctors on April 30, 2012. He sought the required funds from the PWD, but the department sought opinion from medicine department as to whether a retired employee can be granted such funds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13944697", "title": "National basketball camp at LBA", "text": "LUDHIANA: Basketball Federation of India (BFI) is organizing a 20-day national coaching camp at Ludhiana Basketball Academy in association with Punjab Basketball Association for U-16 boys who will participate at the Children of Asia championship to be held in Russia in July this year.The camp would commence on June 12 and continue till July 1. The selected players at the camp from different states include, Narender, Manpreet Singh, Himanshu Singh, Abhishek Rai, Mahipal Singh, Devender Khatik, Yogesh Kanderiya, Akhilesh Kumar Tudu, Saleem Malik, Ashiv Jain, Sanjeev Kumar , Akashdeep Hazra, Navdeep Singh, Gurwinder Singh and Jolam Mouddin.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13948854", "title": "Reduce VAT on CNG, auto drivers tell Modi", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Auto Rickshaw Drivers on Friday drove down to Gandhinagar to meet chief Minister Narendra Modi and make representation for reducing the Value Added Tax (VAT) on CNG.The drivers were led by Auto Rickshaw Drivers' Andolan Samiti, which handed over a memorandum of their demands to state urban minister Nitin Patel.The samiti had decided to hand over a memorandum to Modi. But later they gave the memorandum to Patel . The samiti members demanded that in 2005 when the CNG was made compulsory for the rickshaws, the price per kg was Rs 22.50. However, in the last seven years, there has been an increase in the prices on 30 occasions and now the price is Rs 53 per kg.The samiti members said that if the government fails to reduce VAT on CNG, they will be forced to launch a state wide strike.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13946501", "title": "Traffic offences to go paperless across Karnataka", "text": "BANGALORE: Come June 11 and Karnataka will perhaps become the first state in the country to have paperless traffic enforcement in totality. In a bid to ensure transparency in booking cases against traffic offences, Black-Berry services will be extended across the state. DGP Lalrokhuma Pachau said BlackBerry and Bluetooth printers for traffic enforcement have been successful in Bangalore for four years, which encouraged them to extend the services to all districts.From June 11, all paper challans and police notices will be phased out for Blackberry and Bluetooth printers, he added. A centralized database has been setup atthe StateData Centre for this purpose, he added. \"This will enable real-time monitoring of traffic enforcement, bring in transparency, eliminate discretion and reduce malpractices by police officers which exist in the present system,\" he added.Nearly 250 traffic personnel, from the rank of assistant sub-inspector, sub-inspector to inspector, will start using Blackberry for traffic enforcement. This will be in addition to the 750 already in operation in Bangalore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13947179", "title": "Blood bank in Garhwa lying defunct", "text": "GARHWA: The local blood bank which has been saving lives for several patients is now battling for its own survival for the past one month because of alleged negligence on the part of the health department.Situated on the premises of the sadar hospital, the blood bank having 80-unit capacity was inaugurated by former health and family welfare minister Bhanu Pratap Shahi on May 8, 2008. The facility has almost become non-functional due to inappropriate blood storage system. The two freezers in the bank have been lying defunct since last month. Despite written complaint by the blood bank staff to civil surgeon Raj Mohan and blood bank in-charge J P Singh, no initiative has been taken in this regard so far.According to sources, over 50 patients from the district's remote areas have been affected by to non-availability of blood in the past one month. Singh said, \"Although there is no dearth of blood donors in the district, but there is no proper arrangement of storage in the department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13951625", "title": "Business pact between Cambridge Judge Business School and Cisco", "text": "Cambridge Judge Business School has signed an agreement with Cisco, who will be donating to the school $500,000 worth of telecommunications equipment and resources. The donation will strengthen the school's entrepreneurial capacity enabling it to launch a new incubator which will be operational from June this year. This incubator will offer ongoing nurturing and support for rigorously selected teams comprising entrepreneurs for up to two years with a focus on access to mentors, cofounders, business school faculty experts and investors and will run a two-month mentorled accelerator programme over the summer.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958022", "title": "Lesbian love-making scene in 'Black Swan' voted sexiest", "text": "''Black Swan's' steamy sex scene that involved Mila Kunis and Natalie Portman has been voted the sexiest film moment in an online poll.Both actresses have talked about the scene from the 2010 film, which won Portman her first Oscar for Best Actress.\"It was really crazy, because Mila and I were very good friends. It was pretty awkward. I almost feel like it would be easier to do it with someone you didn't know,\" the Sun quoted Portman as telling MTV .\"But having said that, it was great to have a friend there who, we could laugh and make jokes and get over it together,\" she said.\"You never judge your character, so you always have justification for it - when you do it, it makes sense while you're doing it. You don't feel like it's you doing it,\" Kunis said.The girl-on-girl moment beat off onscreen sex between Halle Berry and Billy Bob Thornton and Angelina Jolie and Antonio Banderas .Passion between Neve Campbell and Denise Richards was also rated as was a Antonio Banderas' sex scene with Salma Hayek .Rounding out the list were George Clooney and Jennifer Lopez for 'Out of Sight' and Naomi Watts and Laura Harring for 'Mulholland Drive.'Jennifer Tilly and Gina Gershon's pool sex in 'Bound' and the 'American Psycho' threesome of Christian Bale , Krista Sutton and Cara Seymore were also mentioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943908", "title": "'Forensic finding won't weaken case'", "text": "MUMBAI: The forensic report that says the head recovered from Kumbharli ghat doesn't belong to Karankumar Kakkar supports the victim's brother Hanish and mother Rita's stand that the skull could not have been his because it was too small. They were reacting to the police's claim that the skull belonged to Kakkar.However, a criminal lawyer said, \"This will not necessarily weaken the case because the police would have relied on other evidence too. Moreover, the torso has been proved to be that of Kakkar's. The recovery was made at the instance of Palande in the presence of independent witnesses. Now the onus lies on Palande to explain where he dumped other parts of the body. He is in for further trouble if the police prove that he had killed one more person.''Palande, who was convicted in a double murder in 1998 but fled while on parole, is also accused of murdering New Delhi businessman Arunkumar Tikku in his Oshiwara apartment on April 7 this year. When a society resident spotted the victim gasping for help, the accused-Palande and his two associates-fled, leaving Tikku's body behind.The police managed to arrest them along with Palande in the case on April 10. During interrogation, the accused confessed to their involvement in the Kakkar case also.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "barrackpore", "code": "13948828", "title": "Trinamool worker hacked to death", "text": "BARRACKPORE: A 32-year-old Trinamool activist was murdered at Kalyannagar near Khardah on Thursday night. The miscreants first hurled bombs at Netai Das Gupta , the victim, and later hacked him to death. Two persons were arrested in this connection.Barely three days ago, a couple of days back, another Trinamool leader Ajay Swan was shot dead on BT Road at Khardah's Sukhchar. in broad daylight. The criminals fired three bullets at Swan on Tuesday morning, while he was on his way to Texamaco factory (Sodepur branch), where he worked as a supervisor.On Friday morning, the Trinamool supporters launched an agitation in front of police. protesting the murders of their party workers at Khardah in a span of three days.They alleged that CPM-backed miscreants have unleashed a reign of terror in the locality. On the other hand, CPM leaders refuted the allegation and claimed that the murders were fallout of a factional feud.Police said that Thursday's incident took place at 11.30pm when Das Gupta, a local Trinamool worker associated with a transport business, was returning home on his motorbike. Three miscreants, riding another bike, came from behind and hurled two bombs at him. \"Later, they hacked him with a sharp weapon and fled the spot. Suman Sarkar, a local youth, too sustained splinter injuries on his leg when he was crossing the area,\" said sources. Sarkar reportedly told the police that the trio, all in their 30s, was talking to Das Gupta before attacking him.On hearing the explosion of bombs, locals rushed to the spot and found Das Gupta lying in a pool of blood. He was rushed to the Khardah Balaram State General Hospital where he was declared dead on arrival. Sarkar was also taken to a hospital and later discharged.Trinamool leaders also accused the cops of inaction.Tapas Pal, the Trinamool chairman of Khardah Municipality, said: \"Two active Trinamool workers were murdered in past three days and it seems police have completely failed to tackle the criminal activities in the area. Despite our repeated appeals, police have hardly taken any action against the criminals here.\"Two persons, identified as Gopal Das and Kush Das, were arrested in connection with the murder of Das Gupta. Police arrested the duo from a hideout in Dunlop on Friday afternoon. Police are investigating into the incident to ascertain the motive. \"We are also investigating whether the victim had business rivalry with anyone. The arrested persons are being interrogated,\"We are also looking for others involved in the murder,\" a senior police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13946910", "title": "Vice-chancellor promises action in exam fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: The University of Madras is likely to take disciplinary action within 15 days against 30 officials named in an inquiry report on an exam fraud in 2011.Vice-chancellor G Thiruvasagam told TOI on Friday that he had sought an explanation from officials named by the S Karunanidhi committte, which first investigated the scam. \"We will take a decision within 15 days,\" he said.On May 31, a syndicate meeting decided to initiate action against the officials under Sections of the Tamil Nadu Civil Services (Disputes and Appeal) Rules.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943306", "title": "'Murder part of conspiracy'", "text": "NEW DELHI: The phone call Fatima unceasingly prayed for over the last three weeks never came. On Friday morning, the heavily pregnant 25-year-old heard on TV that her husband had died in Pune's Yerwada Jail. Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui (27), a suspect in four terror attacks in the country and alleged to be close to Indian the Mujahideen founders \u2014 the Bhatkal brothers \u2014 was reportedly strangled.Siddiqui's parents in Darbhanga, Bihar, are still in the dark about the murder but Fatima and the rest of his family \u2014 residents of a shabby lane near New Delhi station \u2014 see it as a \"planned conspiracy\".Siddiqui's brother Shakeel says he cannot bear to face his family. \"We are being ostracized without a chance to defend. Today, he has been murdered and we do not know if a preliminary FIR has been lodged. Forget a probe, we do not know whom to approach to get the body.'' His voice quavers with despair and anger. \"It is a day's story for you, but our fight has only got longer.''The family believes Siddiqui's transfer to Yerwada without their knowledge marked the start of the 'conspiracy'.\"We visited Tihar Jail the second time after he was brought back from Bangalore. The prison authorities told us that he had been shifted to a high-security prison in Pune. That was in mid-May. Thereafter, we received only a four-minute call from him. For the past five days, we had been demanding to be allowed to talk to him. Every day, we were told we would hear about him soon. Was this the news they were trying to give us?'' says Fatima.Shakeel says he contacted Delhi Police, its special cell and even the Pune jail.\"The Delhi cops gave us the number of a Pune jail official. After trying for an hour, we got through to him and were given another number, which proved to be a dead end. Delhi Police says the postmortem will be done in Pune and they have no role to play. Why can't we be given the body?''The family claims Siddiqui, who was studying civil engineering at Aligarh Muslim University, was set up.\"Qateel was present at Gauhar Aziz Khomani's (another accused) marriage when police claim he carried out a terror attack. The whole village is witness to that. How can that be falsified? Police claim they arrested him on November 22, but he was picked up from our entrance. He was tortured. Yet, no one came forward to highlight our plight,'' says Shakeel.Delhi Police's special cell, though, told TOI that if Siddiqui's family wants to bring his body to Delhi, they will help it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943588", "title": "Vilappilsala panchayat rules out talks with corporation", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Ruling out all chances of a negotiation, Vilappilsala panchayat officials have intimated the government that the panchayat was not ready to give in to any demand of the corporation which was presented at the last mediation committee meeting.In the meeting convened by the high court appointed mediation committee in May, the corporation had put forward the three demands before the panchayat. The corporation demanded that it should be allowed to transport the manufactured fertilizer from the factory, to transport clay to the factory for land-filling and to process the already dumped garbage in the factory. The all-party meeting convened by the Vilappilsala panchayat president Sobhana Kumari on Wednesday firmly objected to accepting any of the demands of the corporation. They said that unless the government implements the cabinet decision to permanently shutdown the plant, the panchayat would not bow down to any kind of pressure.The decision was formally communicated to minister for urban affairs Manjalamkuzhy Ali on Friday. \"We have made our stand clear to the government. Now we will present our version at the mediation committee meeting to be held on June 15. None of the party representatives want to oblige to the demands of the corporation and naturally panchayat has to stand by them,\" said Sobhana Kumari.Meanwhile, the panchayat will slam the second notice on city corporation asking the civic body to shut down the operations of the Vilappilsala waste processing plant. The panchayat had first sent the notice in May demanding immediate closure of the garbage treatment plant. The notice cited that the corporation did not have any licence to run the factory and that the panchayat holds the right to demand the shutdown of any factory that functions without a valid licence. It had also demanded the corporation to take action on the contents of the notice within 15 days from the receiving of notice.\"Till date we have not received any intimation as response to the notice. As per the municipality act we need to serve three notices before we can move the court. Accordingly, the second notice will be served this week itself,\" said Sobhana Kumari. A panchayat official said that the notice was ready and it would be served on Monday.Chandy admits failureTHIRUVANANTHAPURAM: For the first time, chief minister Oommen Chandy has admitted his role in worsening the garbage crisis in the city by deciding to lock the Vilappilsala garbage treatment plant. \"We can't use force and shoot at people for opening up the plant,\" he said during a meet the press organized by Kesari Memorial Journalists Trust here on Friday.Chandy added that his efforts to convince the locals about the advanced waste treatment plant proposed to replace the existing plant failed. \"We had held several rounds of talks with agitators but couldn't convince them as we failed to keep the promises we had made on earlier occasions,\" he said. Government's plan was to invest heavily at the Vilappilsala plant to set up some industrial units. \"The new plant based on advanced technology wouldn't have required the space occupied by the old plant. The vacant space could be used for setting up new projects. But, they didn't listen to that. I wish they would have,\" he said.CM said the government now has a focus on how to deal with the garbage crisis. A three-pronged strategy - setting up a plastic shredding unit, encouraging waste treatment at source by providing 75% subsidy and setting up advanced treatment plants for garbage treatment in cities - would be adopted by the government to solve the garbage issue. Chandy also clarified that the government would not open the plant forcefully. -- tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13944138", "title": "NCR Planning Board blames Authority for trying to bypass govt", "text": "NOIDA: The NCR Planning Board has squarely put the delay over passing the Master Plan 2021 on the Greater Noida Authority. Planning board officials told protesting homebuyers on Friday that the Authority was trying to bypass the UP government resulting in delay in getting the plan cleared.Replying to an RTI query made by a homebuyer on Friday, the NCRPB released a copy of its letter dated June 6, 2012, wherein it has asked the housing department of the state government to confirm if the modifications made to the Master Plan by the Greater Noida Authority have the approval of the 'competent authority'.Greater Noida Authority had sent the draft Master Plan to NCRPB on May 18, a day after holding discussions with the planning board, without obtaining any approval from the state government. The draft plan was accompanied by a letter dated May 18 from the CEO of Greater Noida Authority enumerating modifications made to it, including identification of green areas, corrections made in provision of water supply and power requirement, notes on density of population and removal of the urban area boundary from the map, among other measures.A copy of the June 6 letter as well as the letter from CEO of Greater Noida Authority dated May 18 is with TOI.\"No further changes were made to the plan after the discussion on May 17 and it lacked signatures of officials of the Authority itself,\" said an NCRPB official. \"We have, therefore, written to the housing department to enquire whether the draft plan has the approval of the Authority at all, apart from the state government,\" added the official.Through its June 6 letter, the NCRPB has not only requested the UP government to expedite preparation of its sub-regional plan, but also requested that the government work out 'alternative scenarios' for development of Greater Noida area considering 'present trends and critical parameters'.This acquires significance in the light of the fact that the Allahabad high court, vide its judgment dated October 21, 2011, had observed that the Greater Noida Authority had not been allocating land according to its Master Plan 2021. The court observed that 23.2% of net saleable land had to be reserved for residential purposes, but on the other hand had exceeded far beyond this limit by allocating more than 85% for all residential uses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942651", "title": "Gujjars march to new venue in Sawai Madhopur", "text": "JAIPUR: With the two-day deadline set by the Gujjars for meeting their charter of demands expiring on Thursday evening, members of the community intensified their agitation on Friday by marching about 13 km from Chhan village to Kushali Darrah in Sawai Madhopur.At about 4 pm, thousands of Gujjars led by Kirori Singh Bainsla marched towards the new venue of the mahapadav (indefinite mass protest) after a meeting. The Shoepur-Madhya Pradesh road passes through the area and with the protestors sitting on either side of the road, entry to Madhya Pradesh from Sawai Madhopur has been blocked.In fact, Kushali Darrah became infamous in the 2008 stir after two persons from the community were killed in the area in police firing. The Kushali Darrah has a narrow road traversing through two hillocks and is strategically placed for countering any move by the district administration for removing the protestors.``We will not move from the venue unless all our demands are met and we are given 5 % reservation,\" said Bainsla. \"Everyone among us are united on the issue and we will continue with our protest,\" he added.In other parts of the state too, the agitation spread further after members of the Gujjar community burnt an effigy of chief minister Ashok Gehlot in Bhandarej in Dausa on National Highway 11. In Gudla too a section of the community began a mahapadav.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13948090", "title": "Siolkars cry foul over 'illegal' projects", "text": "Mapusa: A group of aggrieved residents from Siolim on Friday confronted the deputy town planner, Mapusa, R N Volvoikar, in his office over the alleged illegal constructions coming up in the village. The citizens had a heated argument with the town planner after he allegedly denied to show them documents relating to a project in Marna.The villagers alleged several illegalities and asked Volvoikar to show them all the documents pertaining to permissions, licences, etc, issued to the construction being undertaken at Marna.\"The deputy town planner is now saying that the file is missing and he doesn't have any documents to show us. This clearly means that the project is illegal,\" said local activist Fatima Fernandes. \"We have been complaining since day one, and urging officers from the TCP department to nip the unauthorized constructions in the bud. But, apparently, the town planners are not interested in doing their job, as a result of which there are concrete jungles coming up in Siolim,\" said Fernandes said.The Marna-Siolim village panchayat had recently issued stop work orders to eight constructions in the village after local residents pointed out to violations of rules and demanded revocation of the NOCs issued. However, the villagers complained that in defiance of the stop work orders the work was still continuing. \"The stop work orders is a mockery, as the work is going on in full swing,\" Fernandes said. The villagers informed that they subsequently met chief minister Manohar Parrikar over the issue, who assured them that within three days the issue will be resolved.On Thursday, a site inspection was carried out by the TCP officials, sarpanch, panch members and the panchayat officials at the project coming up in the property bearing survey number 93/2 and 93/3 at Marna-Siolim.Initially, the owner did not allow the locals to enter the property for the site inspection by putting up heavy security. But later, after the locals insisted that they be allowed to witness the site inspection, two of their representatives were taken along. The villagers also complained that they were verbally abused by the property owner's men.\"The entire project is illegal; if it was legal, then they should have not objected to our presence,\" said Joseph Noronha, a villager.\"What the deputy town planner saw was hill cutting, felling of trees, no setbacks, no drainage and no sewerage line to these projects. They have dug a bore well which is illegal, the height of the building is also questionable, but TCP is not ready to take any action despite enormous violations,\" Fernandes said after witnessing the site inspection.The locals were not satisfied with the site inspection and the role of the deputy town planner. They were upset that Volvoikar was not willing to answer their queries.On Friday evening, TCP officials conducted a site inspection of another alleged illegal at Vaddy in Siolim. The villagers have alleged that eight illegal constructions of mega projects are coming up in the village sans the required permissions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942395", "title": "Karanj woman raped by colleague", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 30-year-old has filed a rape complaint against her colleague, who lured her with promise of marriage, impregnated her and then abandoned her. The accused has been arrested. Karanj police said that Salma (name changed), a resident of Teen Darwaja area, works at a private company. One of her colleagues Rohit Parmar from Mirzapur, developed a romantic relationship with her.Salma, a widow, did not resist when Parmar initiated physical relationship but told her to abort when she got pregnant. Parmar left her when she refused. tnn As per her complaint for past nine months, he took her to various places in and around the city and had physical relationship with her. When she got pregnant, she informed Parmar, who was enraged. He asked her to abort the child but when she insisted, he abandoned her and asked her not to mention the relationship to anyone,\" said a Karanj police official.Investigators said that questioning is on to know his side of the story.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13948359", "title": "Dosa, idli on INS Vikramaditya", "text": "MYSORE: When the staff attached to Indian Navy on-board 'INS Vikramaditya' will be defending the nation, it is the technologies developed at Mysore that will help them get idlis and dosas, the south Indian staple food.Slated to be inducted into the Indian Navy by year-end, 'INS Vikramaditya' is now equipped with dosa- and idli-making machines, both of which have been conceived at city-based Central Food Research Technological Institute (CFTRI). The machines start operating once the aircraft carrier enters the Indian territory after per-induction trials. A team from a Bangalore-based company has installed six dosa- and three idli-making machines. With the successful installation of the machines, the scientists at the premier R&D; institute are proud. \"The scientists are naturally elated. What we have developed will help the defence personnel,\" CFTRI sources told TOI.CFTRI is the only R&D; institute which has designed dosa- and idli-making machines in India. \"It is some 10 years since we developed these two technologies, which till date are procured by the industry. We are constantly upgrading the technologies, getting feedback from the industry,\" they stated. The machines, capable of producing 400 dosas and 1,000 idlis per hour, have been designed to spread the batter to pre-determined size, oiling, cooking and dispensing chutney and curry.Some four years ago, the defence ministry approached CFRTI, seeking to cater to the taste buds of the crew of the aircraft carrier, which is now docked at Russia, and is getting overhauled and retrofitted with modern equipment (it was formerly attached to Russia and known as Admiral Gorshkov.) \"They liked dosa- and idli-making technologies, and we gave them the list of entrepreneurs who have taken the technologies from us,\" the sources said, adding that they learnt some time ago that Bangalore-based entrepreneur S Krishna Murthy has completed the task of installing the machines. \"There are many technologies that are developed by us. But dosa-making technology is in great demand,\" they stated.City-based Defence Food Research Organization (DFRL), the elite lab attached to defence ministry's DRDO, has a chapatti-making machine. When contacted, Krishna Murthy, proprietor of Esskay Enterprises, said: \"We were in Russia for a week and installed the machines. They will start operating when the ship enters India. We'll impart training to the cooks on its operations once it is commissioned.\"The machines are custom-made and operate on electricity, and not gas. They are built on vibration-proof foundation to factor in the movement of the vessel. \"This is to ensure that the size and shape of dosa are maintained,\" Krishna Murthy, who got these technologies from the CFTRI six years ago, said. The number of machines was calculated based on the space available. While each dosa-making machine need 5x5 sqft space, idli-making ones need more space. According to him, the contract was awarded to him in 2007.US institute honours CFTRI chief scientistMYSORE: City-based Central Food Technological Research Institute's chief scientist Gokare A Ravishankar has been honoured by the elite Institute of Food Technologists (IFT).The US-based IFT, which is active in conducting training programmes aimed at nurturing academia for research and development in food science and technology, has honoured the scientist with IFT fellow.According to a press release, Ravishankar is the second Indian scientist to have been honoured with the award. His research contribution covers areas like plant secondary metabolites, bio-active molecules, plant tissue culture, plant biotechnology, algal biotechnology and food biotechnology. He has some 40 patents and authored over 210 research publications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948495", "title": "Police launch drive against vehicle theft", "text": "NASHIK: In view of the rising incidents of vehicle thefts across the city, the city police commissionerate has launched a special drive at spots where vehicles get robbed more often. The drive was taken up by all police stations in Zone 1 of the commissionerate on Friday.DCP Sahebrao Patil of Zone 1 said that every police station had identified spots in their jurisdiction, from where the maximum number of vehicles have got stolen. Accordingly a sub-inspector and five employees at every police station had taken up intensive patrolling of vulnerable spots, keeping a vigil not only on those who might be suspects, but also spreading awareness among residents and building watchmen about possible occurrences of of vehicle theft.On an average two to three bikes get stolen across the from different parts of the city daily. While the police have launched various programmes like combing operations and naka bandis these have still not yielded results. Crime department officials said that there is no uniformity about places where vehicles are taken either sold away or dumped after being stolen. While some vehicles have been found in rural parts of the city, many have been traced at faraway places of the state as well as the country.A couple of months back, there were also plans by the city police and the rural police about conducting joint operations with the rural police. However, this too has not worked out.Peth Phata, Makhmalabad Naka, Madhuban Colony, Ramwadi, Akashwani, Savarkarnagar, Rajeev Gandhi Bhavan, Mhasrool, Dindori Naka, Panchavati College, Adgaon Naka, Amritdham Area, KTHM College, Shalimar, Bhabanagar, Tupsakhre Lawns and Dwarka have seen the maximum number of thefts in the city.However, of late vehicles are also being stolen from residential areas. Police have therfore started organising meetings with residents to brief them about being vigilant and cautious.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13948358", "title": "CII to push for clean industries in Goa", "text": "Panaji: The Confederation of Indian Industry (CII) will put forward a programme to the state government for furthering industry in Goa.\"Not only tourism and mining, but IT and other clean industries can function here. It is our endeavor to work with the government,\" said CII western region chairman Pradeep Bhargava, while addressing mediapersons.Anil Kher, CII chairman for Goa said the IT industry was well suited for Goa but felt there was a disconnect between IT industry requirements and availability. \"IT companies do not want to buy land, they would prefer to get it on lease,\" said Kher. \"But this is looked at suspiciously by Goans,\" he added. Kher felt pollution by industry should be tackled by the state pollution control board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940384", "title": "Kin seek CM\u2019s intervention for fair probe", "text": "KANPUR: The kin of Rishabh Jauhari (17), whose body was recovered from a car with gun-shot wounds on June 5 near Namak Factory Chauraha, under the jurisdiction of Kakadeo police, has now sought the intervention of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav for a fair and transparent investigation.Dismissing police theory of suicide, the family members of the youth alleged that he was murdered.Rishabh Jauhari, son of Arun Kumar Jauhari, an average student at BSS Inter College in Kakadeo, was found dead with bullet injuries inside his neighbourhood friend Aman's car on Tuesday when Intermediate results were declared.The investigators claimed that Rishabh had committed suicide after scoring second division marks (51 per cent) in the board examinations.According to his family members, Rishabh never had study stress and they suspect foul play.His father Arun Kumar Jauhari, a cashier at an Insurance company on Mall Road, has been running from pillar to post to get his complaint registered, though four days have passed since the gory incident had occurred.Meanwhile, loopholes in the investigation of Rishabh case and the statement of witnesses and experts also lead to doubts about Kalyanpur police view that he had committed suicide while sitting on the driving seat of the car. There was no blood stain marks found there. The blood stain marks were found on the adjacent seat, which indicated that Rishabh might have died while sitting on the seat next to the driver and later his body was shifted from there to the steering seat.Police found a country-made firearm lying near the hand-brakes of the car. Several tore chits of a paper, when put together read as `I miss you', a mobile phone, a wallet and a cartridge were recovered from the left seat of the car. Two sun glasses were also found lying on the dash-board of the vehicle. Little or no explanation was given like who was travelling with Rishabh and from where the latter had procured a gun and cartridges. Besides, who is the owner of the second sun glasses and that why Rishabh had left the car's engine on before committing suicide. The window of the car next to the driving seat had been shattered by a bullet. His body was found slump towards the left seat, which rubbishes the police's theory again. \"If a person is hit by a bullet from left side, he/she will always slump towards his right and not left,\" says a retired police official known for cracking some mysterious cases.For those aiming at the head, the most common spot is the right temple (the left temple presumably being for left handers). In Rishabh's case, the bullet pierced his left temple although the victim was a right hander.When police reached the spot, Rishabh's friend Aman, with whom he had left the house prior to the announcement of Intermediate results, was missing. He had to be telephoned,\" said Gajendra, elder brother of Rishabh while talking to TOI. It is a classic case of an attempt to disguise murder as a suicide case, he added.Inspector, Kalyanpur said: \"On Tuesday afternoon, Rishabh shot himself from a country-made firearm of 315 bore inside a car belonging to his friend Aman Yadav near a guest house close to Namak Factory Chauraha. The doors of the four-wheeler were locked from inside and the window-panes were drawn. Later, it was broken by the police. He was found lying in a pool of blood. Rishabh had hit himself on his left temple, his post-mortem report confirmed death due to bullet injury on the temple. No suicide note was found from the spot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "akola", "code": "13940803", "title": "Man booked for raping daughter", "text": "AKOLA: Sainiuddin Alauddin (50), a resident of village Panchgawan in Akola district, has been booked under section 376 of Indian Penal Code for raping his eldest daughter. Ajmat Ali Shafakat Ali, a resident of Akot, reportedly cooperated him in committing the heinous crime.The rapist has two daughters and a son. The eldest daughter was subjected to sexual exploitation since six months. The mother of the girl approached Telhara police who registered an offence on Wednesday and began investigation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955159", "title": "Jaya Pradha was paid 10 rupees", "text": "When Jaya Pradha was fourteen, she performed a dance at her school's annual function. Incidentally, a filmmaker, who was in the audience, saw her performance on the stage and offered her a three-minute dance number in a Telugu film \"Bhoomikosam.\"Jaya Pradha was paid only 10 rupees for her work in the film. However, she received great opportunities and the floodgates opened for her film career.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939447", "title": "Tellapur township to become a reality soon", "text": "HYDERABAD: Five years after the proposal for the development of mega integrated township at Tellapur near Ramachandrapuram, the project will finally take off soon. But the project will come up in 100 acres not in 400 acres as proposed earlier.The Hyderabad Metropolitan Development Authority (HMDA) has agreed for the revised project proposal and sent it to the Municipal Administration and Urban Development (MA&UD;) department for approval.The project developer Tellapur Technocity Pvt Ltd proposed the integrated township at Tellapur by a consortium led by Tishman Speyers and ICICI and Nagarjuna Constructions Company in 2007 along with the erstwhile Hyderabad Urban Development Authority (Huda) on revenue sharing basis.The project costing about Rs 2000 crore includes an SEZ for IT companies, offices and residential space in 400 acre close to the Outer Ring Road (ORR). The project is also about five kilometers from Hitec city and Financial District at Gachibowli. As per the original proposal 30 million built up area was to be provided in the township in eight years for Class A commercial, residential, recreational and mixed use. A special purpose vehicle Tellapur Technocity Pvt Ltd was also formed after taking over the land.The consortium members took the 400 acres land at the rate of Rs 4.21 crore per acre from the Huda. The developer paid about Rs 420 crore (1/4th) of the total Rs 1,700 crore amount immediately. The rest of the amount was supposed to be paid within six months.But the developer did not pay the amount due to slump in the real estate market and also 240 acres allotted for the project is in legal wrangles. The urban development authority also did not insist for the balance amount payment since major part of the allotted land is in litigation.As the real estate market is recovering slowly for the past one year, Tellapur Technocity representatives mooted the proposal to take up the project but in the 100 acres for which the amount (Rs 420 crore) was already paid in 2007. After the revised proposals were submitted by the developer, it was sent to MA&UD; by the HMDA recently.The erstwhile Huda agreed to provide infrastructure like laying of special road from Wipro to Tellapur project site and Project site to Outer Ring Road at the time of agreement. Since the project is revised, the revenue share to the authority will also come down automatically. It is also proposed to withdraw some conditions like provision of infrastructure to the developer, sources said.When contacted ORR project director V Samuel Anand Kumar said the state government had asked certain clarifications from the HMDA especially financial implications on the authority due to revised proposal. The details would be provided to the government soon, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13947714", "title": "Diver known for fishing bodies honoured", "text": "DHARWAD: Every year several people meet with a watery grave in Neerasagar Lake in Dhummavad. While many pay with their lives while swimming, several others choose the huge lake to commit suicide. Fishing out bodies from the vast waters is a daunting task. Here's a man who has been doing this service over years.Ramappa Bheemappa Bandiwaddar, 54, has fished out 19 bodies from the lake so far, and when the district administration felicitated him on Friday, it was for well deserving feat.Deputy commissioner Darpan Jain felicitated Ramappa in Dharwad and presented him a cash prize from the district administration and also from his personal account.Ramappa, a farmer, is a popular man in his village. He extricates bodies from the lake without expecting any remuneration in return.Recently Ramappa struggled for two days and fished out the bodies of three students who had drowned in the backwaters of Kali on the Uttara Kannada district border.DC Darpan Jain hailed the gesture and venture of Ramappa and said he should be a role model for the youths.Kalghatagi police sub inspector Santosh Kaikini and constable Parashuram Kale were also felicitated on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13941024", "title": "Heavy vehicles to be banned on Kate Vasti-Rakshak society road", "text": "PUNE: Movement of heavy vehicles on the Kate vasti-Rakshak society road which passes through defence land in Pimpri-Chinchwad is to be banned soon.The decision came a day after the road was closed for public use for a brief period by the defence authorities. Shiv Sena workers had held an agitation on Wednesday following the closure of the road, which links the suburb of Pimpale Saudagar to Aundh-Ravet road. Defence authorities had put up a notice board along the road last month stating that the road would be closed from May 30.Divisional commissioner Prabhakar Deshmukh on Thursday held a meeting with Pimpri-Chinchwad municipal commissioner Shrikar Pardeshi of road closure and to explore the possibility of an alternate road. Pardeshi said only light commercial vehicles, cars and two-wheelers will be allowed to ply on the road. Local residents will not be affected due to the ban on heavy vehicles on this road.\"The divisional commissioner has directed the civic and defence authorities to conduct a joint survey to find land for constructing an alternate road for the local residents. The survey will be conducted next week ,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13953454", "title": "Three Karunya pharmacy outlets in Kozhikode soon", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Three Karunya Community Pharmacy outlets, one each at the Vadakara Government Hospital, Beach General Hospital and Kozhikode Medical College Hospital, would be set up soon to provide generic medicines at discounted rates to the public.The Kerala Medical Services Corporation Limited (KMSCL) initiative, modeled on a similar venture in Rajasthan's Chittorgarh district, aims at providing branded drugs to the common man at discounts ranging between 20% and 60%.The KSMSCL, which started its first outlet in Thiruvananthapuram, has decided to set up similar outlets in all districts in the state in a phased manner. The final plan involves the setting up of around 2,500 outlets at the district and taluk hospitals and community health centres across the state.The district medical officer (DMO) has provided a list of hospitals with adequate space to set up more outlets. DMO Dr P K Mohanan said the move would bring great relief to scores of people suffering from various ailments. Essential medicines can be made available at discount rates as the KMSCL purchases branded generic medicines in bulk, directly from the drug manufactures through a centralized pooling system.The works for setting up of outlets have already started at the Vadakara hospital and Beach hospital. \"These outlets will become functional within two months,\" said the DMO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938544", "title": "Corporation told to pay 5L for boy\u2019s death", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has directed the Chennai Corporation to pay 5 lakh compensation to the family of a four-year-old boy, who was electrocuted in 2007 after touching a live wire dangling from a lamp post.Delivering the order on Tuesday, Justice K Chandru rejected the corporation's argument that the death happened due to the parents' negligence and said it was the civic body's responsibility to maintain lamp posts by properly insulating them to prevent such accidents. On Monday, the HC had held the corporation responsible for the death of a couple, who were killed when a tree fell on their car in 2005.The boy, Udhaya, was playing in front of his house at Choolaipallam in MGR Nagar on April 14, 2007, when he accidentally came in contact with a live wire near a lamp post, about 10 feet from his home. He died on the spot.The boy's parents, S Damodaran and D Meenakshi, lodged a complaint with the police, on the basis of which a postmortem was conducted to confirm that the death occurred due to electrocution.Corporation blamed parents for negligenceIn July 2007, the parents sent a legal notice seeking compensation from the Tamil Nadu Electricity Board and the Chennai Corporation. Since there was neither reply nor acknowledgement, they filed a petition in the high court.In its reply, the TNEB told the court that it is the corporation which lays underground cable, erects street lamps and distributes electricity.The corporation in its reply said: \"The negligence, if at all, was on the part of the parents, who allowed their child to play outside without showing any importance.\"Justice K Chandru, rejecting the submissions said: No parents will allow their child to die due to electrocution. The Chennai Corporation should have maintained the lamp post by properly insulating it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13939834", "title": "Silver crown, valuables stolen from temple", "text": "NAGPUR: Silver valuables, including a crown, were stolen by thieves from Durga Mata temple in New Basti under the jurisdiction of Sadar police station on Friday. The estimated value of the one kg valuables is around Rs 55,000.Police said, everyday the priest would open the temple at 5am and perform rituals to leave around 8.30am. He would later lock the main gate in the noon.When the priest came to lock the main gate as usual, he found the jewellery missing. He was stunned as the temple is always crowded with devotees. Police said the thieves might have stolen the booty around 11am.A case of theft has been registered against miscreants at Sadar police station.Police said it seemed the thief was a regular visitor to the temple and well acquainted with its timing.Car windows smashed againWindows of cars were smashed once again in Vyankatesh Nagar by unidentified miscreants early Friday morning. However, when the victims went to file a police complaint, they were sent to different stations depending on where the incident took place and under whose jurisdiction.Residents first reported the matter to Nandanwan police station. After learning about the incident, police sent them to Lakadganj police station saying that the spot comes under their jurisdiction. Later, Lakadganj police also refused to take a complaint saying that Vyankatesh Nagar comes under the jurisdiction of Nandanwan police station.When the presspersons contacted Nandanwan police station, cops confirmed that such incidents had taken place and they had passed on the information to Lakadganj. However, Lakadganj police said that they sent the victims to Nandanwan police station. In the end, no case was registered.Woman robbed at wedding hallUnidentified miscreants robbed a woman of purse having gold valuables and a cellphone worth Rs 18,000 from a wedding hall near Reshimbagh on Friday.Complainant Kavita Tidke (29), a resident of Shiv Nagar, kept her purse in the wedding hall and went to wash her hands when the incident took place. Sakkardara police have registered a case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940257", "title": "EPFO finds min pension of Rs1000 a tough target", "text": "NAGPUR: Even as the employees provident fund organization (EPFO) is planning to fix a minimum pension amount of Rs1,000 a month, it seems to be a complicated affair. The central board of trustees (CBT), which governs this agency, deferred a decision on this issue when it met a couple of weeks ago in Chennai.EPFO management has suggested that in order to ensure enough funds in the kitty, either the pensionable age will have to be increased to 60 from 58 years, or do away with the provision of adding two years of bonus period to an employees' tenure.The average period under employment, according to the agency's calculations comes to 33 years, which is however considered as 35 years with the bonus. The cut will save the funds in the corpus for a longer period enabling the EPFO to meet its liability towards fixed pension. Pension is calculated at half of the last drawn pay which has been capped at Rs 6,500 a month. The pension fund as around Rs 1.5 lakh crore of corpus, covering most of the EPFO, subscribes at close to 4 crore.However, the employees' representatives in CBT, have been demanding that the deficit should be plugged by the government, instead of tweaking the scheme. \"Around Rs 550 crore will be needed to afford a minimum pension. The amount should come from the government instead of bringing down the employees' benefits,\" said A D Nagpal a employees' representatives from Hind Mazdoor Sabh in CBT. The unions have also mooted that even the employers can share the burden.However, even fixing a minimum pension of Rs 1,000 may be an uphill task for the EPFO. It has been found that in some cases of unskilled workers in remote areas the wages are below or just at Rs 1,000 a month. In bigger cities the amount may go up to RS 3,000 to 4,000, but there are pockets where even if the workers are covered under the pension scheme, the wages they draw are abysmally low, said a source in the agency.In such cases even the contribution towards the pension is less. Paying a pension higher than the wages to a chunk of subscribers may indeed disturb the calculations of EPFO. The issue will be put forth before the EPFO bosses' so that the aspect is considered before taking a decision, said a source.Pension under the present scheme is not enough. With the salary being capped at Rs 6,500, pension even for those earning more does not go beyond Rs 3,250 a month. For many lower income groups it is as low as a couple of hundreds.Meanwhile in a new development, fresh actuarial calculations of the pension fund through a different method have shown that there is no deficit. The calculations under the present mode showed huge shortfall in the corpus leading to a lot of concern. The study has been done by finance ministry, which has released the summary. Although it has not directly involved EPFO which comes under the ministry of labour, employees' representatives in CBT are demanding access to the report, the source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "daltonganj", "code": "13947473", "title": "Mail tool to extort money", "text": "DALTONGANJ: Criminals are using postal services to send messages to extort money from rich people.Police said the criminals were mailing their demand through registered and speed post and asking them to deposit the money in account number given in the letter. Surprisingly, the account numbers are mostly in nationalized banks.The registered or speed post is mailed from outside the district. The envelope carries a printed letter in Hindi. In a few cases, the criminals have emailed such a demand. Palamu SP Anoop T Mathew confirmed that in recent past such cases were reported to police. \"We have cracked a few of them and arrested the extortionists,\" said the SP.Mathew said nearly 40 people indulging in the business of extortion were caught and jailed in the past two years.The postal mails are sent to doctors, engineers, bankers and businessmen. \"I request people to contact police in strict confidentiality if such a situation has arisen with anyone and I assure actions against the culprits,\" Mathew said adding that they had developed expertise to track location, tower and EMI number of cellphones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13940853", "title": "Madurai civic body draws flak from People For Animals for dog cruelty", "text": "MADURAI: The city health officer has assured that the contract given to a private party for sterilization of dogs would be cancelled with immediate effect after the People For Animals (PFA) charged the Madurai Corporation with cruelty to street dogs that were captured for the purpose of neutering and vaccination.S Sivakumar, secretary, People for Animals, says the Madurai Corporation's Animal Birth Control and Anti-Rabies Vaccination (ABCARV) centre in Sellur drew his attention following reports that the dogs brought here were being neglected and left to die by the authorities. Many of them were more interested in the number game of showing they had achieved their target by catching the animals rather than performing the task itself. \"I came to the centre on Friday morning and found three dogs dead and about four more in their last stage and contacted the Madurai district collector, who immediately asked the corporation to take action,\" he said.Sivakumar says that the neutering of animals has to be done by qualified doctors of the Animal Husbandry department in the presence of animal welfare associations. \"The Madurai Corporation has instead given this job to a contractor Murugesan, who lives across the centre, without any knowledge on animal welfare,\" he said. This private contractor has employed three local dog catchers, including Jayamurugan and Jayakumar. He pays them Rs 50 for each dog captured, when the government pays Rs 445 for the neutering and vaccination of a single animal.If the number of stray dogs in the 100 wards of the corporation is taken into account, it would easily touch one lakh, but none of them have been marked on the leg with the v-shaped mark that is mandatory after being neutered, said Sivakumar. \"This proves that most of the animals are sacrificed in a move to produce targets for the corporation records,\" he said.Contradictory to the sterile conditions required for the procedure of sterilization, the birth control room was full of litter and dust when members of the Animal Welfare Board paid a visit on Friday. A few animals were also dying due to dehydration with no water in their bowls and it looked as though they had been caught a few days ago. \"There is a specific dog catching equipment which has a pole and a wire loop at one end that can be slipped on the dogs head with ease. But the dog catchers use ropes that often strangle the dogs when they are being loaded into the vehicles,\" he said. The authorities sometimes caught dogs that were below the age of two. These dogs cannot stand the sterilization procedure and die on the table or soon after, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13959597", "title": "Rahman is mixing and matching singers for Godfather", "text": "For his Kannada soundtrack of Godfather, Rahman seems to have made an interesting choice of singers. He has mixed and matched from his original Tamil score; making new singers sing the same tune in a different language, perhaps to get a fresh approach for them. For the Kannada launch that took place recently, some of the singers from the album performed and ensured that Rahman's day in Bangalore was a musically-rich one.The original score of Rahman for the Ajith-starrer Varalaaru, which was helmed by ace director K S Ravikumar , clicked with the audiences when it was released and had a mixture of fast and slow numbers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "amritsar", "code": "13958108", "title": "Amritsar youth killed in Taliban attack in Afghanistan", "text": "AMRITSAR: Mohinderpal Singh had never thought in his wildest dream ever that his son Boota Ram, 22, whom he had sent to Dubai to make money for the marriages of his 7 daughters would eventually land up in Afghanistan and become victim of Taliban's terror.The family was shocked and crestfallen after they received the news that Boota Ram had died in Taliban's attack in Afghanistan on June 1st .After eight days his body arrived at his native village for cremation.While talking to TOI Mohinderpal Singh informed that about a year ago his son Boota had gone to Dubai from where he was transferred to Kuwait by the company and then to Afghanistan.\"The family had opposed his posting in Afghanistan but Boota was helpless as he had signed a contract with the company and for the sake of his job he had to take transfer to Afghanistan,\" he said.Former president Jandiala Nagar Council Ravindepal Singh said, \"We don't have much job opportunities here so the rural youth had to try their luck in Gulf countries even at the risk of their lives\".Mohinderpal has urged the government for adequate compensation which would be also a help for the family.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939099", "title": "Job racket busted, 6 held", "text": "PATNA: With the arrest of six persons on Friday, the Patna Police claimed to have busted an interstate gang involved in duping job seekers.SP (city) Kim said an anonymous caller informed her on Thursday about a job racket being run from a room at Dumraon Palace on Frazer Road. \"I went there on Thursday but found no one around,\" she said and added she went to the place again on Friday and found six persons. They were identified as Rajesh Kumar (Bazaar Samiti, Patna), Amit Kumar (Jandaha, Vaishali), Ranjan Kumar (Silao, Nalanda), Naresh Singh (Naya Gaon, Saran), Umesh Singh (Parsa, Saran) and Rakesh Kumar (SK Nagar, Patna).Kim said these people took money from unemployed youths and handed them training letters. Describing their modus operandi, she said they would advertise posts of supervisors and clerks in the forest department in the newspapers of several states including Uttar Pradesh, Punjab and Madhya Pradesh and charge Rs 9,600 from each candidate.\"I met at least 10 such candidates at the office,\" Kim said and added police were verifying how many youths fell into the trap laid by the gang. Police recovered forms, appointment letters and five cellphones from the office. \"The police would get in touch with the officials of department concerned,\" Kim said added the arrested persons were being interrogated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940055", "title": "Qateel Siddiqui murder case: Much more than a prison brawl?", "text": "PUNE: Several theories on why Indian Mujahideen operative Qateel Siddiqui was killed by gangster Sharad Mohol and his aide Alok Bhalerao were doing the rounds among jailers and cops on Friday.Here are a few:A quarrel broke out between Siddiqui and Mohol around 6am when prisoners in the anda cell were ambling out for breakfast. Mohol was so angry that he later strangled Siddiqui using a drawstring. The complaint filed by the police mentions the quarrel.Another theory doing the rounds is that Mohol killed Siddiqui because he was angry that the IM man wanted to bomb Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple since Mohol was a staunch devotee of Ganapati.A third was that it was an IM hit job. The terror group wanted to prevent Siddiqui from revealing too much information after his arrest about the group's plans and activities. But anti-terrorism squad officers said arranging such a killing inside the prison wasn't possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "malegaon", "code": "13952352", "title": "Malegaon sonography and medical termination of pregnancy centres face heat", "text": "MALEGAON: Apprehensions that Malegaon was becoming a hub of pre-natal sex determination tests after a case of failed abortion and wrong prognosis was reported a year ago were proved right when a team of doctors visited the sonography and medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres in Malegaon and its neighbouring towns and found them involved in illegal practices and irregularities.\"While visiting the sonography and MTP centres in Malegaon, Nampur and Satana under a drive at the behest of the Nashik civil surgeon Dr B D Pawar, we sealed the sonography centre at Anand Nursing Home in Malegaon, Satana Naka, after it was found that the centre was involved in irregularities,\" Dr S S Dange, chief medical officer said.He added that his team also cancelled the registrations of five MTP centres after it was found that the centres were not following norms. These include three in Malegaon, one in Dabhadi and one in Wadel. Dr Dange also said that the registrations of two sonography centres, one in Dabhadi and the other in Wadel, were also cancelled as they could not install the sonography machines despite having registrations.After the raids and the consequent action against the sonography and MTP centres in and around Malegaon, the debate that the city is becoming an MTP hub for people from neighbouring cities and towns is started once again.Some of the radiologists TOI spoke to admitted that after the tight vigil against the illegal tests sounded in other cities, they were receiving frequent calls from neighbouring places like Pimpalgaon, Niphad and Manmad enquiring if they could get the tests done in Malegaon.A radiologist admitted that he found at least one patient every day coming to his centre to enquire about sex determination tests. \"They may be pranks ordummy patients sent to check if we are doing these tests. But I do meet at least one patient every day who comes and asks about the sex determination test,\" the radiologist said on condition of anonymity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944705", "title": "Udyog Bandhu seeks views on state policies", "text": "LUCKNOW: To give final shape to the state's new infrastructure, industry, and service sector investment policies, Udyog Bandhu will hold a three-day one-on-one interaction with businesspersons and industrialists between June 11 and 13, 2012.After inviting written suggestions from stakeholders, member secretary of the steering committee, Sanjay Prasad, also secretary, and industrial development will hold interactions with various industrial associations.The final policy is expected to be readied by August 2012, after which implementation is expected to take an additional month.Special secretary, industrial development and joint executive director of Udyog Bandhu, KR Sharma said a long-term alliance between public and private sectors is necessary to unlock Uttar Pradesh's potential in the field of industrial development.Apart from a conducive environment to attract foreign direct investment, the policy will also initiate bold steps to boost small industries and make a concerted revival plan for sick industrial units across the state.Aimed at achieving 10% industrial growth, the draft policy comprises provisions to enable uniform industrial development of entire state, including special concessions in Bundelkhand and eastern region of Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13944338", "title": "Attacked by terrorists, J&K; sarpanchs quit", "text": "SRINAGAR: Unidentified gunmen attacked a panchayat member's house with automatic rifles at Gaffabal in J&K;'s Kulgam district on Thursday night. The attack came days after a terrorist group had asked village local bodies' members in the area to resign and triggered mass resignations of panchs and sarpanchs in south Kashmir, where Kulgam is located.Police said Mushtaq Ahmad Bhat was home along with his family at the time of the attack, but all escaped unhurt.Panchayat elections were held in the state after three decades last year and seen as the government's attempts to capitalize on an unprecedented spell of calm and an all time dip in militant violence. The government recently empowered panchayats with more powers for more effective governance at the grassroots level.Reports said the Jasih-e-Muhammad's purported threat along with a similar warning from the Lashkar-e-Taiba is the reason why around 20 panchs and sarpanchs have quit. A number have been shot at, mostly in their legs. Meanwhile, officials have denied such resignations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13952340", "title": "Centre, state should support local bodies to manage waste", "text": "KOCHI: The state should adopt a combination of decentralised and centralised facilities for addressing massive challenges in the waste management front, according to experts attending an international seminar here.The seminar titled 'Municipal waste management: way forward for Kerala' has been arranged to sensitise local bodies and other stakeholders on the national and international level experience in dealing with urban waste.World Bank and Asian Development Bank as well as the Department of Economic Affairs of the Centre have teamed up with Kerala's Suchitwa Mission to organise the seminar. Decentralised facilities and programmes would be able to reduce the quantum of waste. But large-scale facilities would be required to handle the massive amount of organic and inorganic waste that would be generated in urban areas, experts felt.Even though they acknowledged that land was a constraint in building such facilities in the state, they said the state had no alternative other than finding some area to dispose the waste it was generating. They also suggested that common facilities could be set up for waste treatment for a couple of districts.Experts also wanted state and central governments to support local bodies in setting up common waste treatment facilities instead of passing on the burden to the latter alone.M Ramachandran, former secretary of the government of India, stressed the importance of capacity building at the local body level for planning, designing and executing waste management projects.Venu Rajamony, joint secretary in the DEA told TOI that the experts had stressed the need for sensitising the judiciary on the complexities involved in the handling of urban waste, so that unnecessary litigations could be averted.Executive director of the Suchitwa Mission G Chackacherry said the state would take steps to get local bodies on board in implementing waste management schemes by providing financial and technical expertise.Sandra Cointreau, World Bank consultant, said Kerala had made tremendous strides in small-scale waste collection practices. But the state would face major health problems such as cancer unless it took its emission standards to international level.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13957593", "title": "No job placement assistance at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya", "text": "INDORE: Students at Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhyalaya (DAVV) have no one guide when it comes to placements.There is no agency for thousands of students who are desperately looking for jobs. There was an employment assistance centre, which was closed last year.Even the disabled students are growing restless. The students complain that they are ready to work as an office but is not able to get work as there is no one to guide him.There are hundreds who are in a dire need for job but don't have the proper information about vacancies. DAVV provides financial aid to differently- able students under the 'handicap student assistance' scheme. But the amount is too meager under this scheme. They get 3,000 annually, which is not sufficient amount. They also want assistance in finding employment.Students demand that the university should help us get employment. Students rue that they study in university to get a job in future and if the purpose is not solved, the point of education is defeated.On the other hand, authorities too believe that there should employment office for assistance in getting jobs for the students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13942694", "title": "Patchy \u2018plots\u2019 spoil ring road project", "text": "JAIPUR: Despite taking possession of 60 per cent of the land for the ring road project, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) and the construction company, San Jose-Supreme have not been able to start work at the sites as land available is in small patches.The JDA officials claim that for the 47 km ring road project possession of approximately 29 km land has been taken, which is sufficient to start full fledged work. A source asserts the construction work of ring road can only begin at three points on the available land.As per the documents available with TOI, in zone 10 a point where ring road starts, the JDA has to take possession of 4.3 km, but so far has taken possession of only 2.5 km, However, according to sources, \"There is no suitable patch to start construction work in this zone.\" He added, \"Though, we have a huge chunk of land available at the starting point of ring road, the work cannot be started as the villagers in Bagrana continue to protest and the area is sensitive. Also, a chunk of 1.3 km is missing in the zone.\"Similarly, the JDA has to take possession of 8.2 km in the zone, out of which only 3.6 km land is available so far. \"We have a stretch of 1.9 km land in this zone. However, the work cannot be initiated soon as the Railway Over Bridge (RoB) has been proposed in the same stretch.\"Sources also claimed that a few land patches are situated at the middle of private fields, where man and machinery cannot be mobilized unless the entire land in the area is taken into possession. In the present scenario, the stretch of land where work can be started is in zone 11 and zone 14. \"In zone 14, around 4.5 km land is available which is the biggest. Similarly, in zone 11, a stretch of 1.4 km near Nevta is available, where the company has already started the earth-leveling work.The JDA has acquired around 1,620 hectares for the project. To construct the 90 meter transport corridor, the JDA requires around 423 hectares of land. Officials claim JDA has completed the land acquisition for the 47-km phase I of the proposed Jaipur Ring Road from Ajmer Road to Agra Road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940554", "title": "Warkaris oppose abattoir privatisation", "text": "PUNE: Several warkaris and members of various communities on Friday staged an agitation outside the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) headquarters opposing the plans for privatizing its slaughterhouse in Kondhwa. The warkaris also demanded the closure of the slaughterhouse.The agitation was organized to coincide with the standing committee meeting in which the proposal for privatization of the slaughterhouse was to be discussed. Spiritual leaders and people of the Jain and Marwari community participated in the protests which lasted around eight hours.The agitators, carrying placards, reached PMC around 10.30am. They staged a dharna at the parking lot of the PMC complex and recited 'abhangs' and other spiritual songs to condemn the killing of animals.The PMC has proposed to appoint a private party to run the Kondhwa abattoir.The civic body had recently spent over Rs 6 crores in the renovation and modernization of the abattoir.\"If the slaughterhouse is handed over to a private player, then they will run it with the sole aim of making profits. There will be no control over the slaughtering of animals,\" said Milind Eakbote, an activist.Another activist Pravin Chorbale said PMC should not look at this slaughterhouse as an income source, \"The private party has promised a huge rent to PMC. But PMC can generate that much income from other sources'', he said.Chorbale said PMC had got such proposal in 2005 too. But it was kept pending. The new standing committee should not give a green signal to the privatization plan.Only 144 shops have PMC licence to sell meat. But, there are nearly 500 odd shops selling meat in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13948300", "title": "e-Resources programme opens", "text": "MYSORE: The e-Resource facility, extended at University of Mysore, enriches the quality of research. It is not the accessibility capacity that matters, but the impact of usage of the accessed material, said Jagadish Arora, director of UGC-INFLIBNET Centre (Ahmedabad).Speaking after inaugurating e-Resource awareness programme, he appreciated vice-chancellor V G Talawar for his interest and support extended to implement Digital Information Resource Centre, which helped the varsity leap ahead, enhancing the research facilities for students and researchers.Talawar, who served in the department of studies in library science, and was proactive in the enrichment of library facilities, said researchers are now able to access enormous number of e-books, e-thesis and e-journals through the portal. The University Library, in collaboration with UGC-INFLIBNET Centre, has ventured into INFLIBNET facility to benefit both researchers and faculty members. As a result, students can now access two million e-books, 10,000 e-journals and 25 million research articles at the click of a mouse.P Venkataramaiah, former VC of Kuvempu University, was present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938308", "title": "100 more MBBS seats for Chennai colleges", "text": "CHENNAI: Two of the oldest government-run colleges in the state \u2014 Kilpauk Medical College in Chennai and Chengalpet Medical College \u2014 are each likely to get 50 seats more this year. The Medical Council of India has issued an intent letter.The additional seats will be added to the existing seat matrix, after the directorate receives a letter of permission. \"We got the intent letter on Thursday and are likely to get permission for admission before we begin counselling this year,\" said a senior official. Though most new colleges had 100 or more seats, Chengalpet Medical College has had only 50 seats since 1965, while Kilpauk Medical College has had 100 seats.The state has 17 government medical colleges accounting for 1,945 MBBS seats, 15% of which are given to the all-India quota. Health minister V S Vijay said the government sought MCI permission to increase the intake of students in medical colleges across the state by 285. Apart from a new college in Sivaganga district, it sought for an increase from 165 to 250 seats in Madras Medical College (MMC), 150 to 250 in the Stanley Medical College and 50 each in Chengalpet and Kilpauk Medical Colleges. \"We are expecting a nod for the college in Sivaganga. The additional seats in MMC and Stanley may be delayed,\" the official said.This year, more than 26,000 students are be fighting for MBBS admissions that educational consultants predict will be tougher.Analysts expect the cut-off for MBBS course to go down by 0.25 marks for admissions to colleges affiliated to the state medical university. This year, the overall scores were low in physics. The number of students with centums in biology, chemistry and physics fell from 65 in 2011 to 16 this year. \"A lot of students aspire to become doctors. The only way to ensure students get into MBBS is to increase the number of seats in government colleges,\" said educational consultant Jayaprakash Gandhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952514", "title": "57 medical termination of pregnancy centres derecognized in district", "text": "The district administration, under a special drive against sex determination tests and female foeticide, on Friday de-recognized 57 medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) centres in the district, even as the number of total sonography machines sealed went up to eight. The Nashik collector has also hinted that there were clues linking abortions to Surat, where people from Nashik allegedly go for foeticide, but that only after a proper enquiry could the links be established. In the ongoing drive against persons involved in pre-natal sex determination tests in the district, eight centres have been sealed in rural areas, while three have been sealed within Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) limits. Those sealed in Nashik are located in Indira Nagar, Cidco and Satpur. tnn\"There are 13 squads going round the district and inspecting the sonography machines and even the MTP centres. So far eight machines have been sealed to prevent any misuse of them. The people concerned are being served notice and will be given a chance to explain their stand after which required action will be taken. Besides, the 57 MTP centres have been de-recognised because of the blatant violations observed in most of them. Again the action will be taken after thorough investigations,\" Collector Vilas Patil said.The collector also pointed out that there were indications that the activities related to the tests and the termination of pregnancies were linked with places like Surat where people from Maharashtra reside. \"The teams inspecting the cases have found some strings leading to Surat and other areas in Gujarat. Once established we will request the state government for appropriate action,\" Collector said.It may be noted that Satana, Kalwan, Peth and Surgana from district share the borders with Gujarat and the most of the centres sealed are from Kalwan, Satana and Deola areas.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "attari", "code": "13942493", "title": "Sikh pilgrims stranded at Attari as railway stops Pak train", "text": "ATTARI: Around 455 Sikh pilgrims were stranded at Attari after they could not board the train to Pakistan to observe the martyrdom day of fifth Sikh Guru Arjan Dev as railway authorities did not allow the special train to enter India on Thursday.Till the time of filing this report, railway authorities had not allowed the train to enter India and the pilgrims were camping at Attari station. On Friday, the DSGMC has obtained permission for all devotees to cross over to Pakistan on foot.Sikh pilgrims, including children and elderly, waited at Attari since early morning to board the special train for pilgrims, which would come from Pakistan. Railway authorities, however, kept the international border gate shut preventing the train from entering India.Reports said senior officials of Pakistan's Evacuee Trust Property Board had reached Wagah railway station to receive the pilgrims and had also arranged for langar.\"The Parkash Singh Badal government is responsible for preventing Sikhs from observing Gurpurab. It is shameful,\" said Delhi Sikh Gurdwara Management Committee (DSGMC) president Paramjit Singh Sarna. Bhagwant Kaur, a pilgrim from Tarn Taran, was waiting at Attari since morning with her family. \"But, railway authorities are not allowing the train to enter India. In this heat, there isn't enough water at the railway station either,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "yamunanagar/ambala", "code": "13947898", "title": "Ex-cop murdered; son, his friend held", "text": "YAMUNANAGAR/AMBALA: The Ambala police on Friday arrested a 32-year-old man who allegedly murdered his father, a retired sub inspector of Haryana police, two years ago. Accused Daler Singh, has been booked and arrested in a case of murder registered against him at Thana Chhapar police station of Yamunanangar.Satta Singh, the Daler Singh's friend who helped him in murder and destroying the evidence by burying the slain victim's body in the back side of his house is also arrested by the police.Daler Singh, the accused had murdered his father after he is learned to have asked him to return an amount of Rs 8 lakh given to him as loan. The said amount was given to him out of the retirement benefits which Diler Singh's slain father had got after his retirement, Mukesh Malhotra, assistant commissioner of police (ACP) rural, Naraingarh said. His involvement came to light when he was kept under police watch for his alleged involvement into missing of his friend.During investigations police got suspicious about his activities. Police said that during investigations it was found that Daler along with his friend Satta Singh, a resident of Bhagwanpur village of Yamunanangar and the two had murdered his father Mohinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13948809", "title": "Poll play: EC official in state to supervise roll revision", "text": "Ahmedabad: The Election Commission (EC) has set the ball rolling for the forthcoming elections in the state this year. A team of electoral roll observers, along with deputy election commissioner Alok Sukhla, is camping in the state to oversee the revision of the electoral roll.Shukla, along with chief electoral officer of Gujarat Anita Karwal reviewed the facilities in Ahmedabad. The Deputy EC asked the district administration to ensure that no name was left out without a photo in the electoral roll.Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said, \"Shukla was informed that 99.5 per cent of the voters in the electoral list had photographs. The deputy EC asked the administration to achieve the target of 100 per cent.\" Shukla also visited the centres issuing electoral photo Identity cards.Karwal said that with the state government commencing an enrollment drive beginning from June 1, seven special observers from the EC will be visiting every district starting Friday to oversee the arrangement and the entire process of the electoral roll revision.The drive will continue till June 18. Apart from enrolling youngsters, anyone seeking changes in their addresses or the names will be able to do so, the officials said.Each observer has three to four district assigned to him. The observers will meet the concerned officials and supervise the entire arrangement. Once the revision of the electoral roll is over, a team of the Election Commission will visit the state to monitor the procedure and the arrangements just before the elections dates are announced.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943148", "title": "Bakkarwala\u2019s deputy held in Aligarh", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man heading the gang of jailed vehicle thief Manoj Bakkarwala has been arrested from Aligarh by the special cell of Delhi Police. Vinod Kumar alias Balia, who was with Bakkarwala and had opened fire at crime branch officers last October when cornered near Delhi police headquarters, was nabbed from the Ghabana area on Thursday when he was planning another strike in south Delhi.Kumar is a resident of Aligarh in west UP and had a reward of Rs 50,000 on him. Kumar and Bakkarwala had managed to escape from police net at ITO in October 2011 after firing four rounds at police, officers said. Bakkarwala was arrested this January.Kumar is allegedly involved in 13 cases of robbery and carjacking in Delhi, UP and Haryana. \"After the arrest of Bakkarwala, Kumar was heading the gang. He was trying to re-organize his gang,\" additional DCP (special cell) Sanjeev Yadav said.Kumar, a school dropout, and his cousin Kaptan Singh had allegedly tried to kill a person in 2003.Cops said that with this arrest, six cases of carjacking in south Delhi have been solved.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948588", "title": "Man held over teen's nude pics", "text": "NASHIK: The Upanagar police arrested Rakesh Gaurav (38) a 38 year old person- Rakesh Gurav, resident of Subhash Nagar, Dhule, on charges of clicking nude pictures of his 17-year-old girl friend and storing them on his computer. The Upnagar police arrested the Gurav after the 17 year old victim lodged a complaint with the Upnagar Police Station.According to the complaint filed by the teen, who is also from Dhule, the accused once took her to a temple in September 2010 and applied kumkum on her forehead to impress upon her that they had entered ainto a legal relationship. EverSince then, according to the victim,The two were allegedly in a accused was in a into physical relationship since September 2010. her.Further, he also clicked nude pictures of the girl and uploaded them on his computer system.The Upnagar police said that soon after the girl learned about her clicked pictures being uploaded on Gaurav's computer this, she approached the police to lodge a complaint against the accused. The accusedGaurav was produced in the court, which remanded him in to two day police custody. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13941021", "title": "HC seeks details on \u2018congestion in electricity transmission\u2019", "text": "MADURAI: The Madurai bench of the Madras high court on Friday sought the presence of the electricity department secretary and senior engineer to know about the technical details regarding \"congestion in transmission\" for bringing the power purchased from other states.Justice P Jyothimani and Justice Vimala, hearing a public interest litigation (PIL) seeking a court direction to ease out the electrical transmission corridor congestion and restraining the Neyveli Lignite Corporation (NLC) from supplying electricity generated by it to other states till the energy crisis in Tamil Nadu came to an end, said, \"Unless we know what exactly is the problem for the state in getting the power purchased by it, we are not be able to pass any orders.\"They also referred to the counsel for the petitioner Peter Ramesh Kumar's statement that Tamil Nadu had paid for purchase of 500 MW of power from Gujarat, 727 MW of power from Uttar Pradesh, but it could not get the same in full quantity, leading to loss of tax payer's money and said, \"We are astonished why the Tamil Nadu government is keeping quiet after having paid the money. In fact, Tamil Nadu government should have raised the issue. We should know details about how much power the state is purchasing and what is the problem in transmitting to the Tamil Nadu.\"The court asked the government advocate to ask the electricity department secretary and technical personnel to be in the court for replying on Monday.The judges also asked the counsel for Power Grid Corporation of India to submit a counter giving details about the quantum of power produced in NLC and the quantum of power given to Tamil Nadu, as the tables provided by them were vague.They also asked if there were no guidelines as to how much a state should get from a grid, what were the seasonal changes in power supply.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13947510", "title": "Centre in Belgaum to help you kick the butt", "text": "BELGAUM: KLE society's VK Dental College of Sciences has opened an exclusive counselling centre for tobacco-addicts. It's the first centre in north Karnataka which will ounsel tobacco-addicts freely and encourgae them to quit chewing and smoking tobacco.Tobacco is one of the major commercial crops in several parts of the district like Nippani, Chikkodi, Athani, Sankeshwar, Raibag and Hukkeri.Tobacco grown in Nippani area is recognized best for beedi production. Hundreds of people work in the beedi industry on daily wages in this area. As the district falls under the tobacco belt, the number of tobacco-addicted people is also quite high.According to a medical survey, 35 per cent of the population of the district are tobacco-addicts of which 60% are chewers and 25% smokers, said Dr Vaishali Keluskar, head of oral medicine and radiology department.Serious concern\"More and more youths taking to smoking cigarettes and chewing gutkha is a serious concern. Though the government has imposed heavy taxes on cigarettes, gutkha packets are still easily available at cheap rates.People chewing raw tobacco directly is a grave matter of concern. Habitual use of tobacco is one of the major reasons for increase in oral cancer cases,\" Keluskar said.The objective behind opening the counselling centre was creating awareness about the ill-effects of tobacco among public and motivating the addicted users to quit tobacco.Dr Pooja Janawad, an experienced counsellor, has been appointed exclusively for the centre. Since 2010, Pooja has been counselsling tobacco-addicts in this college and has motivated several people to quit the habit.She makes a separate registry of each case and follows it up.Creating awarenessCollege authorities also plan to create tobacco-related awareness in different colleges. Besides, different hospitals have been urged to refer tobacco-addicts to the center.Besides, attractive discount will also be given to patients on oral-related treatmentsthose undergoing counselling. NSS coordinator Shivayogi Hugar is one of the back bones of the center.According to a medical survey, around 6.33 lakh people die due to oral cancer in India every year, while 9.48 lakh new patients are identified with the disease. Out of them, 30% of oral patients were tobacco-addicts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957142", "title": "Mollywood is turning techsavvy", "text": "Mollywood producers and directors are ready to use the new technologies in film industry. Helicam used for the film 'Trivandrum Lodge' has gained publicity. The daily rental for the Helicam was Rs.400000.Now director Joshy is also bringing Helium Balloon for increasing the visibility of camera while shooting at night. Joshy is using this technology for his film ' Run Baby Run ', Mohanlal is the hero of this film. Helium Balloon costs Rs.90 Lakh and daily rental is Rs.13000. It was previously used for Mammootty's film ' Javan of Vellimala'. Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13948197", "title": "Parties trying to address different constituencies", "text": "JALANDHAR: While a debate rages over the memorial to Operation Bluestar of 1984 and honouring of former Punjab CM Beant Singh's killer Balwant Singh Rajoana at the Akal Takth, political parties in Punjab seem to be doing a balancing act by trying hard not to annoy any community.Twenty-eight years after the Army action, Congress may be against the memorial and even announced that it would raise the issue in the Assembly, but it is unable to justify Operation Bluestar - ordered by then Prime Minister Indira Gandhi.Shiromani Akali Dal (SAD) leaders and the SGPC that it controls may have announced setting up a memorial several years back, but now its president prefers to avoid questions rather than justifying the move. Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal has kept mum on the issue when it is common knowledge that nothing in SGPC or Akal Takht happens without his consent.While SAD leadership is facing flak for the memorial from Congress and BJP, they are also being criticized by several quarters within the Sikhs for giving the memorial the shape of another Gurudwara in place of making it to depict the \"ghastliness\" of the happenings of that day.Former SGPC secretary-general M S Calcutta said that while nobody raised an objection when the government decorated the Army officers who participated in Operation Bluestar, why should anybody object if a memorial is being raised by SGPC.What has added fuel to the fire is Rajoana's felicitation at Akal Takht. But this is hardly new, historically. Even Indira Gandhi's assassins were eulogised and their kin honoured by Sikh clergy. \"Congress is trying to identify with \"anti-Bhindranwale\" sentiments of the Hindu community, but does not want to annoy Sikhs by justifying Operation Bluestar. SAD wants to identify with strong sentiments of Sikhs against Army action, but is keen on keeping its following among Hindus intact, which it has formed in the last few yearss,\" said a political observer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13944692", "title": "Karuna: Raja will continue in politics", "text": "CHENNAI: Former telecom minister and DMK MP A Raja, a key accused in the 2G scam case, met his party chief M Karunanidhi on Friday. The party chief said Raja would continue to be in the party and politics.\"Mine was an elder brother's wait to see the younger brother.\" Raja arrived on Friday evening to a tumultuous welcome by his supporters. From the airport, he drove straight to the DMK headquarters to meet Karunanidhi, who welcomed him with a garland. \"I will continue to be in DMK as a party cadre,\" Raja said after the meet. Karunanidhi was upset when asked about the absence of pomp and show that marked his daughter Kanimozhi's return from jail \"You should not ask such questions,\" he shot back.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13959367", "title": "Sapna is the new starlet to go naked for publicity", "text": "Another new sub startlet named Sapna claims she will go completely nude for her up coming film \"No 1 Dirty Heroine Sapna\". Says Sapna, \"I want to show people like Mahesh Bhatt saab, Poonam Pandey , Veena Malik, Rozlyn Khan and Sunny Leone what real sex appeal is all about. Bhatt saab has imported a porn actress Sunny Leone for his film when I have been doing hot sex scenes for the last several years.\"\"Poonam Pandey is all skin and bone. Veena Malik has been disowned and thrown out of her own country. What do these girls have. I have done 300 films and have a huge fan following. I am the Queen of Sex,\" she said.Sapna who has acted in over 300 B and C grade films is also a producer and will be co-producing the film under her own banner SRK Films. \"Most girls in the film industry are only good at bed work. They have no understanding of camera work, dance and acting. Girls like Poonam Pandey, Rozlyn Khan, Veena Malik and others who cannot act, are making money by circulating fake nude photographs in the media. Most girls are only capable of bed work,\" she said referring to the casting couch that is all prevalent in the industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947402", "title": "Haita assembly byelection: Vintage car rally for Congress candidate", "text": "RANCHI: Mahatma Gandhi had travelled from Ranchi to Ramgarh in a Ford in 1940 to take part in the Ramgarh Congress Conference.The proud possessor of the vintage car has decided to take out a car rally to garner support for the Congress candidate for the Haita assembly byelection.Apart from the heritage car, the rally will also see Dodge vintage car.The Jaiswal family here imported the car from the US in 1922.\"It is not a political gimmick or an official campaign for the party. We just want that the voters should elect a responsible candidate who thinks for their welfare,\" said Aditya Jaiswal, the grandson of Laxminarayan Jaiswal who had purchased the car.There will be no banners or placards installed on the vintage cars.The rally will start from Birsa Chowk and take a tour of various localities in the city. \"It will take a 6-km-long tour in the city,\" said Jaiswal.The organizers of the car rally have requested Union minister and Ranchi MP Subodh Kant Sahay for flagging off the rally. Sahay's brother is the Congress candidate in the assembly bypoll.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944244", "title": "Catholics mark 150 years of priest's canonization", "text": "MUMBAI: Catholics are getting ready for year-long programmes to commemorate the life of St Gonsalo Garcia, the first saint from India.\"We observed three days of spiritual reflections and a solemn high mass was held on Friday evening to commemorate 150 years of his elevation to sainthood,\" said Vasai archbishop Felix Machado.St Gonsalo was born in 1557 during the Portuguese colonial rule in Vasai and passed away in Japan in 1597.According to some accounts, St Gonsalo was born in Gass village when the Portuguese held sway over Vasai (which was then called Bassein). Local historian Prof Regin D'Silva, who was collecting information in the Lisbon archives for his doctoral dissertation 'Bassein under the Portuguese', found documents describing St Gonsalo as 'natural de Agacaim', meaning born in the village of Agashi of Bassein.Some claim that St Gonsalo's father was Portuguese and his mother was from Vasai, others said both his parents were locals. Prof D'Silva said St Gonsalo spent eight years in the Vasai fort at and had a strong desire to be a Jesuit priest. A Jesuit priest, Sebastiao Gonsalves, was his guide and took him on an assignment to Japan at the age of 15. St Gonsalo learnt Japanese and began work in the mission. However, he could not join the Jesuit order and moved to Philippines as a lay missionary. He later joined the Franciscan order and worked in Japan.\"The Franciscan brothers had considerable clout in the Japanese court and went about preaching. Their growing power led to rivalry with the local Buddhist monks,\" said D'Silva. This enmity led to the arrest of several Christian missionaries, including Brother Gonsalo Garcia. They were sentenced to death and crucified on a hill in Nagasaki on February 5, 1597. After an inquiry, Garcia and his companions known as 'Nagasaki Martyrs' were declared saints by Pope Pius IX on June 8,1862. Archbishop Machado said several programmes will organized to commemorate the life and teachings of Saint Gonsalo and a large rally will be held in December.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940599", "title": "Two arrested for secretly disposing of newborns", "text": "PUNE: The Yerwada police on Friday detained a 25-year-old woman and her mother for secretly disposing the dead bodies of a pair of twin girls. The babies said to have died soon after they were born. The woman had consulted a city doctor for painful breast congestion on Friday. The doctor got suspicious after seeing the woman's condition and informed the police. The woman and her mother claimed that the babies died soon after their birth and hence, their bodies were disposed.\"The woman has a three-year-old daughter. Her husband had deserted her three years back, and she lives with her parents in Lonkar vasti in Mundhwa. She delivered the twins at her home at 1.30 am on June 7. She claimed the babies died soon after birth. However, since the babies were born out of wedlock, we doubt that this may be the reason why the woman and her parents disposed the bodies hurriedly and secretly,\" said sub-inspector C H Madhe, in charge of the Shiv Rana Pratap police chowky, which comes under the Yerawada police station.Prima facie, it appeared to be a case of section 318 (concealment of birth by secret disposal of dead body) of Indian Penal Code, Madhe said. \"We have made an entry in the station diary.\"\"On Friday, Kavita Yamghar had consulted a doctor, who in turn alerted the police,\" Madhe said.When TOI met gynaecologist Sanjeev Jadhav at his Shraddha Maternity Hospital at Pathare mala on Ahmednagar Road, he said, \"The woman came with complaint of congestion in breast that usually occurs after delivery. When I asked her when did she deliver and why didn't she bring the babies along, the woman said the babies she delivered were stillborn and hence she buried them soon after the delivery at home.\"Sensing a probable case of female foeticide, Jadhav, who has been running the six-bed hospital for the last 13 years, informed the police and the PMC ward medical officer. He kept the woman and her mother waiting till the officials reached the hospital.\"I told the woman and her mother that they should have intimated a doctor and local authorities before burying the babies. They said they did not know about such procedures and said they are not educated,\" Jadhav said.The woman first approached Jadhav when she had conceived. \"She was 18 weeks pregnant when she approached me first on January 24. She introduced herself as Kavita Salgarkar. I had conducted an ultrasound sonography test which had showed that the woman had twins. The woman had taken a regular tetanus injection from primary health centre (PHC) in Manjari. This meant she was taking antenatal care from that PHC,\" Jadhav said.Asked what could be the reasons that made the woman and her mother bury the babies so hurriedly and secretly, Jadhav said, \"The woman said her husband died seven months ago. That means she delivered babies when she was a widow. She might have felt that people would raise doubts about the legitimacy of the children. This may be the reason why she disposed her dead babies so secretly,\" Jadhav said.Jadhav also asserted that delivering twins at home is risky. \"Delivering twins at home without medical assistance might be the reason the babies were stillborn. The babies might have died during the process of delivery,\" Jadhav said.Madhe said the woman misguided the police and doctor about her past history. \"Her husband is not dead. He deserted her three year ago. She kept misguiding the police as well. When we inspected the Mudhwa bridge area where she and parents stayed, she said the babies had been buried. We didn't find anything at the spot. Then she started saying that she threw the dead bodies in Mula river,\" Madhe said.\"The woman and her mother are in the custody of the Mundhwa police. They will be taken to the Sassoon hospital tomorrow where she will be subjected to medical check-ups. The future course of action will be decided accordingly,\" Madhe said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939431", "title": "Travel agents arrested for duping pilgrims", "text": "HYDERABAD: The travel agents who cheated 65 Christian pilgrims and left them stranded in Cairo for a few days were arrested by the North Zone police on Friday.Deputy commissioner of police (North Zone) Ch Srikanth said out of the 65 pilgrims, 49 were clients of Assets Tours and Travels which belongs to Francis Xavier, while the remaining, who were from Vijayawada, were customers of travel agent cum guide Prashanth Chowdary.Police said Xavier collected money ranging from Rs 55,000 to Rs 70,000 from each pilgrim but did not arrange for their visa and other travel documents necessary for travel to countries like Egypt, Israel and Jordan. \"Prashanth claims that Xavier was supposed to send the money to him and that he did not. But during investigation, we found that Prashanth was equally liable since he did not make any arrangements for his 16 customers,'' Srikanth said.Police said that the accused claimed that they have been in the business of sending the pilgrims to these countries from the past eight years. After their arrest, Gopalpuram police have filed a petition in the criminal court seeking the custody of the two accused. Moves are on to freeze their bank accounts, the cops said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938284", "title": "Illegal sewage lines hampering work on storm water drains", "text": "CHENNAI: Unauthorized sewage lines running out of huge apartment complexes are hampering storm water drain works the Corporation of Chennai is trying to complete, contractors tasked with the job said. Delay in completing these works could cause inundation in many areas this monsoon too, they warn.Corporation officials said they had completed 25% (139.22 km) of the 533 km of storm water drains taken up under the 814.88-crore JNNURM. The project covers 12 water bodies, including the Cooum river, Captain Cotton Canal and the Otteri Nullah.\"We are conducting weekly meetings to evaluate the progress. Of the 1,203 works taken up, 326 have been completed and another 227 are likely to be completed in a couple of days,\" an official said. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan said they hoped to complete 80% of the work before the monsoon.Sources said many unauthorized sewage lines were found in North Chennai, especially in Pulianthope, Vysarpadi and Ganeshapuram. \"Many residents don't approach Metrowater for laying a sewage line that can cost more than 7,000. They simply connect it to the storm water drain network. So when we dig up the road, the drains get blocked,\" said a contactor.A corporation official admitted that \"unauthorized sewage lines are delaying the works\". \"Sewage lines must be in the middle of a road, but many residents connect their sewage lines to the storm water drains on the sides of the road. As a result, contractors find it tough. We have urged Metrowater to take stringent action against such residents,\" he said.Corporation sources also blamed the lack of coordination among various civic agencies for the delay. On Friday, corporation officials convened a review meeting with representatives of other agencies, including Metrowater, traffic police and TNEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939924", "title": "MBA student commits suicide in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: An MBA student was found dead in mysterious circumstances in Hanamkonda on Friday. While family members and relatives of Vijaya said they suspect the role of the hostel warden, the private hostel authorities said she committed suicide by hanging herself to the ceiling in her room.The girl had been staying in the hostel since a year. Vijaya was a native of Mutharam village in Manthani mandal in Karimnagar district. Her relatives staged a dharna demanding action against the hostel warden. They alleged that the warden was harassing Vijaya.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938728", "title": "Woman chases robber who took chain, mugged again", "text": "CHENNAI: A woman trying to chase a burglar running away with her three-sovereign gold chain and some cash, lost another chain when he stopped and snatched it near her house in Ayanavaram early on Friday. All this while, the woman's husband was asleep on the terrace.Police said N Srinivasan, 33, an employee of a local jewellery firm, and his wife S Leelavathy were sleeping on the terrace, while Srinivasan's parents were sleeping near the main door that was left open. Around 1.30am, an unidentified man managed to gain entry to the house. He opened a handbag lying behind the cupboard in the bedroom and took out the key to the cupboard.As he was busy packing the gold ornaments, Leelavathy came down to the toilet and heard a noise from the bedroom. \"When she opened the door that was partially open, she saw a stranger with her gold ornaments.Leelavathy raised an alarm, when the man pushed her away into the room and ran away,\" said an investigating officer. The woman fell down but managed to get up and chased the man calling out for help. Her aged in-laws woke up on hearing the commotion but could only watch helplessly, police said.The man who noticed that no one was coming to her rescue, stopped and snatched her three-sovereign gold chain leaving her shell shocked, police said based on the woman's statement.Later, a few neighbours and her husband, who had woken up, came to her side. Based on a complaint from Srinivasan, the Ayanavaram police registered a case and launched a hunt.\"Based on the identity given by the victim, we are checking all habitual offenders. Fingerprints have been lifted from the scene of crime,\" the police official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13941996", "title": "IM operative killed for targeting temple?", "text": "NEW DELHI: Targeting a Ganpati temple for a bomb blast in a state that reveres the elephant god may have cost IM operative Qateel Mohammed Jaffer Siddiqui his life.Accused of being involved in a conspiracy to blow of Dagdusheth Halwai Ganpati temple in Pune, Siddiqui was found murdered in his cell in Pune's Yerwada Jail on Friday morning.Maharashtra ATS sources say Siddiqui was strangulated by two inmates who were staunch devotees of Ganpati and hated the fact that Siddiqui had tried to blow their deity's temple.The two inmates, identified as Sharad Mohal and Amol Bhalerav, shared the Anda Cell barracks with Siddiqui. Between 9 am and 11 am the cells are opened for inmates to come out in the open and soak in some fresh air and sunlight.It was during this time, when other inmates of the barracks were out, that the duo entered Siddiqui's cell and strangled him with the chord of his Bermuda pants. They then came out and told the jail authorities that they had killed Siddiqui.It was during further interrogation that they admitted that they were angry with Siddiqui as he had tried to target a Ganpati temple, abode of a deity they revered. Both Mohal and Bhalerav are accused of several offences ranging from extortion to murder and are charged under the stringent Maharashtra Control of Organized Crime Act.Sources said, Mohal had earlier killed an accused right in front of a Pune court.Interestingly, Siddiqui was supposed to be produced in court on Friday where the Delhi Police, which had first arrested him from Bihar last year, was supposed to take his custody. \"It is possible that for this reason alone, the duo murdered him in such haste and then admitted to it,\" said an officer privy to the developments.Siddiqui's death is bound to affect investigations of several cases as he is also accused in Bangalore's Chinnaswami Stadium blast case and Delhi's Jama Masjid firing case. He was also an important link in Pune's German Bakery blast case as he had stayed with Yasin Bhatkal in Pune before the blast and was aware of the entire conspiracy.Yasin had given him a haversack with an IED and asked him to plant it at Dagdushet Halwai temple while he himself carried the other haversack to German Bakery. Siddiqui had failed to plant the bomb and had fled to Mumbai where he threw the bomb in the sea.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944290", "title": "Suicide bid by vehicle-lifter in police custody", "text": "GURGAON: One of the vehicle-lifters arrested after a shootout with the police on Monday, attempted to commit suicide while in police custody on Thursday night. The accused has been admitted to hospital and an FIR under Section 309 of the IPC has been lodged against him.Police said that when Ravindra alias Lala and Pradeep, who are being kept in a Criminal Investigating Agency (CIA) lock-up in Sector 46, were given food in stainless steel bowls, Ravindra held back a broken bowl and hid it. After half an hour of consuming the food, Ravindra used the bowl to slit his wrists.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944964", "title": "Kukrail centre gets over 100 ghariyal hatchlings", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Kukrail rehabilitation centre got more than 100 ghariyal hatchlings on Friday. The young ones hatched at the centre after two-months long incubation period.In the case of ghariyals, it's a characteristic sound that a young-one makes, from inside the egg, which alerts the centre staff, and they dig the egg out of the sand-bed, where it is kept under incubation. The hatchlings that come out of the eggs, are put in a box and then released in a hatchling pond filled with sterilized water.On Friday, as many as 105 hatchlings were released in the pond. \"They would not be given food for next two days but proper hygiene has to be maintained,\" said Eva Sharma, conservator, endangered species division, UP.Ghariyals are critically endangered with not more than 200 breeding adults left in the country. The new ones hatching at the centre add a glimmer of hope.In the wild, it is the mother, who plays the role of a facilitator and allows the young ones to break open the eggshells and come out. At the centre, the role is taken over by the staff members. After 50-55 days, staff start visiting the room where the eggs are kept. On Friday, the young ones have hatched after a period of 62-63 days.Every year, centre gets three to four nests in separate enclosures where the breeding adults are kept. This year, four nests were laid down. There were total 115 eggs in all the nests. A nest, on an average, has 25 to 40 eggs.If the young ones are male or female will be known after they attain a certain age, between 3 to 5 years. The centre, at present, has 134 reptiles and 105 hatchlings. The centre started functioning in 1977 and till now, more than 5,000 ghariyals have been released by it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13947141", "title": "Met office predicts cool days in Ranchi", "text": "RANCHI: The sigh of relief the residents got on Thursday because of showers will continue till the monsoon arrives, says Indian Meteorological Department (IMD).\"In the next 24 hours, there will be development of clouds which will bring rain. The sky in the city will partly be cloudy. In the past two-three days, we experienced temperature comes down from 40 to 39 degrees Celsius. Therefore in the coming days the temperature is expected to come down again. This time we hope that the monsoon will be normal which will be good for the agricultural farmers,\" said G K Mohanty, the director of IMD here.Reiterating Mohanty's stand, professor and chairman of the department of agricultural physics and meteorology, Birsa Agricultural University (BAU) A Wadood said, \"In the coming days, we will see such pre-monsoon showers which will bring down the temperature. On Thursday, there were some showers as the monsoon pressure had built up and also the local climatic conditions were favourable for it.\"Wadood said, \"The monsoon is expected to reach here by June 15. It may at the most be delayed by two-three days. High temperature led to high humid level in the atmosphere but now with low temperature humidity will also come down. As the monsoon will be normal I can foresee a good harvest for the farmers.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13945717", "title": "Small investor? No PAN needed", "text": "BANGALORE: Here is some heartening news for those who are small investors/depositors and whose income is below the taxable limit. The Karnataka high court has said that Permanent Account Number (PAN ) for a financial transaction is not applicable to those whose income is below taxable limit.It said banking and financial institutions shouldn't insist upon PAN from such small investors.Allowing petitions filed by A Kowsalya Bai and others, Justice Huluvadi G Ramesh on Friday observed that provisions of section 206 AA of Income Tax Act, 1961, which make PAN compulsory for any financial transaction, is inapplicable to these category of people as it runs contrary to section 139 A of the Act. Section 139A permits these people to file a declaration in Form 15G to seek exemption from TDS.The judge observed that making PAN mandatory would discourage small investors from investing their money for secured returns.The petitioners had moved the court after two Chennai-based finance companies where they had put their money insisted that they furnish PAN, though they filed a declaration in Form 15G.They claimed that they were not income-tax assessees and sought the court's direction for declaring section 206AA of the Income Tax Act as unconstitutional.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "beed", "code": "13940646", "title": "Four sonography machines sealed", "text": "BEED: The Aurangabad division of the health department has sealed four sonography machines - three in Aurangabad and one in Hingoli district - for not following the norms and maintaining records as per the Pre-conception and prenatal diagnostic techniques (prevention of sex selection) Act.D N Patil, the deputy director health services, Aurangabad, on Friday said so far the officials, including health officials from Aurangabad Municipal Corporation, have examined 61 sonography machines, nursing homes and centres doing medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) in four districts - Aurangabad, Parbhani, Hingoli and Jalna.He said, so far, three machines in Aurangabad have been sealed and show cause notices have been issued to three centres in Aurangabad for not maintaining records properly. A total of 35 centres were examined in the district. One sonography centre was sealed while one was issued a show cause notice in Hingoli district. Sixteen sonography centres were checked in Jalna while 10 centres were examined in Parbhani district, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13956377", "title": "Residents catch LPG cylinder thief in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: High price and low availability of cooking gas is giving ideas to thieves. After a couple of incidents of LPG cylinder theft in Chennai homes, residents of Pulianthope chased and nabbed a thief who tried to take away a gas cylinder from a tricycle of a delivery boy on Friday.Police identified the thief as Vetri, a resident of the neighbouring Ambedkar Nagar. \"He seems to have kept a watch on the LPG delivery. When the delivery boy went inside a house, he picked up one of the cylinders and ran. When some passersby chased him, he threw away the cylinder on the street and ran,\" a policeman said.They nabbed the thief after a brief chase. The cylinder was recovered and handed over to the cylinder delivery boy Navin Kumar. The residents handed over the thief to the Pulianthope police. Police registered a case and arrested Vetri.A domestic LPG cylinder is worth more than Rs 1,000 in the black market.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943101", "title": "Delhi University's helplines buzzing with calls from aspirants", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University's helplines have been buzzing with calls from aspirants enquiring which college is better than the other. They are also concerned if they should let go of a popular college to study a better course elsewhere.DU officials say the aspirants need to make an informed choice. While the old campus colleges have brand value, the newer colleges have got better courses and infrastructure. A right choice at this stage, made without any peer or parental pressure, can go a log way in establishing a good career, they said.\"All DU colleges teach the same syllabus and have equally qualified teachers. They all provide good exposure to students in various fields,\" said Dinesh Varshney, deputy dean, students' welfare, South Campus. He insisted that colleges now focus on an all-round development of students irrespective of their location.Often aspirants take up any course just to be in a popular college when they could have been studying a course of their choice in an upcoming college. Prateek Kalra, an aspiring commerce student, is worried that he would not get a seat in Shri Ram College of Commerce. At 93% however, he can take up BCom (H) in an off-campus college. \"I feel a little heart-broken. I wanted to be in SRCC but it's not going to happen now. I am wondering whether to take up a humanities course in another North Campus college,\" he said.In such a case, Sunil Sondhi, principal of Maharaja Agrasen College, advises that aspirants should spend a day exploring colleges in east and west Delhi too. \"We have one of the biggest campuses, a new building, big and well-equipped laboratories and cultural facilities. While the off-campus colleges have better courses and administration, older colleges are facing many internal problems,\" Sondhi said.SRCC principal P C Jain said, \"College is important as it provides students with a natural advantage. But even if aspirants can't get into SRCC, that's not the end of life. Wherever they go, they should work hard enough to beat even the best.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940564", "title": "Cops, VCA face-off over Rs 2.8cr security bill", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur city and rural police and Vidarbha Cricket Association seem headed for a showdown over payment of dues for security arrangements provided for cricket matches held in city over the last couple of years. While the police department is claiming dues running into crores of rupees, the regional body of the game denies it outright.The Nagpur rural police have claimed that VCA was yet to pay their dues to the tune of Rs 2 crore. A reliable source from the city police claimed that VCA also did not clear their dues of around Rs 80 lakh. These pertain to security and traffic arrangements made for matches held at VCA's new Jamtha stadium.While rural police are learnt to have sent VCA even a reminder for clearing the dues, their city counterpart are learnt to be facing unique problem regarding their claims. It has come to fore that the records of the accounts and details of the expenses, which now are to be recovered from VCA, have been misplaced as papers moved between the offices of city police chief and special branch that supervises the security.Though the Jamtha stadium is under the jurisdiction of the rural police, security of players and their to-and-fro journeys between the airport to hotels and the venue are looked after by the city police. Apart from the cricketers, security arrangements for VVIPs and VIPs coming for the matches are provided by the rural and city police in their respective limits.City police chief Ankush Dhanvijay said there should be clear guidelines regarding the recovery of dues from such associations. Superintendent of police, rural, Manoj Sharma said he had already reminded VCA once about the payment. \"There is no response from VCA so far,\" he said.An activist recently sought information through Right to Information Act about the dues. The city police told RTI activist Abhay Kolarkar that so far it had received Rs 7.99 lakhs and provided around 625 personnel for bandobast between January 1, 2010, and December 31, 2011.Several top VCA officials spoke to TOI but refused to come on record. According to a senior VCA official, the police departments' claims are unsubstantiated. \"We have cleared every due towards the police department,\" said the official. \"The only dues that remain are towards two cranes that were pressed into actions for clearing any snarls due to vehicles breaking down near Khapri flyover. The arrangement was made following an agreement between the VCA and police department. The reference was later made regarding the issue of clearing this due towards hiring of cranes to the office of the state director general of police. The file is still pending in the office of the state DGP,\" said the official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "13948084", "title": "Delayed monsoon slows down agricultural activities", "text": "MADIKERI: Delayed monsoon seems to have affected farming activities in Kodagu district. Loads of paddy seeds are lying idle in godowns as there is a lack of demand from farmers.According to district agricultural officer Ramesh, a huge quantity of paddy seeds stocked in godowns expecting high demand this season is yet to be sold. In Madikeri taluk, 130 quintals of thunga and intan variety seeds are lying in the godowns. The situation is no different in Somwarpet taluk where out of the total 645 quintals, only 100 quintals have been sold so far. In Virajpet taluk, of the 314 quintals, only 80 quintals seeds are sold.In Virajpet and Somwarpet taluks, thunga, thanu, S.R.I.R. 64 and I.R.3086 varieties of paddy seeds are available, Ramesh said.The department was expecting to cultivate 35,000 hectares of paddy this year in Kodagu which has 39,250 hectares of agricultural area. There were plans to cultivate 8,000 hectares in Madikeri taluk, 11,000 hectares in Somwarpet taluk and 16,000 hectares in Virajpet taluk.In Somwarpet, 3,500 hectares will be used for maize cultivation, 500 hectares for ragi and 250 hectares for tobacco cultivation. Out of the 361.1 quintal maize stored, only 205.05 quintals are sold so far.At Kudige marketing federation godown 18,000 metric tonnes of manure is lying unsold. Sowing is still not done due to dry weather in many parts of the district, Ramesh said.Last year, the region received an average of 245.50 mm rainfall from January to May end.This year, only 187.55 mm rain was recorded during the same period. The agricultural department has identified 30 places which are expected to receive heavy rainfall and advised the farmers in these areas to start paddy transplantation a bit late to avoid damage to the plants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ara/patna", "code": "13939446", "title": "Mukhiya murder: Two suspects give SIT the slip", "text": "ARA/PATNA: The Special Investigation Team (SIT) probing the murder of Brahmeshwar Singh alias Mukhiyaji conducted raid at the residence of Binod Chaudhary at Katira locality under the Nawada police station area here in Bhojpur district on Friday to arrest Abhay Pandey, son of Surendra Pandey, and his friend Mugal alias Sonu, son of Binod Chaudhary, but both of them succeeded in giving the slip to the team.Later in the day, chief judicial magistrate, Ara, P K Ojha issued a non-bailable warrant against Abhay Pandey.So far, the SIT has arrested two suspects Monu Rai and Sunny Singh, who were forwarded to judicial custody in Ara jail on Thursday. Kunal Pandey, brother-in-law of a JD (U) MLA, and Riteshwar Pandit, the MLA's driver were also arrested, but they were released after interrogation. The SIT is likely to conduct polygraphy test of Monu and Sunny Singh during their interrogation. Sunny was arrested from Patna and Monu from Jamshedpur, and they were taken on five-day police remand on Friday for interrogation. ADG, headquarters, Ravindra Kumar, said that some other persons were also being interrogated.The polygraphy test, also called lie-detector test, tries to scientifically ascertain if the suspects or accused are lying during their interrogation. This helps police judge the involvement of suspects or accused in any act of crime.Meanwhile, Jagdish Sharma, Jehanabad MP, and Awadhesh Narain Singh, MLC, visited Khopira village, the native village of slain Brahmeshwar Singh, to console the bereaved family. On Thursday, Giriraj Singh had visited Khopira village and described Singh as the Gandhi of Ara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943917", "title": "Google Developer Group holds seminar at DAVV", "text": "INDORE: The members of newly-formed Google Developer Group (GDG) at DAVV organized their first event at Fortune Landmark Hotel on Friday. Programme manager Uttam Kumar Tripathi, developer relations at google Hyderabad was the chief guest. He addressed the audience in Indore and spoke on various topics including HTML5 Chrome extension and others.This initiative taken by the six committee members will promote communication between students and Google. There are 395 GDG groups in 96 countries and GDG Indore is one of them.According to Manasi Dronkar, a management student in Prestige institute, \"I attended the seminar to add to my technical knowledge, and acquaint myself with the details of the upcoming softwares. The seminar was very interactive and I gained a lot from it.\"sGDG manager Dhati Misra said this was the first event organized by Google in MP and was attended by 250 people including students, head of various departments and teachers from different colleges in Indore. Suyash Dixit, Jayant Parchure and Rishabh Vaswani spoke about Android application develpoment and Google application engine. Vrinda Tokekar, mentor of GDG Indore praised the efforts put in by her students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939477", "title": "Court reserves orders on Gali Janardhan Reddy aide", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI court, which heard the objections to the action of the CBI in adding Mehfuz Ali Khan, the PA of mining baron Gali Janardhan Reddy as an accused in the illegal mining case and also on the CBI petition that sought his appearance in Hyderabad on PT warrant, reserved its orders to June 14.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13945759", "title": "Extra coach for tatkal waitlisted on Central Railway trains", "text": "Central Railway will add a second class coach on the Mumbai-Madgaon Janshatabdi Express, Mumbai-Aurangabad Janshatabdi Express and Mumbai-Pune Deccan Express from June 10 to June 30 for tatkal waitlisted passengers.If any seats remain in the coach after confirming passengers on the tatkal waitlisted, they will be given to normal waitlisted passengers. Bookings will open from June 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13943278", "title": "Oxygen may fight cancerous tumours: Study", "text": "NEW DELHI: Oxygen therapy may be the answer to cancer, scientists from JNU have found. A research study carried out by JNU's school of biotechnology has revealed that exposing cancerous tumours to pure oxygen can help shrink them drastically.The JNU team, in collaboration with department of internal medicine, Davis Heart and Lung Research Institute, Ohio State University, tried the method on mice with hypoxic (lacking oxygen) tumours. The researchers \u2014 for the first time \u2014 measured the oxygen concentration in these tumours and found it to be 1.8 % in core cells as against 21.8% in normal cells. Repeated oxygenation at normal resulted in an eight-fold increase in cell death and significant regression of tumours. The research paper has been published in the Journal of Cell Death and Disease.The degree of hypoxia in tumours is variable. \"We grew tumour xenografts in mice and the tumours were treated with cisplatin (breast cancer drug) for 20 days. These tumours were then exposed to 30-50% oxygen for three hours per day. The results showed that re-oxygenation induced around 77% regression in breast and colon tumours. Interestingly, re-oxygenation also activated genes that cause cell death,\" said lead scientist from JNU, Uttam Pati. Hypoxic tumours are resistant to radiation and chemotherapy. \"Hypoxia is a survival technique for cancer cell to progress. \", he said.However, scientists say it may take some time before the remedy can be tried on humans. First, a mechanism to deliver pure oxygen to human tumours has to be devised. Since the tumours in mice were smaller, it was easier to expose them to oxygen. Also, getting the approval for human trials will take time. \"It has been established that oxygen is very useful in treating hypoxic tumours that are usually resistant to other treatment. But the problem is that the oxygen has to reach the hypoxic region. An efficient method to deliver oxygen has not yet been established. That's a challenge.\" said Dr Moni Abraham Kuriakose, an oncologist.Oxygen therapy is not unknown to doctors in western countries. Oxygen bars in these places can be compared with our age-old pranayam system where a synchronized breathing process helps boost immunity. The technique was tried in the 1980s. It involved the use of pressurized oxygen to shrink the tumour but the process had various side effects. Patients often suffered toxic seizures and radiation injuries. However, in the current study, non-pressurized oxygen is being used to avoid side effects.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13948374", "title": "Science is a way of life for her", "text": "Most retired people like to spend the evening of their lives with family. But septuagenarian Srimati Hariprasad prefers to engage herself in promoting science among students.In 1996, Srimati retired as the head of Information and Publicity at Central Food Technological Research Institute (CFTRI). She was a regular contributor to science periodicals and newsletters like 'Aahara Vignana' published at CFTRI.Post-retirement, she started contributing articles to science monthly magazine 'Baala Vignana'. And for the past six years, she has been working as its chief editor. Besides being a contributor, she has also organized many science-based events. Among them are discussion and lecture programmes under Karnataka Rajya Vignana Parishat and many editions of science exhibition for degree college students.\"People are not internalizing science, and so are losing track of social wisdom,\" Srimati says, adding: \"Students should learn science in a logical manner, unlike how they study theory subjects, where they forget everything after the exams.\"She has even worked on seven-volume encyclopedia 'Gnana Gangotri' which has info about biological science, machine, sport, art, culture, etc. The 76-year-old ever-enthusiastic woman has also conducted various workshops for children in summer camps. For nearly 10 years, she conducted science workshops in summer camps at Mahajana's College.She has also written scripts and directed science-based plays exclusively for Akashavani.She has successfully co-ordinated National Children Science Congress and third National Teachers' Science Conference in 2002 and 2006, respectively. For her contribution to the field of science, Srimati has been honoured with National Award (2007), Kalpana Chawla Award and Nrupatungashree Award.This mother of two, being an amateur artiste, has also acted in many English and Kannada plays. She is also shown her singing skills through Akashavani. She also conducts discussions called 'Sahitya Chawadi' at Kalas Sruchi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939076", "title": "Govt, Bathini family had equal role in tragedy", "text": "HYDERABAD: It was a combination of land interests on the part of the Bathini family and a thoughtless go ahead from the state government for the fish prasadam event at the Kattedan sports complex that ensured the tragedy leading to the death of one person and injuries to scores of others on Friday.The Bathini Trust was, in 2003, allotted five acres of land at Kattedan for hosting the event but non-utilization of the same by the family led the government to reclaim it in 2008. That matter is in the court now. According to sources, last year, soon after the conclusion of the fish prasadam camp at Exhibition Grounds, the Bathini family agreed to hold this year's event at the police stadium at Kattedan, next to the five-acre plot that is now enmeshed in a legal dispute.The confusion started about a month back when the Bathini family sought permission from the state government to hold the camp on the land that had been allotted to them in Kattedan in place of the police stadium venue agreed upon earlier. \"However, permission was refused on the grounds that the matter is in court. Why did they wait till the last minute to finalise the venue,\" wondered a state government official. In the drama that unfolded in the last few days, the Bathini family was advised by the authorities to try for the Exhibition Grounds venue for June 8-9, the dates when the fish prasadam is administered to scores of asthma patients from all over the country. \"They requested the venue for Wednesday, June 6. But it was already booked,\" said Exhibition Society superintendent OSR Shastri.Finding no other site, the Bathini family then pleaded with the state government for the Kattedan sports complex just about 48 hours before the event was to be held. Finally, \"on Wednesday evening, we received a memo directing us to make arrangements for the fish prasadam event to be held at the Kattedan sports complex on Friday and Saturday,\" Rangareddy district collector V Seshadri told TOI.Ironically, Shamshabad police had already submitted a report to higher authorities on the feasibility of having Kattedan sports complex host a public event of a large magnitude. \"The report clearly stated that the sports complex was totally inappropriate as a venue since it has no facilities to hold a event as big as the fish prasadam camp. There are no seating arrangements, no barricades, no provision for water, toilets, and other basic facilities. In fact, the stadium is in such a bad shape that the main gate does not even have a lock; we used a wire as a makeshift lock,\" said a police official.Thus by Thursday, the eve of the fish prasadam event, a tragedy was waiting to happen. The roads and buildings department , which puts up barricades, was not even aware of its responsibility. And collector Seshadri could cobble up a team of officials only by late Thursday to hold a meeting for organizing an event on the morrow which could see about one lakh people converge at one place under their jurisdiction. And, predictably, Friday morning saw the tragic events unfold.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13939820", "title": "Naik slams UPA for petrol shock", "text": "NEW DELHI: The UPA's policy vacuum has played havoc with the country's energy security and hit consumers hard with the steepest-ever increase in petrol price, former oil minister Ram Naik on said on Friday.\"An increase of Rs 7.50 at one go is unprecedented in the history of India's oil sector. They (UPA) do not have any petroleum policy and take ad-hoc decisions. As a result consumers are paying more and more but national oil companies are being forced into financial anarchy,\" Naik said.As NDA's oil minister, Naik had smoothly implemented the predecessor United Front government's decision to lift government control on motor fuels in 2002. He blamed the PM for the policy vaccum.It was the panel appointed by the Congress government, in which Singh was the finance minister(1991-1996), that formed a committee on petrol and diesel prices deregulation, Naik said. \"I was surprised when the first thing the UPA did after coming to power was to scrap deregulation and adopted ad-hoc measures.\"\"Perhaps, he (PM) does not have the political will (to frame a clear fuel pricing policy). Afterall, it was the same Mamata Banerjee who, as a member of the NDA, had went along with deregulation because she accepted Vajpayee as the leader,\" Naik said.The Trinamool leader and Bengal CM has opposed the recent increase in petrol price and forced the Centre to abandon plans to raise diesel and cooking gas prices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13946072", "title": "Richard Loitam\u2019s friends grilled", "text": "BANGALORE: Criminal Investigation Department ( CID) sleuths have picked up two boys, Vishal and Syed Afzal Ali, for questioning in connection with the mysterious death of Richard Loitam. The 19-year-old boy from Manipur was found dead in his Bangalore college hostel room under suspicious circumstances on April 18.A student of Acharya NRV Schoolof Architecture near Hesaraghatta. Loitam met with an accidenton April16while riding a bike.After availing treatment as an outpatient at a hospital, he returned to his hostelroom. The next day he was allegedly beaten up by two hostelmates after he changed the TV channel. On April 18, Loitam was found dead in his room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939373", "title": "\u2018Charminar Pedestrianisation Project work not to hit Ramzan shopping\u2019", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) has decided to complete the granite paving works on the stretch from Charminar to Sardar Mahal as part of the Charminar Pedestrianisation Project (CPP) before Ramzan that begins next month-end. The pavement laying work on the Gulzar Houz and Laad Bazaar roads will be taken up in a phased manner after Ramzan.GHMC mayor Mohd Majid Hussain and commissioner MT Krishna Babu inspected the CPP works along with MIM floor leader Akbaruddin Owaisi, MLAs Syed Ahmed Pasha Quadri and Ahmed Bin Abdullah Balala.Akbaruddin Owaisi reportedly told the officials that if the corporation takes up works on all the roads at one go, the traders would lose their business during Ramzan. Therefore, it has been decided to take up the work in a phased manner.GHMC has taken up granite cobblestone paving on the three roads around Charminar as part of the CPP. Earlier the corporation had partially completed constructing the pavement with regular stones on Gulzar Houz road but the plan was later revised to have cobblestones to ensure that it can take more load.While work on the Sardar Mahal road is now being taken up with a budget of Rs 42 lakh, work on the other two roads, Laad Bazaar road and Gulzar Houz, will cost Rs 2.10 crore.Sources said that the MIM leaders also asked GHMC commissioner Krishna Babu to develop the Moghalpura sports complex, especially the swimming pool, to match international standards. Interestingly after the inspection, the officials held the review meeting at a private hospital near Charminar belonging to a MIM leaders' family, even though there is a GHMC zonal office at Sardar Mahal a few metres away from Charminar. During the closed-door meeting that lasted for more than half an hour no other local representative or media person was allowed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940557", "title": "Muttemwar wants metro underground in crowded areas", "text": "NAGPUR: City MP and AICC general secretary is miffed that people's representatives (read MLAs, MPs etc) have not been consulted while chalking out the plan for city's metro rail network that received an in-principle cabinet approval on Wednesday.Talking to reporters here on Friday, he said he had been aggressively pursuing the metro proposal for some time and would now insist that at least in heavily populated areas like Sitabuldi, Gandhibagh, Itwari, the metro should take a shorter underground route. Moreover, he stressed that the work on laying metro rail line east (Pardi) to west (Ambazari) as well as north (transport plaza) to south (Mihan) should begin simultaneously.\"If the bureaucrats and consultants decide that underground route is too costly and for Nagpur the relatively cheaper overground, elevated rail was the only option, it would be unfair. That a metro network is a high-cost affair is a given fact. But when in Mumbai and Pune there is preference to underground lines, why should Nagpur be given a different treatment,\" asked Muttemwar.An underground line usually costs around Rs 300 crore per km while the ground or elevated rail lines cost far less. \"Underground should be preferred in Nagpur too as it would cause minimum displacement of existing structures,\" said the MP. To meet the high costs, he has already sought a higher viability funding of 40% under the Centre's JNNURM scheme, up from the normal 20%.\"It is time those in power stopped giving Nagpur step-motherly treatment. Nagpur and Surat in Gujarat have been identified by global agencies as fastest growing cities in the country. So the city should get world class infrastructure,\" he said. Moreover, he said in the first phase the route should end at Mihan and not extend to Butibori. Later, it can be extended to Butibori in south and Kamptee in north after studying commuter patterns.Katol MLA and food and civil supplies minister Anil Deshmukh said the metro plan was now a certainty with the cabinet nod. The plan would cost Rs 10,000 crore and routes would be finalized after the survey by Delhi Metro Rail Corporation is completed by October, he said. However, he admitted that the rail lines would be only overground.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940740", "title": "Agriculture museum on the cards at Krishi Vidyapeeth", "text": "PUNE: City-based college of agriculture plans to set up an agriculture museum at its main building, a 100-year-old heritage structure. The college has built a new building in its campus which will be inaugurated by President Pratibha Patil on Sunday.\"We are planning to shift the existing offices and departments that are located in the old heritage building to the new one, after which the vacant space in the heritage building will be developed as a museum,\" said Tukaram More, vice-chancellor of Mahatma Phule Krishi Vidyapeeth.More said that the old building has been identified as a grade A heritage structure by the Pune Municipal Corporation. Hence, it will be given special attention and steps will be taken to preserve its beauty and aesthetics in future as well.A museum will be set up in the building that will display the historical milestones from the field of agriculture. Besides, the museum will also cover education and research aspects in agriculture. Students of agriculture, researchers and common people will benefit from the museum.More said that the college of agriculture celebrated its centenary year in 2008. The new building that has come up in the college campus is called is a replica of the old heritage building. The new building covers a total of 12,627 sq mt and Rs 16 crore was spent in its construction. Moreover, the building is eco-friendly with maximum use of natural light.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13939410", "title": "Pillars of strength", "text": "The Patna Women's College owes a great deal to her pillars, who have literary nurtured and nourished this institution through decades.Saint Teresa of Avila Convent, a Carmelite Nun, was the patron saint of PWC. She has been honoured with the title of Doctor of the Church. Her inspirational words are now sung as the college anthem.One of the cornerstones was Mother Theodosia, who gave her undivided attention to nurture the infant college and bring it to stability. From 1943 to 1957, she tirelessly worked for the college's development. In recognition of her contribution, she was awarded the Padma Shri in 1973.The oldest member of the institution and one loved and revered by one and all is Sister M Marilla A.C. who joined this college as a lecturer in history in January 1962, and later became the head of the department from 1978 to 1991.Sister M Carol A.C. began her career as professor and HoD of English in Patna Women's College. Is still a force to reckon with. A DLitt in English literature, she still spearheads the Inter College Women's Association (ICWA) which works for women's issues and the poor, especially providing education to slum children and women.Sister Doris D'Souza whose undaunted spirit and ever burning zeal helped the college to become the first institution in the state to get A grade by NAAC. She took over as the principal of the college in 2001. Acknowledging the support of her entire college staff and the Chancellor, Patna University, UGC and DST, she says, \"We at Patna Women's College, with a clear vision and mission to achieve, passionately forge ahead to face the challenges of the 21st century and to produce socially committed students who are good human beings.\"(Compiled by Madhuri Kumar)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957051", "title": "Actor Sidharth Shiva ties the knot", "text": "Actor Sidharth Shiva married his long term girl friend Ann . Sidharth's roles in film Thirakkatha, Ivar Vivahithirayal and Bodyguard were well appreciated.His recently announced directorial debut is 101 Chodyangal in which Indrajith is playing the male lead.Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13939913", "title": "Lifer to couple for sedition", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Additional district judge Sunil Kumar on Friday sentenced a couple, Vishwajeet Azad and Seema Azad, to life imprisonment on charges of sedition.The couple belongs to Allahabad and was arrested in 2007 in Kanpur district. Later, an FIR was lodged against them at police station, Naubasta in Kanpur. The case was transferred to police station, Kotwali, at Allahabad.ATS had investigated this case and filed a chargesheet in the court. The prosecution witnesses were examined and the court found the charges against them as proved and therefore held them guilty of sedition. While convicting the couple, the court found that they were involved for inciting people through CD, laptops and books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13939654", "title": "Man arrested for submitting fake documents for US visa", "text": "HYDERABAD: A person who tried to secure a US visa by allegedly submitting fake documents to US consulate officials was arrested at Begumpet on Friday along with two others.Begumpet police said that based on a credible information, Abedemian, a resident of Musheerabad, who applied for the visa was arrested when he was in the office of Airtel at Begumpet. Based on his confession police nabbed Mukram Mehdi, a broker hailing from Chanchalguda, at Almas hotel near the Begumpet airport.\"From the possession of Abedemain several fake documents were recovered, using which he tried to secure a visiting visa. Abedemain was provided the documents by Mehdi and his accomplice Nandveer Prasad,'' Begumpet police said in a press release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "13944027", "title": "Woman, lover poison selves in lock up", "text": "GHAZIABAD: A woman and her paramour committed suicide while in police custody by consuming poison in Muradnagar, Ghaziabad on Thursday. Four policemen, including a sub-inspector, have been suspended for negligence.SSP Ghaziabad, Prashant Kumar, said the accused duo, Kanta Devi (32) and Rukan Singh (40), had been brought to the Vardhamanpuram chowki for questioning after the woman's husband had lodged a case that she was having an extra marital affair and eloped with her lover. The woman was a mother of two. After the duo were found foaming at the mouth, they were rushed to a nearby hospital where they died. \"We found the four cops guilty and have suspended them. Probe is on,\" Kumar said.SP (City), SS Yadav, said the woman lived in Jahangirabad. She eloped with her lover on May 6. \"Recently, Kanta's husband, Ravi Kumar, came to know that the couple was hiding in Morta, Ghaziabad at a relative's place. Ravi then approached the Vardhamanpuram chowki asking the cops to get his wife back,\" Yadav said. Ravi had also lodged an FIR in Jahangirabad against the duo.The incident took place when the duo was alone in the chowki. \"The woman had kept the poison inside her bra. When they were alone, they consumed it,\" said Yadav. Post mortem was conducted on Friday after which the bodies were handed over to relatives for cremation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13945371", "title": "Expired garbage contracts raise a stink", "text": "MUMBAI: Be prepared for heaps of garbage outside your house as the Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation (BMC) is in a fix over the extension of garbage collection contracts which expired on May 31. Civic chief Sitaram Kunte had to exercise emergency powers and tell the contractors to continue lifting the garbage.Thirty per cent of the city's garbage is handled by the civic body.New tenders have been floated and contractors have been appointed but the mobilization period required by contractors is two to six months. To cover the mobilization period, the civic administration floated a proposal to extend contracts of existing contractors. The proposal, tabled earlier this week in the standing committee, was rejected by members as the garbage disposal scheme had to be upgraded. \"We are exercising the commissioner's emergency powers (funds of Rs 50 lakh) to lift garbage across the city. This will continue till we get the standing committee's approval. Barring three wards (N, S and T), garbage lifting is on schedule,\" said Mohan Adtani, additional municipal commissioner. While the first circular of the commissioner expires on June 9, the civic administration claims it has been extended till the standing committee approval comes.MNS workers went to the T-ward office in Mulund and dumped garbage there on Wednesday, since it was not being lifted. In areas like Ghatkopar, Mulund and Bhandup, garbage is not being lifted as there are no contractors. In Kandivli, Borivli and Dahisar, the situation is deteriorating by the day.\"The situation will worsen once the rains begin. Wet garbage will create problems for residents. The standing committee should take a call as soon as possible, or there will be localized flooding in several areas,\" said a senior civic official.Dhananjay Pisal, NCP group leader, said the worst sufferers were N, S and T wards. According to the civic body, the wards are facing a problem as the contractor has not been given an extension.Raees Shaikh, Samajwadi Party group leader, said, \"We deployed our workers to supervize garbage lifting. If the situation is bad now, what will happen when contractors stop lifting garbage? They should blacklist such contractors.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chikmagalur", "code": "13947390", "title": "Water shortage hinders total sanitation project", "text": "CHIKMAGALUR: Though 50% of village panchayats have achieved 100% total sanitation and got the Nirmal Puraskar tag, defecation in the open still continues and is more evident in the plains areas of the district.According to total sanitation project officer Taranath, 65 village panchayats out of 226 have received this award from the Union government and panchayats with a population of 5,000 and above got Rs 5 lakh and panchayats below 5,000 got Rs 2 lakh cash awards with citations. He said 35 panchayats are ready to get this award as they have fulfilled all the required parameters.When TOI visited some village panchayats in the plains, the toilets constructed were being used for some other purpose and families still prefer defecating in the open.In many houses, toilets have been converted into small godowns to store agricultural seeds, manure or other materials. When asked why they weren't being used for the original purpose, they attributed this to water scarcity. Many said they aren't getting enough drinking water for domestic use itself.In Malnad region, this programme has gathered momentum and some villages have been achieved 100% total sanitation. Sringeri and Narasimharajapura taluk in this area have been declared total sanitation taluks. Koppa taluk is just short of three panchayats to get this prestigious tag.The project was started in 2005 and so far 1,44,808 families have shown interest in constructing their own toilets in the backyard but 1,33,362 families are yet to get converted to this idea. For BPL families, the government gives Rs.3,500 as subsidy to construct toilets but even these families are not ready to have their own toilets.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kalyan", "code": "13945981", "title": "Duronto bomb hoax: 1 detained", "text": "KALYAN: Kalyan railway police on Friday detained the attendant on the Howrah-bound Duronto Express who was to deliver a parcel containing inflammable material found on Thursday to a person in Howrah. Investigators on Friday sent a sample from the parcel to the Kalina forensic laboratory for tests.\"Our team has detained CR employee Vasudev Shah, an attendant on the train, who accepted the responsibility of delivering the box to a Howrah-based person for Rs 100,\" said S G Nirmal, sub-inspector, Kalyan GRP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nizamabad", "code": "13939698", "title": "Nizamabad hit sans ammo in AIDS battle", "text": "NIZAMABAD: A shortage of testing kits and anti-retroviral therapy (ART) drugs is seriously undermining the battle against HIV/AIDS in Nizamabad district. Sources said that government hospitals in the district were grappling with a severe shortage of HIV test kits. Alarmed by the situation, collector D Varaprasad took to task district AIDS prevention control unit (DAPCU) authorities for failing to take adequate measures against the crisis.Speaking to TOI, district medical and health officer (DM&HO;) Harinath agreed that the situation was dire. He said that a consignment of 170 testing kits had been recently distributed among ART centres and PHCs. He said that the supply hitch was three months old but added that measures were being taken to source more kits.But the worries do not end there. Medical and health officials in the district are alarmed by the sharp drop in the number of HIV/AIDS patients visiting ART centres. Although it is mandatory for HIV-positive patients to visit ART centres for a check-up once every three months, officials said that almost 50% of the patients just stay away from the check-ups.Only 3,000-4,000 of the 12,000 registered HIV-positive patients in the district actually attend check-ups regularly, a senior official said. Siddaiah, who runs an NGO for AIDS patients, said that DAPCU should take the onus to convince patients to undergo check-ups regularly. \"Several HIV-positive patients choose to avoid the ART centres due to poor awareness and social stigma,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13945334", "title": "Regional archives longs for better facilities", "text": "VARANASI: The International Archives Day (June 9) will be celebrated on Saturday with an objective to raise awareness about the importance of records and archives but the unit of regional archives of Varanasi is longing for better facilities to serve its purpose.\"We need proper facilities like own building, chemical laboratory and micro-filming unit for preservation of old records and documents,\" said Prabhakar Jauhari, regional archives officer. The regional archives at Varanasi was established in 1976. The holdings comprise records of commissioner's office, Varanasi and the Collectorate records of Jaunpur, Varanasi, Ballia and Ghazipur districts. The unit is a part of the UP state archives that functions under the department of culture.Located in a rented flat of Varanasi Development Authority (VDA) in Sigra, the unit lacks proper space and other essential things to serve its purpose. However, the officer claimed that efforts were being made to enrich the archives by expanding records and holdings. \"We are also working to create awareness among the masses regarding importance of archival records through exhibitions and seminars,\" Jauhari said while talking to TOI on Friday.Ideally, the archives offer many services to government as well as individuals. According to him, expert advice is provided for the upkeep and conservation of records to record rooms and libraries of various government departments and private entities. The State Archives coordinate with National Archives for providing grants to NGOs involved in the maintenance and preservation of records. Trainees from various institutions like National Research laboratory for Conservation (NRLC) are provided practical experience in arrangement, management and preservation of manuscripts and archival material.The archival report says that regular training courses are conducted for officials of various departments of the secretariat of UP government, collectorates of various districts and commissionaries.Periodic inspections are carried out by staff of the archives of record rooms of collectorates and commissionaries. Facilities for research work are provided by the archives. Researchers both from India and abroad extensively study the material available in archives. Facilities for Microfilming, photocopying, library and reading are made available to them. An important aspect of the work of the archives is to develop and encourage public awareness in old records and manuscripts. For this purpose, workshops, seminars and exhibitions are organized all over the state.In order to create archival awareness among students, UP State Archives offers a special package for school and colleges. There is a provision to offer students to visit to archives to acquaint themselves with the records in group. The strength of each group shall not exceed 25. \"But, due to lack of space we cannot invite schools to send students to the archives,\" said the officer. \"To overcome this problem, we speak to academic institutions to hold programmes in their premises to apprise the students of the importance of archival records,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955764", "title": "Aashiq Abu's Gangster to start filming this year", "text": "Post the success of 22 Female Kottayam, Aashiq Abu is being billed as Mollywood's top director whose movies are not only a treat to watch but also someone who knows the pulse of his audience.The director is currently gearing up for his next flick Da Thadiya with DJ Shekhar and Sreenath Bhasi in the lead. \"It's a movie my production house will be making with producer Anto Joseph also assisting,\" says Aashiq, informing the flick will go on floors by August with the aim of hitting theatres in November.\"After that I'm hoping to begin work on Gangster with Mammootty in the lead. The scripting work of the flick is currently progressing,\" he says. Ahmed Siddique, who played KT Mirash in Aashiq's Salt 'N Pepper , is penning the flick.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai/new delhi", "code": "13958248", "title": "Hacktivist group Anonymous acts on threat, brings down govt website", "text": "CHENNAI/NEW DELHI: Hours ahead of its planned protest against certain incidents of internet censorship in India, hacker collective Anonymous has attacked and brought down the website run by Computer Emergency Response Team India (CERT-In), the country's premier agency dealing with cyber security contingencies.The group has planned street protests in 16 cities later in the evening. In Delhi, the protests will be held at Jantar Mantar.\"This is your response team #india ! They can't even protect themselves. How will they protect others,\" read a tweet from @opindia_revenge, the group's twitter handle. \"We will keep attacking http://cert-in.org.in and http://india.gov.in ! #GOI, ready to face ups and downs?\" the hackers said.This is the latest in a series of high-profile attacks on government and corporate websites made by the group in the last one month. The India-wing of Anonymous, a collective of internet activists, had downed websites of Internet Service Providers Association of India, All-India Trinamool Congress and Reliance Communications on charges of internet censorship.It brought down the official website of Mahanagar Telephone Nigam Limited (MTNL) through the distributed denial of service (DDoS) attack on Wednesday. In the CERT-In attack too, the group has used DDoS that prevents users from accessing the site.DDoS attack is different from hacking. It overwhelms the servers on which a website, in this case CERT-In, is hosted. For how long the website would remain inaccessible depends on the response from CERT-In engineers and the intensity of the attack by Anonymous. The group on its Twitter feed has said that it is aiming to keep CERT- In website down for the whole day but it may not be possible. The Anonymous India is aided by Anonymous UK that tweeted: \"#TangoDown http://cert-in.org.in #OpIndia want it down all day xD.\"Anonymous started attacking official websites to protest web censorship after internet service providers (ISPs) like Airtel, Reliance Communications, on May 17 in India blocked several video sharing and file sharing websites such as Vimeo, Dailymotion.com, thepiratebay.org, torrentz.eu, on the basis of an order against web piracy by a Madras High Court. Though the order did not explicitly demand blocking of websites, the ISPs played safe. Anonymous has been arguing that instead of removing pirated links on websites, the Indian ISPs blocked entire sites that contained material hosted by other users and thus violated the right to freedom of expression. Since then, Anonymous called for protests in real world, asking people to speak out against web censorship and the IT rules that were framed last year.The planned protests are in some ways modeled on the Occupy Wall Street, which was supported by Anonymous. The group has gathered support for its cause on the web using Twitter and Facebook to reach out to people and asking them to organize protests in their respective cities. It has asked protesters to wear the Guy Fawkes mask, which was made famous by Hollywood Film V For Vendetta and in the recent years has been adopted by Anonymous as its symbol.A hacker who goes by the name of Isaac and who is allegedly a part of Anonymous said on Twitter, \"Today we tell them we will not we oppressed, Today we will let them know we will not be silenced, Today we Protest!\"Last night the group said on twitter that protests have to be peaceful. \"#india --&gt; Tomorrow we stand for our rights. We stand to free internet. To #stopCensorship. Do not be afraid. Keep calm. No violence,\" it tweeted.Also in a message at PasteHTML.com, the group said \"Anonymous is completely apolitical collective of free thinkers\". It said that if any politician wants to join the protests he can do so \"as a common man fighting for free internet, fighting for free speech\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13943740", "title": "British Council to train 67,000 teachers", "text": "MUMBAI: Ever since English was introduced as a compulsory subject in government-run schools in the year 2000, it has fared rather poorly on the tongues of school teachers, many of whom were themselves schooled wholly in the vernacular with little or no experience in either speaking or writing English, let alone teaching it.A good 12 years later, an initiative has been undertaken by the government of Maharashtra to bridge the gap between intent and outcome. This they have done by collaborating with the British Council to conduct a statewide programme that will improve the quality of English teaching in the lower primary classrooms of state schools. The compact was officiated on Thursday at the Y B Chavan Centre by officials of the state and the British Council, with state minister of school education Rajendra Darda and director, British Council India, Rob Lynes, in attendance.The programme, titled the Maharashtra English Language Initiative for Primary Schools (M-ELIPS), has been a year in the making, and is due to roll out next month across eight divisions in the state. The Maharashtra Sarva Shikshan Abhiyan and the Maharashtra State Council for Education Research and Training will offer the British Council technical assistance and expertise.What the Maharashtra- ELIPS will do is provide face-to-face training to 920 master trainers, who will in turn impart the training to 67,000 primary teachers (representing one teacher per school) who will directly engage with the children. The entire exercise - which includes training, deployment of training aids and evaluation - will cost the government over Rs 3 crore. \"The British Council is only charging us Rs 22 in training fee per teacher,\" Darda said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944001", "title": "Controversial cop reinstated", "text": "MUMBAI: Controversial IPS officer Jawahar Singh, who was placed under suspension a year ago, has been reinstated. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has approved a proposal of the home department to lift his suspension and reinstate him in service, sources said.Singh, an inspector-general rank officer, was suspended on April 25, 2011, under the All India Services (Discipline and Appeal) Norms, 1996, on charges of illegally moving prisoners (bomb blasts accused) outside the Aurangabad central jail, carrying out a sting operation to record their statement on torture subjected to by authorities at the Nashik Road Central jail, leaking confidential documents to the press and disobeying orders of seniors.At the time of suspension, Singh was holding the charge of special inspector-general (prisons). The suspension was approved for a year pending a department inquiry.While the home department served Singh a chargesheet for the department inquiry within 45 days of suspension, it has not been able to complete the inquiry.A proposal for extension of the suspension term was rejected by the Union home department in April this year. Using this, Singh moved a petition in the Central Administrative Tribunal which issued orders directing the state to reinstate him.State home minister R R Patil was opposed to the revocation. However, his department said on legal grounds Singh's suspension needed revocation. Accordingly, the department proposed lifting of the suspension from April 25, 2012, and reinstating Jawahar in service.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13942172", "title": "Floating capsule to help fight TB better", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A city-based pharmaceutical research center has developed a capsule using novel floating technology which will allow better absorption of TB drug and thus help people fight TB better.Honorary director of B V Patel Pharmaceutical Education and Research Development (PERD) Center, Prof C J Shishoo organized an interaction session about this innovation for anti-tubercular drugs. Prof Shishoo said that Rifampicin and Isoniazid are the two main drugs used for the treatment of TB.After working on this combination of drugs for over 15 years, it has been discovered that the market formulation of the two drugs delivers only 70 per cent of Rifampicin dose where 30 per cent is lost when it reacts with Isoniazid in the acidic medium of stomach.\"The presence of Isoniazid enhances the degradation of Rifampicin in the acidic environment of stomach which is reflected in impaired bioavailability of Rifampicin from Rifampicin-Isoniazid fixed dose combination (FDC) formulations. We have worked upon a capsule which uses special floating technology which does not allow the two drugs to interact,\" Prof Shishoo said.\"To improve quality of its formulation, a novel capsule has been prepared which when swallowed, releases Rifampicin in the stomach. It keeps the tablet floating in the stomach thereby retaining it for five to six hours. On the other hand Isoniazid goes straight into the intestines. This helps the prevention of the two drugs to interact and increases bioavailability of Rifampicin\", he addd.He said Rifampicin and Isoniazid are the drugs of choice of treating tuberculosis which has to be taken by the patient for six to nine months. World Health Organization (WHO) has sounded warning that only those formulations should be taken by the patient where bioavailability is assured.TB affects around ten million people around the globe and India has the dubious distinction of having maximum number of people affected by TB. HIV/AIDS has only fuelled the presence of the disease.\"A novel formulation of these two anti-tubercular drugs is undergoing clinical trials at AIIMS Delhi for the past two years. Over 90 patients have been given the dose of the formulated capsule as well as the one available in the market. The results of the blind testing will be revealed by the end of the year\", said Dr Navin Nivsarkar, director PERD centre.DOTS program introduced by the WHO has not been successful in India. The dosage of the medication should be completed otherwise there are chances that the bacteria can relapse and can even develop multi drug resistant TB (MDR-TB), for which there is no treatment. \"No new anti-tubercular drug has been discovered for the last 40 years. If we get a positive outcome after clinical tests, it will be a breakthrough in the cure for TB,\" added Prof Shishoo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13951876", "title": "NSE and NIFM collaborate to launch postgraduate courses on financial markets", "text": "Keeping their precedence in financial education, two of India's influential financial institutions, NSE and NIFM, recently introduced two postgraduate courses in financial markets - a full-time course and another weekend course for working professionals. Both the courses are of a year-long duration and will be jointly certified by NSE and NIFM.While NSE conducts many short courses and the NCFM examinations, a prerequisite for employment in many financial jobs, the new courses mark their entry into in-depth financial market education. Chitra Ramkrishna, joint MD, NSE explains the idea behind the initiative, \"The new courses aim to make the students and working professionals adept at investment and trading skills. Apart from upgrading their skills, in tune with latest technology, the training will open up job opportunities for students and executives in investment banks, research firms, mutual funds, brokerages and knowledge process outsourcing (KPO) centres.\"\"NSE is offering faculty support for the first time for these courses, along with the global exposure with visits to international stock exchange and financial centres. Also, as against the two-year MBA formats, these specialised PG level programmes are offered in a one-year format,\" says Divya Malik Lahiri, head corporate affairs and communication, NSE. She adds, \"The courses will cover varied topics such as cash market and derivatives, mergers and acquisitions, mutual funds, commodity market operations and corporate and capital market laws.\"Also, to be introduced with the course is NSE's specially designed simulated market software called NSE Learn to Trade or NLT. GC Sharma, senior NSE official elaborates, \"NLT is market simulation web-based software which uses a modular approach to develop skills in financial markets. It has nine modules to inculcate skills through mock trading in equity, derivative, currency, commodity and mutual funds. Students will manage their portfolios using virtual money. These modules are mock versions of the software that is used by financial sector professionals and will enable students to be job ready without additional training.\" The full-time course will have 840 hours of theory and 200 hours of mock trading and will cover 24 subjects of the financial markets. The weekend course, for professionals, will have 440 hours of theory and 200 hours of mock trading and 20 papers.Applicants with CAT, MAT or XAT scores are eligible to apply. Other interested applicants will have to appear for an online test. For the executive programme, applicants will also require a minimum of two years of work experience. The NSE - NIFM online test will be conducted across Mumbai, Delhi, Kolkata, Chennai, Bengaluru, Ahmedabad, Hyderabad, Indore, Jammu, Jaipur, Chandigarh and Lucknow on June 30 and July 1. For more details visit, www.nseindia.com and www.nifm.ac.inCourtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958087", "title": "Singer Erykah Badu blasts Flaming Lips over nude video", "text": "Singer Erykah Badu has said that she feels \"disgusted\" and \"violated\" after rock band 'The Flaming Lips' posted a music video showing her and her sister naked.Badu had recorded a song with the band, who asked the singer and her sister Nayrok to sit in a bath full of blood, glitter and creamy liquid for the video.Badu said that she was not shown the edited version, which she termed as a \"tasteless, meaningless, shock motivated video\".The band apologised after releasing the explicit video without prior approval.The alternative rockers teamed up with the Grammy-winning soul singer to record a version of 'The First Time Ever I Saw Your Face' for their latest album.The singer said that she thought the concept for the accompanying video was \"disturbing\" but went along with it \"out of respect for you and the artist you 'appear' to be\".Badu refused to sit in anything but water so asked Nayrok, \"who is much more liberal\", to act as a body double for the scenes featuring glitter, a blood-like liquid and a sticky white liquid made from corn starch.After the video appeared on music websites at the weekend, however, Badu accused the band of \"desperately releasing a poor excuse for shock and nudity that sends a convoluted message that passes as art (to some)\".Badu stripped naked in the video for her single 'Window Sea't in 2010, but said The Flaming Lips' video was different because the band were out to shock and there was no \"method and thought process\" involved.\"You obviously have a misconception of who I am artistically,\" the BBC quoted her as telling them in an online message.Not consulting her about the final video was \"equivalent to putting out a security camera's images of me changing in the fitting room\", she said.\"As a director I am unimpressed.\"As a sociologist I understand your type. As your fellow artist I am uninspired. As a woman I feel violated and underestimated,\" she said.The band issued a statement saying the video on music website Pitchfork was \"unedited and unapproved.. Sorry!!\"\"We, the Flaming Lips , accept full responsibility for prematurely having Pitchfork post it,\" it continued.\"It has outraged and upset a segment of fans and we apologise if we offended any viewers!!! This is a Flaming Lips video which features Erykah Badu and her sister Nayrok and is not meant to be considered an Erykah Badu or Nayrok statement, creation, or approved version.\"\"You really know how to do it!!!! You hatin on me has gotten the video 100,000 more views !!!\" Lead singer Wayne Coyne later told Badu via Twitter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940540", "title": "Nagpur gets modern science academy", "text": "NAGPUR: Here is good news and a bad one for the city. The good one first. A world class Academy of Science and Innovative Research will be set up in the city by the union government in collaboration with the Council for Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR). It will come up within the Neeri premises in the city on Wardha Road.The decision was taken at a meeting of the CSIR headed by the prime minister on Thursday. \"I was conveyed the good news by union science and technology minister Vilasrao Deshmukh , who has once again demonstrated his special affection for Orange City by pushing the case at the highest level,\" city MP and AICC general secretary Vilas Muttemwar announced here on Friday.Muttemwar had taken keen interest in pursuing the matter to get the academy for Nagpur. He had written to the prime minister in this regard on March 16 and also raised the matter in Parliament stressing that the city with large number of education facilities would be the ideal location for the proposed academy. Besides conducting research, the Academy will provide training in inter-disciplinary and trans-disciplinary areas not ordinarily provided in Indian universities. It will cater to courses like avionics, system biology, ayurgenomics, ocean engineering, mechatronics, petro science and technology and green chemistry.Muttemwar said that the academy would make available world class infrastructure and experts from 37 CSIR institutes would supplement efforts of union ministry of human resources in higher education in science and technology at post-graduate and advanced research level. The MP also pointed out that Neeri campus has ample space to accommodate the proposed academy.The bad news is that Nagpur's claim for setting up of a branch of Indian Institute of Information Technology (IIIT) has been ignored. The state government has proposed Pune and Aurangabad as locations for it. Muttemwar said that he was shocked to learn this from a reply to a question in Rajya Sabha by minister of state D Purandeswari. The union government has proposed to set up 20 new IIITs in the country with participation of private partners and the state governments. The plan has also received finance ministry clearance. Muttemwar has now written to chief minister Prithviraj Chavan requesting him to reconsider the matter and to locate the IIIT here instead of Pune which is already 'saturated' with development.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946403", "title": "Cable mishap disrupts Harbour line services", "text": "MUMBAI: A day after technical snags disrupted services on both Western Railway (WR) and Central Railway (CR), Harbour line commuters had a tough time on Friday after a signal cable burst during the morning rush hour.Five services were cancelled and several trains ran behind schedule following the incident near Reay Road station. The incident also triggered panic among some commuters, who jumped onto the tracks on seeing smoke.CR officials said the signal cable burst as a Belapur-CST local pulled out of Reay Road. \"Smoke started emanating from the spot and even entered one of the coaches of the local. The motorman and the guard initially thought the smoke was coming from the motor coach. The train was then detained at the spot for 30 minutes from 9.30am,\" said a spokesperson. The cable lay close to the tracks.As a cascading effect, a couple of trains were held up behind the rake and five services were cancelled. Anant Desai, a commuter, said: \"There was panic in the compartment as the smoke alarm went off. Some of the passengers jumped onto the tracks.\"Sunil Mhatre, a Harbour line commuter from Bandra, said: \"It took me almost one-and-a-half hours to reach CST as against the usual 30 minutes.\" The situation returned to normal after 11am, said sources.The Belapur-CST local was checked and allowed to resume its journey. CR officials said the rake was sent to a car shed for repairs. It was pressed back into the service after a thorough check revealed that there was nothing wrong with the rake.Later, it was confirmed that the smoke was caused by the signal cable burst. The cause of the incident was being probed. \"The incident did not affect the functioning of the signal as alternative supply was provided through another cable,\" an official said.On Thursday, too, there was panic among commuters as blast-like sounds atop locals preceded disruptions.While CR attributes such cases to the ageing infrastructure as the system still runs on the 1,500-volt direct current technology, commuters want the authorities to pay more importance to the Harbour line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944126", "title": "Maharashtra thrust to amend Sec 420", "text": "MUMBAI: With the rapid rise in incidents of white-collar crime in the country's financial capital and other parts of Maharashtra, the state government is looking at amending Section 420 (cheating) of the Indian Penal Code .Provisions to include new age financial crimes are being considered. A note detailing amendments to both the IPC and the CrPC will be presented before the state cabinet for approval. The note has been prepared by the state home department with help from the co-operatives department, especially in the view of the increasing fraudulent activities in banks and co-operative credit societies, said state officials.\"We want these changes not only to protect the interests of those who become members of such fraudulent societies, but also to ensure that money lost in these scams is traced back,\" said state co-operatives minister Harshavardhan Patil.\"We had several meetings with the home department and will now present a draft to the cabinet before seeking the Centre's approval for these changes,\" Patil said. Under the new laws, the chairman and board members of a society found involved in fraudulent activities will be permanently dismissed. A six-year ban, spanning over two terms, has been proposed for the guilty board members and directors. The report on the new amendments has been prepared by the co-operatives commissioner, which has also recommended attaching properties of guilty directors.Currently, white-collar crimes and credit society frauds are registered under Section 420 of the IPC wherein getting bail is relatively easy. But there is no separate law or full-fledged provision to deal with new age menace. Y P Singh, lawyer and former IPS officer, said the move is likely to eliminate confusion between IPC provisions and the Maharashtra Cooperative Societies Act with respect to cheating by such societies.\"In both provisions the definitions are unclear and there is scope for a criminal case to be converted into a civil one and vice versa. This also leads to enormous corruption. With the new amendments the law will become clear and streamlined,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13947891", "title": "Sent to the wild: 300 frogs saved in Karwar", "text": "Panaji: A seizure of 300 Indian bullfrogs in a Goa-bound bus at Karwar has alerted officials and activists in both states to the possibility of an inter-state smuggling racket catering to the eateries in Goa's tourism belt.Forest officials in Karwar tried to intercept persons carrying more than 300 giant frogs of the Rana tigrina species at the town's bus stand. \"But seeing our men, they abandoned the gunny bags and escaped,\" Nagraj Naik, deputy conservator of forests, Karwar sub-division, said.The smugglers were about to board a Goa-bound bus at Karwar bus stand on Tuesday. \"We had received a tip off about it,\" Naik said.After taking the frogs in their custody, the forest officials booked a case against the unknown offenders. The rescued amphibians were then dispatched straight to the local science centre where a function to mark world environment day was in progress.The local minister and forest officials were present and briefed the press before releasing them into the wild. \"We are keeping vigil and hope to arrest the culprits and bust the racket,\" Naik added. Green activists in the state said the supply from across the border is fuelled by the consumption in restaurants. \"The restaurateurs pay a huge price for the frogs,\" Clinton Vaz, an environmental activist said. In Goa, patrolling by volunteers and forest department during the first monsoon showers, has helped curb the poaching to a great extent.\"But it is the suppliers who are caught while restaurateurs get away,\" Vaz said. Goa forest officials said they are alert to the possibility of inter-state smuggling of frogs. \"We will take up the matter with our counterparts in Karnataka,\" D N Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests north Goa (wildlife and eco tourism) said.The vehicles entering the state at the check-posts will be monitored, sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938210", "title": "Bond is back, with witty rhymes, poignant lyrics", "text": "CHENNAI: Ruskin Bond likes Puducherry, the former French colony near Chennai. \"It's not too big. It's a little old-fashioned, decadent, a bit neglected,\" he says.Bond might like the old-world charm of Pondy and the quiet of Landour in Mussoorie where he has lived for nearly 50 years. But he doesn't miss a beat, and his writing about nature, love and friends is always informed by the bigger picture. His latest book of poetry, 'Hip-Hop Nature Boy And Other Poems', a collection of old and new works, is both funny and poignant:\"If a tortoise could run/And bullies be buttered on toast/This world would be nicer than most!\"'A Song for Lost Friends' is longing in verse for childhood friends. And then there is the Hip-Hop Boy who meets the Muggermuch (crocodile) and dances in the buff, all \"nanga-panga\" in the rain.\"I use more Hindi words now. In north India, children use muggermach and it rhymed well,\" says Bond, who is in Chennai for the Landmark Ruskin Bond tour organised by Landmark and Penguin India. He released 'Hip-Hop Nature Boy...' and read from the book at Landmark in Nungambakkam on Friday.\"I read out the humorous ones to get a laugh out of children in the audience,\" the author says. \"It might also prompt many of them to read more.\"\"When I started out, writing was not a popular choice of career. After my first book in 1956 it took 20 years of writing before a newspaper wanted to interview me,\" says Bond, most of whose works revolve around life in hill stations.The literary scene has changed of late, he notes. There are more writers in English. And Bond receives more manuscripts in the post, from 10-year-old prodigies to retired generals who have written their memoirs. Some of the verses are \"terrible\", he says, especially when young authors feel impelled to write poetry and force themselves to rhyme.With a general rise in readership, authors now acquire instant celebrity status. \"I believe writers should stay in the background and not emulate cricketers and film stars. They will be able to write more,\" he says wryly.Bond should know. He has written more than 300 short stories, essays and novellas and over 30 books for children. Filmmakers Shyam Benegal and Vishal Bharadwaj made movies based on his stories. Fictional character Rusty will make a comeback on TV in the serial 'Ek Tha Rusty-2'. There will also be 'Maharani', a novel, later in the year.\"I am always writing. Now people are asking for an autobiography. The trouble with autobiographies is that there are many things you can't put down. They should be published 50 years after the subject has died,\" laughs Bond.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13940197", "title": "UP board high school exam: Several schools get 100% results", "text": "KANPUR: The students of Sardar Patel Inter College managed to get 100% result. Akriti Yadav with 92.66% topped the school. Sameeksha Katiyar with 92.16% and Richa Yadav with 91% managed the second and third positions.The students of Pandit Deen Dayal Inter College also managed to get high percentage. Among the 121 students who appeared in High School, 58 managed above 85% marks while all the students have passed with distinction. Prafulit Tripathi with 90% marks topped the school. Alankrit Gupta and Keshav Tiwari, both with 89.4% marks, bagged the second position.Students of BNSD Shiksha Niketan Balika Vidyala also managed to get 100% result. As many as 48 students got distinction and 47 got above 80%. Tripti Mishra with 91.17% topped the school. Uzma Fatima with 90.50% and Bhwana Gupta with 89.60% managed the second and third positions.Students of Sardar Patel Inter College, Jarauli Phase-II also excelled. As many as 25 scored above 85% marks. Vaibhav Agnihotri with 92.60% marks stood first in school. Sapna Sharma with 92% marks and Tanya Sachan with 91.60% marks managed the second and third positions.Students of Rahul Memorial School, Yashoda Nagar, performed well. Himanshu Sachan with 83% topped in the school. Shubham Verma and Amit Yadav with 82% and 80% marks managed to be at second and third positions.Mahima Verma with 91.33% from Omkareshwar Saraswati Vidya Niketan managed to top the school. Surendra Kumar with 90% marks remained the second topper.The overall result of Pandit Raghunath Prasad Misra Inter College was satisfactory. Shahina Sayed with 91% marks topped the school. Shruti Trivedi with 90.83% remained the second topper. Shivank Dixit with 90.16% marks remained on the third spot.Students of Saraswati Gyan Mandir achieved 100% results. Among 188 who appeared in the examinations, 172 managed to get distinction marks. Shalini Kushwaha with 92.50% remained the topper of the school. Akansha Trivedi with 92% and Adarsh Trivedi with 91.83% managed to be on the second and third positions.In Jai Narain Inter College, all students have passed among the 193 who appeared. As many as 187 managed to get distinction. Aman Katiyar with 92.83% remained on the first position in the school. Ankit Verma and Dilip Trivedi with 92.17% and 92% managed the second and third positions.Kuldeep Singh from RS Education Center with 86.50% marks managed to top the school. Deepa Sharma with 86.20% stood at the second spot. Many students secured above 75% marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946663", "title": "Beaten auto driver laments lost income", "text": "MUMBAI: With a cast on his leg and bandages on his eye, 35-year-old auto driverDheeraj Singh (pictured at right) is unable to work, which is drastically affecting his financial condition. BEST employee Virendra Chauhan, 25, who was arrested for assaulting Singh in a road rage incident, was granted bail by a metropolitan court on Friday. Three of Chauhan's accomplices are still at large, with the cops unable to uncover their identities as of yet.Singh had been driving towards Shastri Nagar on Wednesday afternoon when he had an argument with the driver of a BEST bus coming from the opposite direction. They fought over the amount of road space the bus was occupying. \"Chauhan, who was seated inside the bus, lost his temper, stepped out of the bus and bashed Singh up,\" said a police official. \"Subsequently, after the bus drove off, Chauhan and three unknown men dragged Singh into another BEST bus and took him to the Goregaon bus depot, where they beat him up some more before leaving him unconscious.\"Singh is bitter about the incident and said that nobody from the BEST has approached him as yet to help foot his medical bills. \"A permanent cast will be put on my leg on Saturday after the temporary one is taken off. This means I will have to stay home for more than a month. I'm a poor man and am really worried about making ends meet. At present, I'm banking completely on my friends, who take me to hospital for check-ups and are helping me pay for medical expenses,\" he said.The police official said Chauhan was an off-duty BEST driver, but it is not known as yet if the other three were passengers on the first bus. \"We are yet to establish the identities of Chauhan's three accomplices. Chauhan claimed during interrogation that the trio were passengers and that he wasn't acquainted with them. We are trying to verify independently if any of the three were BEST employees,\" the official added.On Thursday, while producing Chauhan before a metropolitan court, the cops requested that he be sent to police custody so that they could question him about the accomplices. But the police's plea wasn't granted. \"We visited the Goregaon bus depot on Friday to make inquiries with the drivers and conductors of both buses involved in the incident,\" the police official added.Chauhan faces BEST heatThe BEST will fi le an internal departmental chargesheet against bus driver Virendra Chauhan for \"kidnapping and assaulting\" an auto driver in Goregaon on Wednesday.Sources said that the BEST has launched a departmental inquiry and the driver could be suspended. A senior BEST official said, \"We are also ascertaining if the three accomplices are also BEST employees.\"A transport offi cial in the BEST said the incident was \"unpardonable\". \"The driver is a public servant. This is not how he should behave in public. We will punish him.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13946556", "title": "Saheed Nagar inspector likely to be transferred", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Inspector Alok Jena is likely to be shunted from the Saheed Nagar police station in the wake of the alleged custodial death of Kuldeep Mahapatra. DCP Nitinjeet Singh has sought police commissioner Sunil Roy's permission to transfer Jena. Singh confirmed the development.\"I have recommended Jena's transfer and is waiting for the CP's order. I proposed his transfer to ensure a fair probe. Until the probe is over, he should be kept out of Saheed Nagar police station,\" Singh told TOI.Meanwhile, sub-divisional judicial magistrate (SDJM), Bhubaneswar, Akhila Kumar Paschimakabat started probe into the case on Friday. Saheed Nagar police station submitted the requisite documents to the judge. \"The SDJM himself started the inquiry. We will fully cooperate with him,\" Singh said.Mahapatra, who had criminal antecedents, identified himself as a special branch inspector and extorted money from a businessman near the regional transport office. His family has since been alleging that Jena tortured him, leading to his death in custody. Jena described it as trumped-up charges and attributed Mahapatra's death to mob justice. \"He was badly beaten up by the mob and succumbed to injuries,\" Jena had said earlier.Though senior officers like Jena and ACP (zone-V) Bishnu Mishra were present at the police station, ASIs Giridhari Pattnaik (diary charge officer) and Banamali Das (investigating officer) were suspended for not shifting Mahapatra to hospital in time, raising suspicion that the police tried to protect the seniors.Jena not only delayed in shifting Mahapatra to hospital but also informed the sensitive matter to DCP and Mahapatra's family members very late, sources said. Though Mahapatra was arrested around 9 am, DCP Singh was informed by Jena around 3 pm, nearly 20 minutes after the former's death. \"I received the information only after Mahapatra's death,\" Singh said.Victim's mother Manjubala said she received a call from Balichandrapur police in Jajpur district around 6.30 pm. \"First the local inspector called up at 6.30 pm informing about my son's arrest. He again called after a few minutes and shared the tragic news of Kuldeep's death,\" Manjubala said.Balichandrapur inspector Rasmi Ranjan Mohanty said, \"Jena called me at 6.15 pm asking me to pass on the information to Kuldeep's family.\" \"It was a clear violation of Supreme Court guideline. Saheed Nagar police should have informed Kuldeep's family soon after arresting him,\" senior lawyer Bibhu Prasad Tripathy said. Jena is also said to have ignored Odisha police manual rules by assigning an ASI-rank officer (suspended Banmali Das) to inquire into the sensitive charges like robbery and impersonation against Mahapatra.Chief secretary B K Patnaik said,\" Capital Hospital has submitted the preliminary postmortem report of Mahapatra. Action would be taken against the guilty after the final report comes out.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946211", "title": "Fast-track courts must for sex test cases, says chief secretary", "text": "MUMBAI: Newly appointed chief secretary Jayant Banthia will ask the chief justice of the Bombay high court to set up fast-track courts to try cases registered under the Pre-conception and Pre-natal Diagnostic Techniques (PCPNDT) Act.Health minister Suresh Shetty said till date 342 cases have been filed under the PCPNDT and MTP acts. There have been convictions in 42 cases while 248 cases are pending in various courts. He said the government would also appoint senior lawyers in the districts to appear in these cases.\"District collectors can suggest the names of two lawyers who they consider to be women/men of integrity and experts on this issue,\" said Shetty. The law and judiciary department would also write to all assistant public prosecutors and government pleaders to maintain utmost sincerity while appearing in these cases.The health minister said he would hold a meeting on the first Monday of every month to review the progress in the implementation of the act and clear the hurdles, if there was any.Following the increasing cases of female foeticide being reported in Beed, Latur, Solapur, Wardha and Dhule, the government has been forced to step up its efforts in implementing the act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13955661", "title": "Bhaswar Chatterjee turns singer", "text": "We've seen him playing the good son and trusted hubby on screen, but Bhaswar Chatterjee is all set to don a new role.The actor has turned singer for the first time in his career. \"I have sung Ke prothom kache eshechi and Hoyto tomari jonnyo along with Debjani. After high school, this was my first tryst with the mic and I was all nerves. Luckily, the recording went off well and I got compliments galore,\" says Bhaswar.The songs will go with the theme visuals meant for the relaunch of a private entertainment channel. So, will he consider singing on a more serious note? \"Absolutely not. I am happy acting and that's what I will keep doing,\" laughs Bhaswar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944061", "title": "Kin of ex-gangster gets cop summons", "text": "MUMBAI: Former gangster Ashwin Naik's daughter, Vrushika, has been summoned by the crime branch in an extortion case.Vrushika has been under the police scanner after she allegedly collected the extortion amount of Rs 50 lakh from the complainant, Atul Potnis, on behalf of her father. Naik was arrested on Wednesday in the extortion case. The police are on the lookout for Potnis's two business partners-Ajit Patil and Rameshwar Sambhari-who passed on information to Naik. \"During investigations we found that Patil and Sambhari met Naik while the latter was lodged in Kalyan jail,\" said joint commissioner of police (crime) Himanshu Roy. In his complaint, Potnis said Naik threatened and extorted Rs 3 crore during the last five years.Potnis claimed that due to mental harassment, he suffered a paralytic stroke and heart attack in 2009 and 2011. In 2005, Potnis started a Slum Rehabilitation Authority housing project in Dadar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13939378", "title": "All 2,300 primary schools fail to give admission data to education department", "text": "NAGPUR: Not a single primary school in the district has shared its admission data with the education department as mandated under the Right To Education (RTE) Act - even though the deadline ends on Sunday. Education officer (primary) Someshwar Netam confirmed to TOI that the 'disastrous' response has forced them to consider extending the last date. \"A decision regarding the date extension is pending but it seems we will have to do it as all schools are claiming ignorance regarding sharing the data with the department and its deadline,\" Netam said. There are about 2,300 primary schools in the district.Shilpee Ganguly, vice-principal of Centre Point School (Katol Rd), said, \"Till date we have not received any circular from the state to furnish data to them. We are getting all the information only through the reports published in TOI, but as an institution we cannot divulge anything unless we are notified in writing.\"Ganguly's thoughts were echoed by all principals who blame the education department for waking up at the last moment. Kavita Nagarajan, principal of School of Scholars (Wanadongri), said, \"We were not aware that there was a deadline to submit admission data to the department. Had we known earlier then we would have certainly shared the information.\"The education department kicked off series of RTE awareness seminars from June 6, but that too got a lukewarm response with only 70 schools participating. Surprisingly, even those schools which did attend the June 6 seminar have failed to provide the said information. The second leg of the awareness seminars is scheduled for Saturday and education officials are hoping that at least some would come up with the required data. \"For us the June 10 deadline still stands till we receive orders from Mumbai to extend it. I am surprised that no one has taken the effort to read the circular which is already online,\" Netam said.The education department has already decided to crack the whip on erring schools. Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director of education, said, \"How can schools claim ignorance about something which has been the topic of discussion for last couple of years? The information is online and schools cannot be spoon-fed all the time. We have decided to take strict action against schools failing to provide us the information within the stipulated time.\"The schools are to provide the data through Form No. 1, provided by the education department both online and also through their offices. The schools have to list their total intake capacity, date of admission form distribution, date of lottery, etc. Most of the schools in the district are done with their admission process. Although every school in the district has either finished its admission process or is on the verge of doing so, the education department still requires the data to be furnished for their records.A CBSE school principal, said, \"This deadline issue has just become a tool in the education department's hand to penalize us. They will assert their power and we will have to keep going to their offices to settle issues regarding circulars etc.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942784", "title": "Constables get judicial custody", "text": "PANAJI: The North Goa district session court at Panaji on Friday remanded five police constables, who allegedly planted drugs on David Driham alias Dudu, an Israeli national, to judicial custody till June 14.The accused were produced before the session court after they served eight days in police custody. \"Court has granted judicial custody till June 14,\" said CBI sources. Mahadev Naik, Mahableshwar Sawant, Sameer Varkhandkar, Eaurmia Guraye and Nagesh Parsekar were arrested by the CBI in the case.CBI sources said that the constables have also filed applications seeking their release on bail and the matter is likely to be heard on June 14 by the court.Goa police suspended the constables after they were arrested by the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) investigating in police-politician-drug mafia nexus.The CBI has arrested the five constables under Section 120 (B) IPC (conspiracy) read with 20(b), 21(b) and 21(c) of NDPS Act.Dudu's arrest exposed the police-drug mafia nexus and led to the detention of another alleged Israeli drug dealer Atala and seven cops.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13948314", "title": "A bridge of words to bring peace across countries", "text": "Hopes and wishes set aside, most people can at best only imagine an uneasy calm existing between India and Pakistan. Not for the editorial team of \"Saanjh\" - a magazine printed on both sides of the border. Building a bridge of peace, the literary initiative was started four years ago with a team from Ludhiana and Lahore to strike a connect between those sitting miles apart because of the turn history took.The tri-monthly magazine has an editorial board consisting of four people - two each from Ludhiana and Lahore. Anyone from east (Indian side) and west Punjab (in Pakistan) can contribute content in the form of stories, poems, essay, article or even obituary for the magazine.In both countries, the magazine has identical cover page and content but it is published in Gurmukhi script for Punjab and in Shahmukhi (urdu) script for Pakistan.Talking about the nitty gritty of publishing a magazine from two countries, Manu Sharma, who is on the team in Ludhiana, said, \"Anyone can contribute matter. Both teams compile the material and send it to our main editorial desk of Academy of Punjab in North America (APNA) in the US. They pick content from contributors in both countries and send it back to us to be published in our respective scripts.\"Academician Jagtar Singh Dhiman, who is an honorary member of the editorial team in Ludhiana said, \"After getting content from APNA, final editing work and publishing is done both in Ludhiana and Lahore. They translate our work into Shahmukhi and we translate writings from their to Gurmukhi. The final product is identical, except the language.\"For four years, people from either side of the border have been able to pick up titbit about the place they left behind during Partition from the stories and updates in \"Saanjh\" %magazine. However, Saffir Rammah, the man behind the initiative, is not patting himself for the success.\"There is a long way to go before we achieve desired results,\" said Rammah, coordinator of Academy of Punjab in North America (APNA) and managing director of \"Saanjh\".Talking to TOI over the phone, Rammah, who is from Pakistan and is based in US, said, \"We are not even close to what we want for the magazine. 'Saanjh' is now widely read in west Punjabi literary circles (Pakistan) but a lot more needs to be done to popularize it in east Punjab (India). We are still struggling to find serious readers here.\"Appreciating the effort and hardwork of the editorial team in Ludhiana, he said they need to focus on marketing the magazine well too.Rammah said though they have faced many difficulties like budget constraints they are confident of continuing the magazine. \"Our idea is to strengthen brotherhood among people from both Punjab. We monitor the content closely and make sure that nothing that provokes hatred should go into print,\" he said.About printing the magazine in two different scripts, Rammah said readers both in Pakistan and Punjab are unaware of linguistic and literary developments on the other side and \"Saanjh\" is an effort to fill in the blank spaces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "jodhpur", "code": "13942663", "title": "Bhanwari case adjourned till July 5", "text": "JODHPUR: The additional chief judicial magistrate (SC/ST cases), hearing the Bhanwari Devi case, on Friday adjourned the trial in the case till July 5. All 15 accused, except Mahipal Maderna , appeared in court amid tight security but magistrate Anoop Kumar Saxena adjourned the arguments on account of work load owing to summer vacation in the court.Mahipal Maderna, who had appeared in the court during the previous charge arguments on May 26, did not appear in the court on Friday on health grounds. The jail administration intimated the court that he was not able to appear in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13945254", "title": "83.75% clear UP Board High School exams", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The year 2012 has brought a bagful of joy for UP Board examinees as the High School results this year registered an astonishing overall pass percentage of 83.75, which is 12.93% more than the overall pass percentage of 70.82 recorded last year.Once again the fairer sex has stolen a march over their male counterparts as the overall pass percentage of girls is an impressive 88.95 against 79.61 of boys, a sizeable difference of 9.34%.Barabanki continued to be the cynosure of all eyes as three students of the district jointly shared the top position in the state with an aggregate of 96.50%. What's heartening is the fact that two of the three are girls -- Pooja Yadav of Maharani Laxmi Bai Inter College, Barabanki and Aakanksha Singh of Saraswati Vidya Mandir Inter College, Barabanki.The third topper, Anna Yadav is a student of BRGP Higher Secondary School, Baraiyya Suratganj, Barabanki.This year, a total of 35,59,196 students appeared in High School examinations conducted by the UP Board, out of which 19,79,928 were boys and 15,79,268 girls. Among these, 28,39,303 appeared as regular candidates while 1,41,610 appeared privately, said director, Secondary Education, Basudeo Yadav, while announcing the results here on Friday.Yadav said that district wise, Varanasi recorded the highest overall pass percentage of 92.13 while Lalitpur was the lowest on the table with 70.81%.Yadav said that after a gap of four years, the overall pass percentage of students has doubled in the backdrop of the fact that it was 40.07 in 2008 while it has climbed to 83.75 in 2012. This is a very healthy trend, he added. This year the Board conducted the High School examinations from March 16 to April 2 at 9,869 examination centres across the state. The evaluation of answer books was undertaken between April 26 to May 10 at 155 centres.This year a total of 475 jail inmates from different jails across the state appeared in High School examinations, out of which 387 were declared successful. The overall pass percentage of jail inmates recorded a healthy 81.5. Besides, the overall pass percentage of boys this year increased by 13.58 while that of girls went up by 12.03.Also, as a part of Continued and Comprehensive Evaluation Policy, the High School examinees were allotted 70 marks in the theory papers while the remaining 30 marks were awarded in practical and internal assessment. Under the National Education Policy, a nine point grading system was adopted in theoretical subjects while five-point grading system was adopted in practical subjects.To check the malpractice of changing answer books in some districts by lumpen elements, the UP Board had distributed numbered answer sheets in 10 districts, including Allahabad, Kaushambi, Hathras, Aligarh, Etah, Azamgarh, Mau, Ballia, Ghazipur and Deoria.Subject wise, Anthropology and Punjabi recorded 100 percent results as 116 students who appeared in former and 352 in latter were declared successful. On the other hand, Assamese recorded the lowest pass percentage of 14.29 as only one of the seven students who appeared in the examination managed to muster passing marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13943274", "title": "Was this murder an IM hit job?", "text": "PUNE: Indian Mujahideen operative Mohammad Qateel Siddiqui, who was murdered in prison on Friday, was sent to Yerawada jail on May 28 after a Pune court remanded him to judicial custody till June 8. When he was handed over to Yerawada, the ATS gave a letter saying Siddiqui was a high-risk prisoner and needed to be isolated.Siddiqui was the first suspect of a 13-member terror module to be arrested by the Delhi police. During interrogation, he revealed that on September 19, 2010, he and another IM operative, Mohammed Adil, had gone to Jama Masjid on a stolen motorcycle and fired at Taiwanese tourists, injuring them. Siddiqui was riding the motorcycle.Siddiqui was also allegedly involved in the blast outside Bangalore's Chinnaswamy Stadium hours before an IPL match on April 17, 2010. Siddiqui told the Delhi police and the Maharashtra ATS that he was instructed by his IM bosses to plant a bomb at Pune's Dagdusheth Halwai Ganapati temple on February 13, 2010, the day of the German Bakery blast.However, a flower vendor outside the temple refused to keep the bag containing the bomb. Siddiqui said he panicked, turned off the timer and took the bomb to Mumbai in a car and tossed it into the sea off Worli.Siddiqui was to be produced in court later in the day as his judicial remand had come to an end.Several theories were being bandied around. While deputy commissioner police Dnyaneshwar Chavan said the incident was a fallout of a \"petty quarrel\" between Siddiqui and Mohol, investigators were probing other possible reasons, including whether it was a hit job by IM to silence Siddiqui and prevent him from squealing about the terror group's plans and the whereabouts of the main leaders.Two other inmates of the cell, Akbar Munir Shaikh and Balu Waghire, informed the jail authorities that Mohol and Bhalerao had killed Siddiqui.Meanwhile, Siddiqui's lawyers A Rehman and Kainat Shaikh have demanded a CBI probe into the murder. The Maharashtra government on Friday ordered a CID probe into the case as home minister R R Patil has ordered the suspension of Yerawada jail superintendent S V Khatavka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944020", "title": "Poorvanchal Gramin Vikas Sansthan celebrates 25th anniversary", "text": "LUCKNOW: To mark the 25th anniversary of the Poorvanchal Gramin Vikas Sansthan, a workshop was organised on 'Collaborative efforts for promotion of social equity and justice for reduction of social exclusion and disaster resilience' on Friday. Secretary of the sansthan Bhanu welcomed the guest and briefed them on the journey and accomplishments of the organisations during the past 25 years of its existence. Pushpa Valmiki, a voluntary activist, fighting for the cause of dalits, in her presentation gave a very touching description on the plight and problems of the socially excluded communities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13943368", "title": "Student suicide case: Court orders registering of case against principal", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The judicial first class magistrate court here on Friday ordered the police to register a case against K T Cheriyan Panicker, principal of Sarvodaya Vidyalaya Central School, Nalanchira in connection with the suicide of a class nine student of the school. It has been ordered that charges of culpable homicide be charged against the principal by registering cases under sections 305 and 34 of the Indian Penal Code.The court ordered this while considering a petition filed by Laila Beegum, the mother of Ashiq Suhail, the student who committed suicide. In the petition, the mother said that Ashiq was forced to end his life after being threatened by the principal.He had committed suicide on May 18. In his suicide note, he had mentioned that he was ending his life after being reprimanded by his principal following a complaint raised by a girl student, who alleged that Ashiq send a love letter to her email address.Even though Ashiq denied the allegation, the principal did not listen to his words and even threatened to hand him over to the police. Ashiq was frightened and he took the extreme step, his mother alleged in the petition.Meanwhile, the family also alleged that police were reluctant to register case against the school authorities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13946678", "title": "Cut-offs in Mumbai graduate colleges see 6% rise", "text": "MUMBAI: The announcement of the first merit list for various degree college courses brought little cheer to aspirants on Friday. Even as the cut-off in some colleges dropped by one per cent, in top colleges it continued to remain high this year too. Principals told TOI that they were surprised to see a rise of almost 4-6% in the cutoff for self-financed courses.At H R College, Churchgate, the cut-off for the Bachelor in Mass Media (BMM) course rose to 92.7% this year from last year's 86.2%. \"The cut-off is much higher, especially for self-financed courses. The increase varies from 1% to 6% in our college,\" said Rekha Bahadur, vice-principal at H R College. The cut-off for Bachelor in Financial Management (BFM) course at this college rose 3% and Bachelor in Management Studies (BMS) 2%.\"This is not surprising as students have been scoring better in their board exams every year. We were surprised at the 10% hike in some sections, but overall, the average hike is 4-5%,\" said Sunil Mantri, principal at N M College.Admission anxietyo Some top city colleges have seen a 4-6% rise in cut-off for self-financed courses from last yearo In some sections, it's a massive 10%oThis year too, courses such as BMM, BMS, BAF and BFM are in demand; at HR College, cut-off for BMM is 92.7%, up from 86.2% last yearo BCom, BA and BSc seats in most top colleges taken by in-house students, so very few seats left for outside studentsoPopular science colleges are worried their admission process will take longer as students may withdraw admissions based on CET results Cut-offs sure to drop, assure college headsMumbai: The cut-off for commerce students vying for BMS seats ended at 93.4% this year at N M College-2% more than last year.At R A Podar College in Matunga, the merit list was higher this year in some courses but, surprisingly, lower in some others.\"There is a definite increase in the percentage cutoff for BCom, which has risen by 2%, but the BMS cut-off for Science and Arts streams has fallen by 1%. Students have lined up for our BCom seats but we had very few seats left since most of our in-house students continue with us,\" said Shobhana Vasudevan, principal at the college.Vasudevan added that only 28% of the remaining seats were available for students in the open category while the rest were divided amongst various quotas.While students are happy with the early announcement of MH-CET results this time, principals of colleges are worried that more and more students will start withdrawing their names before confirming admissions with them.\"Our cut-off for BSc (IT) has increased by 2% but most of these students must have got their CET results, so they will surely not take our seats. This creates a lot of problem for us as we end up wasting a lot of our time,\" said Tushar Desai, principal at D G Ruparel College, Matunga.He further said that in some cases, students don't even bother to inform the college about withdrawing their admission and confirm seats with other engineering or medical colleges.Most college heads were sure that the cut-off will come down by the third list. \"Students apply to more than five colleges at a time but choose only one seat in the end. Seats will be available for the remaining students in all colleges so they shouldn't be disheartened,\" said the principal of a suburban college.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13943305", "title": "Karnataka police had 'clear evidence\u2019 about Siddiqui\u2019s role in Bangalore blasts", "text": "BANGALORE: Qateel Siddiqui's murder would deprive the Karnataka police of a crucial source in unraveling operations of terror masterminds Yasin Bhatkal and Riyaz Bhatkal, with an officer saying they had \"clear evidence'' about his involvement in Chinnaswamy stadium blasts in April 2010.\"He was a close associate of Indian Mujahiddeen's south Indian commander, Yasin Bhatkal,'' said the officer. He said Siddiqui allegedly sheltered Yasin in Bihar and worked closely with him in carrying out Delhi Jamia Masjid and German Bakery blasts. Siddiqui allegedly visited Bhatkal with Yasin to organize logistics for their terror missions.\"He was working with his uncle in his native Darbhanga, Bihar and was involved in gun running. He also supplied explosives to Indian Mujahiddeen and helped them in making bombs. Though he was not involved directly in the stadium twin blasts, he had always been a pillar of support for Yasin who allegedly planted the bombs in this instance,\" said a source.Siddiqui was arrested from Delhi in November last year, but was never brought to Bangalore. But earlier this year, he was brought to Bhatkal to track down an explosives dump hidden in the coastal town.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13956489", "title": "Govt signs pact with British Council for teachers' training", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government on Friday signed an agreement with the British Council to implement `English Language Initiative for Primary Schools' (ELIPS), which aims at enhancing the English teaching skills of teachers in government-run primary schools.The agreement was signed by Rob Lynes, director (India), British Council, and Sanjay Deshmukh, state project director, Sarva Shiksha Abhiyaan.Maharashtra education minister Rajendra Darda said that \"undoubtedly, we have good teachers but when it comes to teaching English, they need improvement\".Darda also said that students in Marathi-medium schools must be able to speak and write good English, and those in English medium schools should be able to speak and write Marathi well.An analysis done by the British Council in the state had brought to the light the poor standard of English teaching, Darda said.The agreement lays emphasis on improving the quality of teaching of English in the lower primary classrooms. The two-year programme will provide face-to-face training to 920 `master trainers' who will `cascade' the training to over 67,000 primary school teachers (a teacher per school).1700 potential `Master Trainers' will undergo a selection procedure comprising a written assessment, group tasks and personal interviews conducted by the British Council. 920 of them would be selected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13946989", "title": "Life thriving 3 feet beneath Arctic ice", "text": "WASHINGTON: As they punched through three foot thick Arctic ice, a Nasa-sponsored expedition has found waters richer in microscopic marine plants, essential to all sea life, than any other ocean region on Earth.The finding reveals a new consequence of the Arctic's warming climate and provides an important clue to understanding the impacts of a changing climate and environment on the Arctic Ocean and its ecology. The discovery was made during a Nasa oceanographic expedition in the summers of 2010 and 2011.The expedition called ICESCAPE explored Arctic waters in the Beaufort and Chukchi seas along Alaska's western and northern coasts onboard a US Coast Guard icebreaker. Using optical technologies, scientists looked at the impacts of environmental variability and change in the Arctic on the ocean biology, ecology and biogeochemistry.\"Part of Nasa's mission is pioneering scientific discovery, and this is like finding the Amazon rainforest in the middle of the Mojave Desert,\" said Paula Bontempi, Nasa's ocean biology and biogeochemistry program manager in Washington. \"We embarked on ICESCAPE to validate our satellite ocean-observing data in an area of the Earth that is very difficult to get to,\" Bontempi said.The microscopic plants, called phytoplankton, are the base of the marine food chain. Phytoplankton was thought to grow in the Arctic Ocean only after sea ice had retreated for the summer. Scientists now think that the thinning Arctic ice is allowing sunlight to reach the waters under the sea ice, catalyzing the plant blooms where they had never been observed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13948956", "title": "Pre-monsoon work begins in Ambad's industrial area", "text": "NASHIK: A day after the review of pre-monsoon works in the Ambad MIDC industrial areas of Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation (MIDC) industrial areas by Nashik Municipal Corporation (NMC) officials, the NMC has started pre-monsoon works in the areas to curb water logging problems.The NMC had already approved Rs. 4 crore for various pre-monsoon works in the area. Accordingly, the administration has started all the major pre-monsoon worksThe nullah in 'H' sector where the monsoon water comes from the hilly areas and accumulates during the season, was cleaned out. Besides this, the work of making a temporary drainage system along roads in the region has also begun.Speaking to TOI, Suresh Mali, president of the Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA), said, \"Every year, water collects in Ambad MIDC area during the monsoons. NMC officials had just visited the industrial region and had taken a review of pre-monsoon works required here. Accordingly, the NMC administration has started its pre-monsoon work in the area. Major works, which are necessary to avoid water accumulation, have been started ona priority-basis. The Nullah in the area has been cleaned. Also, pipelines are to be laid down in sectors like 'H', 'L', 'F' and 'D', where water is known to collect during this season.\"Every year, water is accumulated during monsoon in Ambad MIDC.Monsoon water also reaches within industrial units at some locations in the area causing heavy losses to businesses here. Considering this fact, NMC officials including deputy Engineer P H Pathade, junior engineers A J Qazi and D P Jadhav had on Wednesday met the office-bearers of Nashik Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Corporation (NIMA) and Ambad Industries &amp; Manufacturers' Association (AIMA).Earlier, NIMA president Dhananjay Bele and AIMA President Suresh Mali had held talks with NMC officials on water accumulation issues and had urged them to carry out all the major works required to avoid such situations in Ambad MIDC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958854", "title": "No remakes for me, please", "text": "After Ollywood was flooded with movies that were either dubbed or inspired by movies from down South, director Pankaj Pani is all set to make a movie that is supposed to be an original.The movie titled \"Nai Separi Kanaka Gori\", which the director insists will have pure Odia flavour, had its muhurrat recently at the Shiridi Sai temple in the city.\"I am happy to say that this is a completely original movie and it's not inspired from south cinemas. It will be a film rooted in the Odia culture,\" confirmed the lead actor, Partha. When asked if it can compete with other Odia cinemas that are remakes, the director said, \"I am not doing an art film. It's purely a commercial movie but will have the essence of Odisha.\"Scheduled for a Dussehra release, the film will be completely shot in Odisha. Rali Nanda will be playing the female lead. The other members of the cast include Mihir Das, Minaketan, Samaresh, Aparajita and Debu Bose.Jyoti Prakash Naik", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13948488", "title": "Muktijoddha searches for comrades' remains in foreign land", "text": "KOLKATA: His father was a Kolkata (then Calcutta) Police officer and his mother hailed from Delhi till they moved to East Pakistan in 1947. Their son Q Sajjad A Zahir went on to join the 14 Paratroop Brigade of the Pakistan Army as an officer and served till the atrocities started. During the Liberation War, he became a Muktijoddha and fought alongside Indian troops to create Bangladesh. Now, Lt Gen (retd) Zahir, a Bir Protik (equivalent to Vir Chakra) winner, has returned to India on a mission that he believes will help to cement ties between the two nations.He is touring the states bordering Bangladesh in search of spots where Muktijoddhas who gave up their lives were laid to rest during the War in 1971. On Friday, he met West Bengal home secretary Basudeb Banerjee and discussed his plans. He was accompanied by Md Golam Mustofa, joint secretary, ministry of Liberation War affairs, Bangladesh. They will also meet senior Border Security Force (BSF) officers in the city for assistance.The protocol to trace Muktijoddha graves was signed during Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's visit to Dhaka in 2001. Since then, it has been a 12-year struggle for people like Zahir. Much headway couldn't be made for several years as relations between the two countries were not at their best. Finally, after Sk Hasina returned to power, a four-member committee was formed for this purpose.\"Our job is to trace the missing population of Bangladesh. An estimated 4,000 Bangladeshis went missing after the War. Till date, I have identified 27 spots in India where Muktijoddhas were buried. During the War, the Mukti Bahini and Mitra Bahini (Indian troops) fought together and the border was not well demarcated. Many Muktijoddhas would operate from camps on Indian territory. After battles, they would return to the camps. The rule was not to leave behind any dead or injured Muktijoddha for fear of torture or mutilation in the hands of the Pakistani forces. On return, many bodies would be buried near the camps while the injured would be moved to hospitals. Those who passed away in hospital would be buried in graveyards nearby,\" Zahir said.He had his first success when he succeeded in tracing the body of Bir Shrestha Hamidur Rahman from Ambasa, about 84 km from Agartala. Zahir toiled for five and a half hours to exhume the remains and take it back to the National Freedom Fighter's Garveyard at Mirpur in Dhaka.\"I have succeeded in locating 51 graves near a hospital in Shillong. Former Indian Army officers helped me to locate 251 graves close to the Indo-Bangla border in Dawki, Meghalaya. There are a further 282 graves in what is known as 'No Man's Land' between the two countries adjacent to the Comilla district. Our plan is to take back the remains if possible. If not, we want to mark the graves with memorial plaques. In some cases, we may take away some soil from the site as per Islamic laws and place them at Kalyapathar in Comilla where land has been allotted for a final resting place for Muktijoddhas,\" the Muktijoddha said. He has already taken up the matter with the ministry of external affairs, ministry of home affairs and the ministry of defence.Zahir has also been helping Indians to locate the spots in Bangladesh where their loved ones perished during the Liberation War. He has also helped Indian Army units to trace small memorials that were set up along the route they followed to Dhaka. During one visit to India, Zahir visited the native place of Paramvir Chakra winner Ln Naik Albert Ekka. The gallant warrior's widow greeted him with tremendous warmth when she came to know that he was from Bangladesh.\"I was apprehensive but when she came to know that I was from Bangladesh, she hugged me. She wanted to know more about Gangasagar where her husband breathed his last. I gave her some photographs of Gangasagar and she said that she was seeing Bangladesh for the first time in her life. These are the things that matter. For people like her, Bangladesh holds a very special place in the heart. Unfortunately, the War of Liberation is not well documented and the Muktijoddhas and Indian officers who participated are getting old. The younger generation is not aware of the greatest part of the friendship - the bondage of blood and glory,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13953680", "title": "Janasamaksham programme witnesses heavy turnout", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The innovative mass contact programme, 'Janasamaksham' organized by the district administration received overwhelming response from the residents of Kodenchery panchayat. Altogether 2,200 memorandums were submitted by the villagers to the district collector.Majority of the complaints were regarding transfer of their ration cards from above poverty line to below poverty line.As many as 1,070 persons approached the officials in need of BPL ration cards and 26 families submitted application for new ration cards.Collector K V Mohan Kumar recommended action in 119 complaints related to revenue department and 91 complaints received by the panchayat deputy director. Besides, 15 applications demanded more KSRTC services in Kodenchery panchayat. Complaints related to bank loans, functioning of Kerala water authority and poverty alleviation department were also received at the programme.While 13 complaints were left for the consideration of police, 28 complaints were handed over to KSEB.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13944736", "title": "Realtor accused of selling plots illegally, police asked to file FIR", "text": "GURGAON: The district administration has recommended registration of an FIR against a private realtor for allegedly selling plots around the Northern Peripheral Road in Gurgaon without taking a valid licence from the Haryana government's department of Town and Country Planning (DTCP).However, a spokesperson of the realtor, Earth Infrastructure Ltd, clarified that they had no information about any recommendation for an FIR and that they have the \"requisite licences\".Police have been asked to investigate the allegation that the realtor sold \"plots\" or \"flats\" illegally and get finer details before a case is registered.The projects in question are Earthcopia I and II located in Sector 112 and 107 which, according to preliminary findings by the DTP (enforcement) have not obtained the necessary licences from the director general, town and country planning, Haryana. The builder is promoting these projects through online advertisements, maintain the district officials.\"We have received complaints via e-mails that the realtor has already begun bookings of plots or flats for their projects named Earthcopia I and Earthcopia II. However, there are no records of any licences or permissions issued in the name of Earth Infrastructure Ltd from our department. Most of these transactions have been carried out online and hence, we have informed the administration and asked them to examine the matter,\" said DTP (enforcement), Anil Dabas.According to Gurgaon deputy commissioner P C Meena, \"Earth Infrastructure Ltd has contravened Section 7 (1) which is a cognizable offence as per provisions of Section 10 (1) of the Haryana Development and Regulations of Urban Areas Act, 1975 since it is mandatory that a realtor or developer obtain permission from the DTCP before starting the sale of plots.\"However, when contacted, a spokesperson of Earth Infrastructure said, \"We have licence number 35 of 2011 for Earthcopia and licence number 23 of 2012 for Earthcopia II issued in our names. Also, we have not sold plots under any project and are yet to launch Earthcopia II in market.\"According to the latest data of the DTCP (available till December 2011), licence 35 of 2011 is issued in the name of Aurochem Buildprop Pvt Ltd for 11 acres of Sector 112 in city. Market watchers say that it is possible that a project is a part of a joint venture and there is nothing unusual in case the licence for a project is issued in the name of a joint venture partner.However, according to.Dabas, \"The licence may have been acquired by a different company. As per norms, only that company which has got the licences can advertize for its projects.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13943848", "title": "UP Boards class X results: HS honours for Barabanki students", "text": "LUCKNOW: Once again, students from Barabanki grabbed the top positions in the UP Boards class X results which were declared on Friday. Pooja Yadav from Maharani Lakshmi Bai Inter College (MLBIC), Akanksha Singh from Saraswati Vidya Mandir and Anna Yadav from BRGP Higher Secondary School, Suratganj, (nearly 30 kilometres from Barabanki) jointly shared the first place. Securing 96.3%, Vijayshree Bajpayee from WCA College, Barabanki stood at second place. The third position was bagged by Rishu Verma, from MLBIC, Barabanki with 95.6% marks.UP board toppers, most of them who aspire for civil services believed that their hard work and dedication has reaped fruits. Spending an average of seven hours a day excluding school hours, Akansha Singh said, \"A proper schedule and self-study is the key to success.''Vijayshree said, \"Regular studies is must in scoring good marks.'' Agreeing with her was Pooja Yadav who said, \"All through my board exams, I never took stress and I think that's the reason for my success.''Expecting better marks, Rishu Verma said, \"The quality of hours put towards studying is far important than the quantity of hours. I was very clear with the fundamentals which helped me in scoring good marks.'' As evident, celebrations erupted at the toppers house after the results were declared.Phone bells kept ringing and friends and relatives kept knocking their doors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13940948", "title": "Automation of exam work at University of Pune to begin soon, says VC Wasudev N Gade", "text": "PUNE: The examination department work at the University of Pune (UoP) is in for a major automation exercise that is to commence in six months from now.\"We have shortlisted three to four firms, who have offered various solutions for online exams and other automation processes. One of these will be finalised in a week's time,\" UoP Vice-Chancellor Wasudev N Gade said on Friday.He said, \"The automation drive will be implemented in a phased manner, starting with the engineering exams. It will cover the remaining streams in due course.\"The Maharashtra University Act, 1994 makes it mandatory for the state universities to declare the results within 45 days of completion of the exams. However, issues like goof ups in evaluation of papers and delayed declaration of results, especially those related to engineering studies, by the UoP have always hit the headlines.Most of these issues are attributed to a combination of factors starting with the large volume of exam work handled by the university, to the unavailability of staff for different examination related works and experts for evaluation of subjects involving niche areas in engineering.Besides, issues related to reluctance of colleges to release their staff for centralised assessment process (CAP) works also ails the varsity.On an average, the UoP exam department conducts examination for 275 subjects in each of the March/April and October/November sessions. Delayed results often impact the students' future prospects in securing jobs or starting with their studies for the next semester. The automation work has been in talks for quite some time in this context.Gade, who took charge as the new VC three weeks ago and has earlier, held the key post of director of board of college and university development (BCUD), conceded that the volume of work handled by the exam department is huge owing to the large number of affiliated colleges and recognised institutions. The UoP boasts of 613 affiliated colleges and 325 recognised institutions.\"We have undertaken a review of the automation of the examination work implemented by various institutions of higher education including the Manipal University, Indira Gandhi National Open University and Pondicherry University,\" he said.Gade also identified introduction of skill development component in the UoP syllabi; strengthening of research in and outside UoP campus and support to teachers for research, among other areas that need to be addressed on priority.\"The skill development component will be brought in the syllabi across all faculties at the graduate level and some faculties at the post-graduate level,\" he said. \"We are identifying specific sectors from where the industry will be involved for implementing the skill development study programme. The industry involvement will be through the Skill Development Corporation of India,\" he added.Gade dismissed suggestions that the UoP's ambitious integrated MTech-PhD programme, initiated last year by his predecessor R K Shevgaonkar and modelled on the industry-academia interaction pattern, has been a non-starter.\"I must say, there are issues related to building confidence level among the university and the industry partners, but it's being sorted out,\" he said.\"The collaboration is working for now and we have signed an MoU with our industry partners. The industry has also funded fellowships and students, too, have been enrolled,\" he said.\"Senior academician S I Patil has been appointed head of the MTech-PhD initiative to sort out the issues,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13952673", "title": "Integrated courses: A trend with benefits", "text": "Aiming to make higher education more industry-centric, several universities across the state and country have begun offering flexible dual degree and integrated courses in management and human resources to go with engineering programmes. Some of the country's premier institutions have taken the lead in introducing integrated programmes, thus setting a trend for others to follow. \"The Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs) offer a five-year MTech dual degree course in several engineering branches. The Indian Institute of Science Education and Research also offers a dual BS-MS programme where students study mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, and humanities initially and then specialise in a combination of subjects,\" says Sidhartha Rastogi, professor of Economics at IIT Indore.Rastogi continues, \"One thing you need to consider and realise is that integrating your degree adds two whole years to your experience. Generally, a double degree is a five-year programme. However, there are exceptions where they last for just four years while other programmes have an even longer duration. Students who complete an integrated course have the advantage of opting to pursue a PhD. The other advantage is that you don't have to take an entrance exam twice. If you are sure of the course you are pursuing, it definitely works well for you. It (the course) helps you gain exposure to various disciplines and focus on what you want to do.\"An integrated study programme has a curriculum that comprises of content jointly designed by two or more higher education disciplines, and regulated by a specific set of guidelines. \"Students like us who choose the programme, take on defined periods of study in each discipline, in terms of duration and content. At the end of the course, after relevant examinations, we are awarded both qualifications by the institution,\" says Nishant Rajakumaran, of SRM University who is pursuing an integrated BTech programme. \"We study two years of our integrated course here and are even sent to a foreign university to complete the same,\" he says, \"These programmes are also designed in such a way that we can exit from the programme at a predefined stage and earn one degree.\"Management education integrated with engineering, architecture and pharmacy, offers immense opportunities for students. Interestingly, integrated dual degree programs are not new to Indian education system, with some of these programmes being in vogue for the last decade. However, it is only recently that universities have begun scaling-up programmes on offer, adding a modern edge to them. \"A student can enroll in an integrated BE-MBA course after class XII. On completion of three years the university confers a Bachelor's degree in Management. After four years, they (students) get applied management degrees and are industry-ready,\" says Dr P Mannar Jawahar, vice chancellor, Anna University, \"After a few years of relevant work experience, students can obtain a Master's degree in Management.\"Integrated courses and dual degrees come in various disciplines, from engineering to humanities. \"It is important to draw the line between dual degrees and integrated programmes, although these terms are often used interchangeably,\" says Dr Ponnavaiko, vice chancellor of SRM University, \"A joint degree program is an outcome to an integrated course of study. An integrated study programme comprises of a curriculum that is jointly designed by two or more higher education institutions - sometimes from different countries or disciplines - and is regulated by a specific set of guidelines. Students who choose the programme undertake defined periods of study in each institution or discipline in terms of duration and content. At the end of the courses and after relevant examinations, students are awarded a single qualification jointly signed by the academic authorities of both institutions and/or disciplines.\"DOUBLE BENEFITA joint degree programme is an outcome to an integrated course of study. An integrated study program comprises of a curriculum that is jointly designed by two or more higher education institutions - sometimes from different countries or disciplines - and is regulated by a specific set of guidelinesThe Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) offer a five-year MTech dual degree course in several engineering branches. The Indian Institute of Science Education and Research also offers a dual BS-MS programme where students study mathematics, physics, chemistry, biology, and humanities.Courtesy: Myeducationtimes.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13953297", "title": "T K Rajeesh part of 4 Kannur murders", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The special investigation team (SIT) that interrogated T K Rajeesh, the member of the killer squad that murdered RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan, is learnt to have gathered information on his involvement in four other murder cases that took place in Kannur. The SIT will submit a report to the state police chief Jacob Punnose. tnndetailing their findings, which may lead to a further investigation into these cases.The cases are the killings of BJP-RSS workers K T Jayakrishnan at Mokeri (1999), Suraj at Muzhuppilangadu (2005), Kuniyil Suresh Babu, Eengayil Peedika (2008) Vadakkechalil Vinayan, Champad (2009). At the moment, Rajeesh has not been chargesheeted in any of these cases.Rajeesh is learnt to have told the police that he joined the gang following instructions from the CPM leadership. Rajeesh, who was picked up from Maharashtra-Goa border, told the interrogators that he is not a hired killer but a disciplined follower who carries out missions entrusted by the party.It was Panur area committee member P K Kunhanandan who informed him that the party had decided to eliminate Chandrasekharan, who had become a 'headache' for the CPM. Kodi Suni, another member of the killer squad, also wanted Rajeesh to be a part of the gang as his presence would boost the morale of the team.Rajeesh said he thought killing Chandrasekharan would not be a difficult job as he had undertaken more serious jobs in the past. There was an assurance that the party would help him face any eventuality after the murder, as in the past.A series of attempts were made on the life of the RMP leader during the run-up to the Lok Sabha elections in 2009. The conspiracy was hatched at the house of CPM Thalassery area committee member P P Ramakrishnan. When the attempts did not succeed, the gang left the weapons at the house for safe custody.The latest attempt was planned in April 2012. Rajeesh said he and other gang members reached Orkkatteri around 7pm and waited for information about the movements of Chandrasekharan from Dipin, who was following the RMP leader.Rajeesh asked Anup, who was driving the car, to knock down the target, who was riding a motorbike. Rajeesh, Anup, Suni, Muhammed Shafi, Sijith and Shinoj pounced on Chandrasekharan and hacked him several times. Rajeesh said he joined the team for the second attempt after the conspiracy part was over. Kirmani Manoj, Suni and Anup called him from the phone from the house of Kunhanandan at Panur asking him to join the gang. He, then, took the lead in constituting the team and fixing the modus operandi. Rajeesh was produced before the Vadakara judicial first class magistrate, who remanded him in judicial custody for 14 days. The police brought him to the court with his face covered as he will be brought for an identification parade. Rajeesh, who looked calm, replied in the negative when the magistrate asked whether he had anything to say.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943858", "title": "Wedding cards go special with laser &amp; 3D tech", "text": "INDORE: Indoreans are sparing no expenses to make their wedding ceremonies go down the memory lanes of at least their kin and acquaintances. As such, ample attention is being paid not just to the wedding attires and venue decoration but also to wedding invitation cards by making them unique in every aspect. From traditional fabric scrolls and those with royal gold and silver foil works to latest hi-tech cards with laser engraved and 3D designs, Indoreans are leaving no stone unturned to make their cards look special.City markets too are ensuring that the stock meets the fancy of those exclusivity lovers. Even latest technology is coming handy. Laser-beam engraved cards in silk fabric are in vogue. Envelopes are out and the cards are being sent in carved wooden boxes with sugar-free sweets and even imported chocolates.Prabuddha Kothari a weeding card designer says, \"People are looking for fashionable designs and demand things which have never been seen before. Laser engraved designs and designer fabric scrolls are the latest designs loved by all the customers. The traditional Ganesh engraved on the cards have been replaced by Madhubani style paintings to give the card a royal punch.\"\"Fabric booklets or diaries telling the story of how the bride and the groom met are also the latest trend,\" said Mayank Batra, wedding card designer.Making the most of the opportunity, card makers too are laughing all the way to banks. Depending upon the efforts and inputs that go into the making, each card may come with a price tag of Rs 1,000 and more. \"Cards with glasswork, 3D cards, laser cutting, stone work and hand crafted cards cost a bit higher, but are slowly catching as they are attractive,\" Batra said.Shakti Goyal who recently got married says, \"I had three different kinds of cards in different ranges for our professional and personal guests for my wedding.\" We distributed a wooden box with dry fruits and the invitation card designed with zardozi crafted with glass and pearls holding a picture of the bride and the groom. We wanted our invitation to be remembered by everyone who received them and we were successful.\"\"We got global marriage guidebook as a wedding card printed under personal assistance. The 48-page booklet-cum-wedding card had complete description about Indian and foreign wedding styles -- Jain, Hindu, Maharashtrian, Malayali, Sikh, Bengali, Christian, Muslim, Marwari and Arya Samaj and from Egypt, Morocco, China, Japan, Brazil, Spain, Africa , Italy, Greece and the USA,\" said Hansmukh Jain Gandhi, a businessman who designed a unique card for his son's wedding. The card also included information about celebrity weddings - those of Price Charles-Dianna, Prince William-Kate Middleton, Abhishek Bachchan-Aishwarya Rai to name a few.\"We received many calls from relatives, friends and others appreciating the card theme and idea,\" Gandhi said with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13939103", "title": "35 deaths in Patna Medical College and Hospital, govt denies encephalitis", "text": "PATNA: Thirty-five children died during the last more than a month at Patna Medical College and Hospital (PMCH) due to acute encephalitis syndrome.The government on Friday attributed these deaths to acute encephalopathy caused by excessive heat and humidity prevailing in the state. The 34 children were from 21 different districts of Bihar while one was from Birganj, Nepal.\"Not a single positive case of suspected encephalitis or Japanese Encephalitis (JE) has been detected at PMCH,\" claimed principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha. PMCH's paediatrics department head Dr Sanjata Roy Choudhary also said the children showed signs of acute encephalitis syndrome (AES) with symptoms of fever and convulsion. \"However, we haven't detected any case of JE or encephalitis so far,\" the doctor said and added the children were in a dehydrated condition and most of them were in the age group of 1-5 years though some older ones too succumbed to it.\"Though one can prevent JE deaths through vaccination, it is not the same with the AES,\" Dr Choudhary said. She, however, underlined the need for more beds in paediatrics department. PMCH paediatrics department has 180 beds with 200% occupancy.At Nalanda Medical College and Hospital (NMCH), seven such cases have been admitted. Of them, one child died of AES, said Dr A K Jaiswal of NMCH.With regard to deaths at Muzaffarpur and Gaya, the principal secretary (health) put the toll at 21 and 9 respectively. At Muzaffarpur too, the government denied deaths due to encephalitis though it admitted two positive cases of JE at Gaya.Dr Prabhat of Rajendra Memorial Research Institute said samples of 31 suspected encephalitis cases were tested in Gaya but no positive case was found.In a new twist, the government suspects enterovirus, found in UP's Gorakhpur, could be one of the factors. At least 22% of the 300 samples tested at Gorakhpur showed presence of enterovirus, said experts.Sinha said a mass vaccination drive has been launched in Gaya for children between 1-15 years while in Muzaffarpur, routine immunization (RI) has been undertaken. RI would also be launched in Gaya, Muzaffarpur, Nawada, Siwan, Gopalganj and West Champaran, he said.Meanwhile, the state government has got the final report of the national institute of virology (NIV), Pune, on the samples taken in 2011, which has ruled out JE in Gaya and Muzaffarpur region.The government has more or less gone with the theory of Dr G S Sahni, an expert who has threw new light on epidemiological difference between encephalitis and the current illness. \"Dr Sahni has propounded that JE occurs mostly in monsoon and post-monsoon months but this disease occurs in May-June,\" Sinha said. The favourable time for the reproduction of JE culex mosquito which breeds in rice field, marshes and standing water is rainy season, according to Dr Sahni.According to Sahni, JE occurs where pigs are found because pig is the amplifier host of this virus. But the illness of the children does not relate to pigs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13957509", "title": "Dr Rajkamal fifth time lucky to sit on Vishwavidhalaya's vice-chancellor seat", "text": "INDORE: Dr Rajkamal is dubbed as the luckiest professor of Devi Ahilya Vishwavidhalaya (DAVV) who got fifth chance to sit on the vice-chancellor chair.On Wednesday, he was asked by governor to continue in the V- C office at the time when everybody thought that he would be eventually replaced. In past six-and-a-half year time Dr Rajkamal is privileged to be appointed officiating VC. He was first appointed officiating V- C on August 5, 2008 when CS Chhadha vacated the seat.His term as officiating VC expired on January 5, 2007 but was given extension till March 5, 2007.With the Raj Bhawan's move to give another chance to Rajkamal, the prevailing instability in the university is unlikely to vanish as certain factions of teachers, HoDs, and officers are cross with him. They would never accept him as VC as they did not previously.Besides, many have lost hope in Raj Bhawan as it could not decide in six months whom to be appointed as the VC. \"The VC search panel gave its names a fortnight ago still the Raj Bhawan says that the VC appointment process could not be completed. What else was left for the process to be completed except finalizing one from the recommended names?\" asked a senior professor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13940501", "title": "First time women corporators impress", "text": "NAGPUR: The speeches of women corporators during budget discussion in NMC House indicated they mean business. These corporators from different parties, most of them first timers, more sensibly than their many of their more experienced male counterparts. Women corporators Dr Safalta Ambatkar, Dr Uma Gathibande, Rekha Barahate, who a lawyer, were among those who spoke.The first time corporators seemed to be much better prepared in the House. BJP corporator Dr Safalta Ambatkar, who is also chairperson of hospital committee, spoke about NMC needing to collaborate with private hospitals for providing treatments like bypass surgery etc. As a health practitioner, she said that such a tie-up would help middle class people avail expensive treatments at much lower cost.Barahate, who represents Congress, too covered many proposals of the budget including creating rehabilitation centre for Mental Hospital patients who are cured but still not taken back by their families. Welcoming the move to create a de-addiction centre, she wanted ban on selling of tobacco related products near schools to be enforced.Another first time BJP corporator Dr Uma too made suggestions to improve health facilities in NMC hospitals. She said though there were at least three maternity hospitals run by the corporation, none has sonography facilities. BJP corporator Divya Dhurde too spoke on many issues and made good suggestions.Cutting across party lines, the fresh faces in the corporation asked the standing panel chief to focus on overall development of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13958310", "title": "Jolie to direct movie adaptation of 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'", "text": "Universal Studios are in the process of signing up Angelina Jolie to direct the BDSM erotic novel 'Fifty Shades Of Grey'.According to Deadline, the studio secured the rights to the book for a seven-figure sum, the Daily Telegraph reported.It is an erotic novel written by British author E.L James and the first in a trilogy of books.It originally started as Twilight fan fiction and is notorious for its explicit sex scenes which involve BDSM.Universal Studios were apparently very impressed with Jolie's directorial debut in 'In The Land Of Blood and Honey' and think that she would be the perfect candidate once she finishes work on Disney film 'Maleficent'.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13944193", "title": "UP Board class X results: Lucknow's pass percentage up by 12.3", "text": "LUCKNOW: With the declaration of class X results, Lucknow has something to cheer. The data released by Uttar Pradesh Madhyamik Shiksha Parishad shows that the pass percentage in Lucknow has registered an increase by 12.3%.Though the city slipped from 18th position (last) to19th position this year, the pass percentage saw an impressive increase from 74.42% recorded in 2011 to 86.74% found this year. Not only this, 10,000 more students have passed the class X examinations as compared to previous year.The number of students who successfully qualified the exam rose to 53,204 as against 43,140 last year. In 2011, a total of 65,076 students registered, of which 57,965 appeared for the exam. This year, 61,339 students took the exam as against 63,995 who registered for it.UP Board officials say it is a record increase in the pass percentage. In 2011, the pass percentage improved marginally by 1.12% in comparison to 2010. But the city acquired 18th position as against rank 45 recorded in 2012.To note, it was only after a gap of four years that the overall pass percentage of students doubled. In 2008, only 40.07% of students were passed in the state which this year stands at 83.75% which obviously shows a healthy trend.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13956564", "title": "Wish I belonged to this industry: Preeti Jhangiani", "text": "In town recently for Bengali film 'Mistake', Preeti Jhangiani got talking about the changing face of Bollywood and more What made you come on board a Bengali film? I had dozens of offers coming my way, but I didn't take them up. At times, the scripts too wouldn't be ready and they wanted me in the film! This time around, SK (director) approached me with a bound script and I thought the part was interesting. The director was enthusiastic and the idea fresh. So, I thought of giving \"Mistake\" a shot. Give us a peek into the role. I play a college-goer. The company that she gets involved in, makes her take some drastic steps. The film is about peer pressure. It must have felt like revisiting college days... Of course, in some ways. Just that I never got into trouble in college. Isn't language a barrier? I didn't think that Bangla would be difficult to pick up. SK's was quite keen that I pull off the role and again, in the film, I'm not seen as someone who belongs to Kolkata. I got to practise and thought I would manage fine. How was it getting back to work after marriage? It's pretty hard. Suddenly, I feel there's so much work. After wrapping up this film, I'll have to start shooting a Kannada flick. Staying away from home is also an issue as I have my son to look after. Though I don't stay out of Mumbai for days on end, I still miss him when I'm not home. He is too young to miss me, but I do... terribly. Is Parvin (Dabas) a hands-on father? From Day One there has been no awkward moment. Parvin feeds him, takes him out. And the one-year-old would go to the park only with Parvin, even when I'm there. They are a perfect father-son duo. Marriage was considered a taboo in Bollywood until a few years ago. Are things changing? Totally. For the audience, it hardly mattered if an actor was married or not. Only insiders in the industry would create that divide between married and unmarried actors. There was a mental block, but now things are looking up. Look at Lara Dutta . Take the example of Mandira Bedi , isn't she looking more stunning with time? I think I have more work now than I had before marriage. There are two Hindi films in my kitty. I've also signed another Bengali venture, but I cannot disclose it right now. So, even motherhood is no longer a taboo... It's a typical Indian thing to think about an actor's personal life. In Hollywood , most of the top-rung stars have not just one, but a couple of kids. But as I said, things are fast changing. And now, your career is not finished even if you are a mother. Tell us about your next release. \"The Masterpiece\". An experimental film about an ageing actor, it has already done the rounds of festivals. I've also completed Dekho Yeh Hai Mumbai , a satire on how Hindi films are made. Then, there's Kaash Tum Hotey . Your debut film, \"Mohabbatein\", gave your career a soaring start. But then there were mistakes that you made in terms of choosing projects. Did the fact that you didn't belong to the industry act as a deterrent? It did. I do not belong to the industry, so I didn't have anyone giving me good advice. There were films I signed that did not even take off. Then, there were mistakes that I made in terms of signing projects. I have no regrets. But it could have done me good had I belonged to this place. How has the Kolkata experience been? Too hot! The time I was shooting here was perhaps the hottest. On top of that, there were outdoor shoots! But I loved the food \u2014 maachher jhol and mustard fish. Any favourite Bengali directors? I've heard so much about Goutam Ghose and Rituparno Ghosh. Beyond that, my knowledge of the industry is limited. But I will soon get clued into it.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13942754", "title": "Sent to the wild: 300 frogs saved in Karwar", "text": "PANAJI: A seizure of 300 Indian bullfrogs in a Goa-bound bus at Karwar has alerted officials and activists in both states to the possibility of an inter-state smuggling racket catering to the eateries in Goa's tourism belt.Forest officials in Karwar tried to intercept persons carrying more than 300 giant frogs of the Rana tigrina species at the town's bus stand. \"But seeing our men, they abandoned the gunny bags and escaped,\" Nagraj Naik, deputy conservator of forests, Karwar sub-division, said.The smugglers were about to board a Goa-bound bus at Karwar bus stand on Tuesday. \"We had received a tip off about it,\" Naik said.After taking the frogs in their custody, the forest officials booked a case against the unknown offenders. The rescued amphibians were then dispatched straight to the local science centre where a function to mark world environment day was in progress.The local minister and forest officials were present and briefed the press before releasing them into the wild. \"We are keeping vigil and hope to arrest the culprits and bust the racket,\" Naik added. Green activists in the state said the supply from across the border is fuelled by the consumption in restaurants. \"The restaurateurs pay a huge price for the frogs,\" Clinton Vaz, an environmental activist said. In Goa, patrolling by volunteers and forest department during the first monsoon showers, has helped curb the poaching to a great extent.\"But it is the suppliers who are caught while restaurateurs get away,\" Vaz said. Goa forest officials said they are alert to the possibility of inter-state smuggling of frogs. \"We will take up the matter with our counterparts in Karnataka,\" D N Carvalho, deputy conservator of forests north Goa (wildlife and eco tourism) said.The vehicles entering the state at the check-posts will be monitored, sources told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946831", "title": "Baseball bat victim suffers memory loss", "text": "Sanjay Jaiswal, 35, who was hit with a baseball bat in Wednesday's road rage incident, regained consciousness on Thursday, but till Friday could not recognize all his relatives. He kept saying that he had to go to the police, because Wednesday's beating keeps haunting him.On Wednesday, Sanjay, a US-based diamond businessman, tried to stop Indrajit Sawant, a vice-president with an engineering firm, from assaulting Hrishi Gandhi with a baseball bat at BKC. Sanjay himself was hit on the head and collapsed. He was taken to Nanavati Hospital, Vile Parle, and regained consciousness only on Thursday. \"But he is still having problems regaining his memory,\" said a relative on Friday.His elder brother Ashok Jaiswal said, \"He does not remember all of us. The doctors have asked us to talk to him and divert his attention from the traumatic incident. But every time we talk of anything, he keeps repeating that they should go to the police station.\"Sanjay's relatives are worried he might never regain his complete memory. Ashok told TOI, \"He did not recognize me. Only after I told him I was his elder brother did he suddenly remember. He keeps asking, 'Why did he hit me? I was only talking to him.' I don't know what to tell him.\"Most of Sanjay's relatives said he is happygo-lucky and didn't take things too seriously. His nephew Karan Khanna said, \"He has a cool temperament and was never aggressive. If he got into an argument he would always quiet down and walk off.\" Ashok said, \"Even as a child he was the last person to get into a fight. He is a jovial person and likes taking life easy.\"On Wednesday evening, Sanjay noticed a crowd at BKC. Sawant's car had hit Gandhi's and in the fight that followed Sawant raised a bat against Gandhi. Jaiswal tried to reason with Sawant, but the latter attacked him.Sanjay has been selling diamonds on board a cruise liner in Miami for the past six years. He came to India on April 30 to attend his nephew's wedding in May. His family said he usually came down every eight to 10 months to meet his wife Anita and daughter Simone, 6. Sanjay was supposed to return to Miami later this month after his daughter's school started.The family has not yet told Simone and Sanjay's mother Shantidevi the news as they fear the shock might be too much for them.Doctors at Nanavati have asked the family to keep talking to Sanjay. \"He is conscious, but disoriented. He has suffered a brain injury and multiple fractures in the skull. We will know his exact condition in a few days,\" said Dr Ashok Hatolkar, medical superintendent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13939390", "title": "Saving earth, the Patna Women\u2019s College way", "text": "The United Nations Conference on Environment and Development, also known as the Rio Summit, Rio Conference or Earth Summit, was a major UN conference held in Rio de Janeiro on June 3-14, 1992. This was the triggering point which made an enthusiastic group of students and Sister Doris D'Souza of Patna Women's College pause and reflect on their responsibility of saving the earth and the environment.Thus on June 5, 1992, a student body __ Environment Conservation Outreach (ECO) Task Force __ working for environmental education, protection and conservation, was born. Initially, 46 members joined the force. Today, it has over 1,500 members. Each move of the ECO Task Force is motivated towards conserving nature and earth taking care that ecological balance is maintained . The basic aim of Eco Task Force is to inculcate in students and in the community (urban and rural) an awareness of the environment, its problems and the need to protect Mother Earth.ECO Task Force participates in the National Environment Awareness Campaign (NEAC) of the Union ministry of environment and forests every year. Activities such as exhibitions, workshops, seminars, symposia, training programmes, rallies, human chains etc under NEAC take place in which over 1,000 students participate each year. Local schools participate regularly in ECO Task Force activities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13954485", "title": "Director K S R Das passed away", "text": "Veteran director K S R Das passed away while undergoing treatment at Apollo Hospital in Chennai on June 8, 2012. The director is being treated for age related ailments but he breathed his last yesterday. K S R, 75, directed more than 100 films in Telugu, Kannada, Tamil, Hindi and Malayalam.K S R Das was credited for introducing full-length action films in Telugu like \"Rowdy Rani\" (1970) and superstar Krishna's cowboy movie \"Mosagallaki Mosagadu\" (1971). In fact, K S R directed South Indian star heroes like NTR, Chiranjeevi, Shoban Babu, Rajinikanth , and nearly 30 films with Krishna. His son is a prominent producer in Kannada film industry.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13943403", "title": "Gang-rape at Dhaba: Role of missing cop under scanner", "text": "INDORE: A challan has been slapped on a cop who has been absconding since the incident of gang rape of a 30-year-old woman took place at Anmol Dhaba in Lasudia in February this year. Though the senior officials have been denying the role of head constable Raghuveer Singh Sirkawar in the incident, but his absence from the duty has raised a finger of suspicion on the absconding cop.CSP Amrendra Singh confirmed that Raghuvir Singh has not reported to duty after the incident and police are investigating into his role in the alleged crime. The department has also put the notice of missing at his residence but to no avail.In connection with the rape case, Singh said that all the accused have been presented before the court, except the 'one in khaki.' Police are doing their best to find out the role of Sikarwar in the incident, he added.A woman was gang-raped by eight persons including a cop at Anmol Dhaba. She was coming with her husband after performing darshan in a temple when their vehicle was intercepted in the name of checking. According to woman, two men had carried them to Anamol Dhaba situated between Dewas and Indore. The lady belongs to Rushtam Ka Bagicha and her husband is an electrician by profession. The woman and her husband were kept captive and all the accused had raped the lady in turns.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13944609", "title": "Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation may not cross 3 bridges", "text": "MUMBAI: The Brihanmumbai Municipal Corporation's (BMC) plan to resurface three of the four special bridges in the island city at a cost of Rs 9.8 crore may not be possible this monsoon. The civic body is yet to receive a no-objection certificate from the traffic department. If the permission does not come before the monsoon begins, the civic body may have a tough time repairing the bridges.The BMC wanted the Kavi Keshavsut, Currey Road, Elphinstone and JSS (Dadar) bridges to be resurfaced before the monsoon. Following criticism last monsoon, the BMC, however, resurfaced the Kavi Keshavsut bridge, Dadar, this week. Interestingly, the bridge has not been resurfaced with mastic asphalt as recommended by the standing technical advisory committee (STAC), but with regular hot-mix. TOI visited it on Tuesday and found that it was in a motorable condition.The other three bridges many only receive temporary monsoon treatment. \"We cannot take up resurfacing as the traffic department is yet to give us permission. If they don't give permission on time, we will not be able to repair them. At most, we can do a little patchwork,\" said a senior roads department official.TOI had reported (April 26) that no contractor had come forward to resurface the four bridges as the BMC had insisted that it be done with mastic asphalt. Additional municipal commissioner Aseem Gupta had said, \"We want the four to be resurfaced before the monsoon. Only those who have mastic asphalt plants can carry out the work. As no one has come forward, we'll have to consider other options, like asking contractors with resources to carry out repairs.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13939935", "title": "Special train between Bangalore-Patna", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Due to heavy rush of passengers in summers, railway administration has decided to ply a special train between Bangalore and Patna.This train will depart from Bangalore at about 10:10 am every Saturday and arrive at Chennai Central at 3:50 pm, Vijaywada at 10:55 pm, Nagpur at 10:20 am, Itarsi at 4:55 pm, Jabalpur at 9:40 pm, Katni at 11:05 pm, Satna at 00:35 am, Manikpur at 2:08 am, Chheoki at 3:40 am, Mughalsarai at 6:10 am, Baksar at 7:38 am, Ara at 8:41 am, Danapur at 9:12 am and finally terminate at Patna at 9:50 am on Thursday. During the return journey, the train will depart from Patna every Thursday at 8:10 pm and arrive at Danapur at 8:25 am, Ara at 8:53 am, Baksar at 9:47 pm, Mughalsarai at 11:35 pm, Chheoki at 2:13 am, Manikpur at 3:48 am, Satna at 5:35 am, Katni at 6:55 am, Jabalpur at 8:40 am, Itarsi at 12:55 pm, Nagpur at 6:20 pm,Vijaywada at 7:20 am, Chennai Central at 2:20 pm and finally terminate at Bangalore at 9:00 pm on Saturday.This train will ply from Bangalore end on June 12,19 and 26 while it will be operational from Patna end on June 14,21 and 28.This train will comprise one AC-II tier, one AC-III tier, ten sleeper and six general coaches. This train will also stop at the stations of Bangalore Cannt, Jolarpetai, Kathpathi junction, Arrakonam junction, Gudur and Balhar Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13957771", "title": "Bob Welch didn't want to burden wife in suicide note", "text": "Former Fleetwood Mac member Bob Welch had written a suicide note to his wife Wendy saying that he didn't want to burden her, before he shot himself in the chest on Thursday.A friend said that Welch told his wife in a suicide note: \"I'm not going to do this to you,\" fearing that spinal surgery would leave him an invalid needing constant care.The body of Welch was found in his Nashville home by his wife Wendy.According to the Tennessean, family friend Bart Herbison, executive director of the National Songwriters Association, said Welch underwent spinal surgery about three months ago.\"It had become apparent to Bob that he was not going to recover, that he was going to become an invalid,\" People quoted Herbison as saying.\"He had seen his father become an invalid and watched his mother care for him for many years,\" Herbison added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13947469", "title": "Truck terminal to be ready by March next", "text": "DHARWAD: If everything goes according to plan, the truck terminal at the Belur Industrial Area, near Dharwad will be ready for use by March next year.The D. Devaraj Urs Truck Terminal Corporation Ltd. has taken up the work of constructing the terminal at a cost of Rs 7.82 crore. When ready it will be the first truck terminal in north Karnataka and the second in the State. The first terminal was inaugurated in Mysore recently. The terminal is coming up on eight acres land adjacent to the main road of the industrial area.It is expected to provide a safe and well-equipped parking facility for trucks and other heavy vehicles entering the industrial area. At present, these vehicles are being parked on the roadside and the drivers lack proper facilities.The haphazard parking of vehicles in the absence of a proper arrangement is also creating traffic snarls. Govind Shejwadkar, engineer in-charge of the project, said the truck terminal will accommodate 183 vehicles and 40 trailers at a time.The terminal has a cafeteria, and a dormitory that can accommodate 100 drivers.\"Space has been provided for a petrol station and a police station. Attention has also been given to ensure greenery. As many as 120 shade giving saplings have been planted and a garden is being developed on the terminal's premises,\" Shejwadkar said. Work on the terminal commenced in September 2010 and was supposed to be completed in a year.The engineer said that the actual works started only by March last year as the site selected for the project was slushy. \"It took around six months to fill the land and make the base strong. Besides, certain changes in the original plan were made at the last minute. This delayed the completion of the work,\" he said. It has been planned to maintain the terminal by collecting user-fee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13938452", "title": "Now, row over toon on anti-Hindi stir", "text": "CHENNAI: As the hue and cry over a cartoon depicting Dr B R Ambedkar in a NCERT textbook dies down, a fresh controversy has been raked up over a cartoon depicting the anti-Hindi agitation by Tamils.MDMK chief Vaiko has issued a statement, saying he had written to Union HRD minister Kapil Sibal, seeking to have the cartoon, published in the NCERT's class 12 political science textbook, removed because it distorted history and hurt the sentiments of the people of Tamil Nadu.PMK leader S Ramadoss joined issue to say the cartoon insulted the anti-Hindi movement and demanded that it be removed from the textbook immediately. But with the Centre having already indicated its willingness to remove political cartoons from text books, the MDMK chief's protest received limited attention across political circles in TN on Friday.Vaiko's latest missive to NCERT may stir another political stormIn his letter to Sibal and NCERT ((National Council of Education Research and Training) director Prof Parvin Sinclair, Vaiko said, \"The cartoon depicts Tamil students in poor light.\" Eight people in Tamil Nadu had committed self-immolation during an agitation in the 1960s to oppose imposition of Hindi.\"The anti-Hindi agitation is a glorious chapter in Tamil Nadu's political history. But the cartoon in the textbook depicts students (of Tamil Nadu) as if they were ignorant and merely indulging in violence. This is a total distortion of history and hurts the sentiments of the people of Tamil Nadu, maligning the historic Dravidian movement,\" Vaiko said. MDMK Party MP A Ganesamoorthy handed over the letter to the NCERT director in New Delhi.Last month, it was a dalit party, the Viduthalai Chiruthaigal Katchi, which is a UPA ally, and the Tamil Nadu unit of the CPM that kicked up a furore over a 1949 cartoon published in an NCERT textbook showing Jawaharlal Nehru and Ambedkar in the context of the slow progress in the framing of the Constitution after Independence.Two NCERT advisers Yogendra Yadav and Suhas Palshikar resigned in the wake of political protests during which Palshikar's office in Pune was attacked.Vaiko's latest missive to the NCERT may stir up the political scene again, especially among regional parties in TN. Some of them, including DMK, are likely to issue statements condemning the cartoon. Vaiko, a former member of the DMK who went on to float the pro-Eelam MDMK, said the anti-Hindi agitation played a significant role in the Dravidian movement and was one of the reasons for the DMK capturing power in 1967.Nehru had assured that Hindi would not be imposed. \"But, Nehru's assurance was thrown to the winds and Hindi was thrust as the sole official language of India in 1965,\" Vaiko said. Imposition of Hindi resulted in discrimination against non-Hindi-speaking people and therefore Tamil scholars and people launched an agitation against its imposition, even from the 1930s, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13946815", "title": "\u2018White\u2019 magic turns 4 marks into 40", "text": "An engineering student who got four marks was given 40, by adding a '0' after the numeral '4' on the mark sheet; another one who scored six was awarded 61. These are but a couple of cases of tampering brought to light by internal investigations of the university, resulting in the exit of its registrar T Leo Alexander on Thursday.Other irregularities include giving marks for unattempted questions, hurriedly arranging exams on unscheduled dates to suit the candidates and allowing candidates who have not paid the exam fees to write the exam. It was also found that the exam board meeting, which was to be held after the paper evaluation, was convened before the examination in 2011 for suspicious reasons. This apparently cost the registrar, who was then the exams controller, his job.A syndicate meeting in October 2012 first reported the irregularities that took place in the June 2011 engineering and distance education exams conducted in May 2011.The engineering students were appearing for a re-examination after failing in papers 10 years ago when engineering education was under the university.The university constituted two committees of inquiry in succession -- the first headed by senior professor S Karunanidhi and the second led by K Subburaj, a syndicate member.The two panels examined more than 400 answer sheets of students and charged the officials with major \" academic crimes,\" a senior university official said.\"There were irregularities in evaluation of several answer sheets. Many mark sheets were found to be tampered with whiteners and additions. All these malpractices were found in the papers evaluated at six centres in Chennai. Out of the 30 officials chargesheeted, seven higher officials are in deep trouble. \"These officials worked as evaluation camp superintendents, while 23 other officials were deputed as camp assistants in the controller of exam office.The seven higher officials are likely to face suspension or dismissal from service,\" said a source in the vice-chancellor's office.Alexander, along with his deputy, were held responsible after the second inquiry by the Subburaj committee found that the exam board meeting, which was to be held after the evaluation, was convened before.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13948825", "title": "Congress shows Patel power to Modi in Mehsana", "text": "Ahmedabad: It was a high political drama in Mehsana which hosted Congress' Patidar Gaurav Mahasammelan on Friday. The Patel community members turned out in large numbers to show their strength and solidarity with the party. During the rally, Congress staged a skit where they projected that chief minister Narendra Modi was only interested to help industrialists and he had no time for the common man.The mood at the meeting was jubilant with people from various places in north Gujarat coming with flags. They even beat drums and danced. Congress leaders exhorted participants at the convention to vote against Modi and teach BJP a lesson in the forthcoming elections.Former deputy chief minister Narhari Amin, who is also a Patel leader, said, \"The government claims to have several Patels as ministers in its cabinet. But the truth is these ministers are terrorized. They can't drink water without Modi's permission, leave alone taking decision for the betterment of the community .\" Without naming revenue minister Anandiben Patel, Amin said that for a small theft at the minister's residence, the entire police were running from pillar to post. But the police did not have time for the poor.Senior Congress leader Siddharth Patel said that the Patidars brought the BJP to power, but Modi sidelined them. \"People like Keshubhai Patel , Surendra Patel were sidelined,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-06-09"}
