{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17425932", "title": "Rajya Sabha to debate and vote on FDI in retail", "text": "NEW DELHI: The five-day deadlock in Rajya Sabha on the FDI issue ended on Friday after Chairman Hamid Ansari allowed a discussion on the issue under a rule that allows voting.When the House met for the day, Ansari said he has received eight notices for discussion on allowing FDI in multi-brand retail under Rule 168.He said he has admitted the motion and \"will allow discussion on the subject under Rule 168.\"\"Date and time of discussion will be decided (later),\" he said.Ravi Shankar Prasad (BJP) said he wished to convey gratitude to the Chairman for accepting a discussion under Rule 168 and promised \"full cooperation in running of the House.\"Opposition parties had paralysed Parliament for five days demanding a discussion on the issue under a rule that allows voting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17422740", "title": "Mobile phones should be used judiciously: Health experts", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17421400", "title": "Patiala women cops to ensnare snatchers", "text": "PATIALA: With incidents of snatching on the rise, Patiala police plan to use women police personnel as bait for snatchers.Patiala Zone IG has issued directions for training of women police personnel for the purpose. SSPs of Patiala zones, including Patiala, Sangrur, Barnala, Mansa, Fatehgarh Sahib and Mohali will shortlist young, good looking and physically strong girls to lure snatchers. After training, special operations will be conducted in vulnerable areas.\"Since women wearing heavy gold chains and other ornaments are main targets of snatchers, who never dare to snatch any gold ornaments from males, we have decided to start the new operation. We got good results in Patiala city and now we will implement it in all zones,\" Patiala Zone IG Parmjit Gill said.Meanwhile, police personnel are preparing a list of areas prone to snatching. After the lists are ready, patrolling will be initiated. However, this won't be the traditional patrolling by male personnel on motorcycles with hooters. Women police personnel decked up in heavy artificial jewellery will walk the streets to attract the attention of snatchers.Patrols will be timed after police personnel are done analyzing average timing of snatchings. After detailed case studies, women police personnel will walk the streets at specific times, with their male colleagues in civil dress covering them from a distance.\"We have arrested many snatchers in Patiala with the help of women police personnel. Snatchers always look for lone women wearing gold ornaments. We give them that bait. We have caught many snatchers over the last few months, Patiala SSP Gurprit Gill said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17427561", "title": "Mercedez Benz,Rolls Royce among companies to offer placements to IIT Madras students", "text": "CHENNAI: For the first time, a host of companies, including luxury car makers Mercedes Benz, Rolls Royce and Toshiba Corporation would be among the new firms to offer placements to prospective students of IIT Madras here.Nearly 100 new companies, including Procter and Gamble, Walmart, Bajaj Auto, Hindustan Coca-Cola Beverages, MRF Tyres would participate in the placement activities, scheduled to begin on Saturday, a press release from IIT Madras said.Other companies participating in the placement programme are Boston Consulting Group, Deutsche Bank, Goldman Sachs, ITC Ltd, Google India, Sony, Shell, Facebook, Morgan Stanley, Microsoft, IBM and Samsung Electronics, it said.A total of 1,263 students would participate in the first phase of placement from December 1 to 22 while the second phase would begin from January 16, 2013, the release added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422273", "title": "Gujjars to call meeting, experts warn of legal tangles", "text": "JAIPUR: The Gujjar community has adopted a wait-and-watch policy on the state government's decision to give them 5% quota, though the overall quota limit has gone up to 54%. However, legal experts including retired judges suggest that the crossing the 50% limit may not stand the scrutiny of law.Members of Gujjar Aarakshan Sangharsh Samiti, during a meeting at Hindaun on Thursday decided to convene a community gathering soon to take a final call on the issue.Legal experts, on the other hand, suggest that the government move was politically motivated and not viable. \"The state government should not have done this. The decision seems to be taken under pressure and will be struck down as soon as it is challenged in a court,\" said Justice S N Bhargava (retd), who served as chief justice of Sikkim high court.The state cabinet, which cleared the 5% quota to Gujjar community, cited the Supreme Court judgment in the Indira Sawhney case to exceed reservation in state services and educational institutions by 4% in excess of what is being termed as the upper ceiling of 50% reservation.He said that the judgment in Indira Sawhney case is not a general one so that the state government can take shelter in it.\"The test is very hard and there does not exist circumstances like in Tamil Nadu to justify the reservation to be exceeded in Rajasthan. What is important is that the 5% quota may be given but should have been within the limit prescribed. And why not allow the other backward castes to contest and compete with these specially backward classes,\" asked Justice Bhargava.Former judge of Rajasthan high court and ex-chairman of Economically Backward Classes Commission, Justice Sashi Kant Sharma agrees with Justice Bhargava. \"We cannot comment on the minute details of the decision at this stage as the government is not making the report public. However, I firmly believe that this will create class imbalance and at least 50% should have to be left for general class.\"\"The opportunity to secure a public employment is, after all, a fundamental right and looking this very fact, the upper ceiling has been fixed by the Supreme Court. No state in the country so far has been successful in justifying the excess reservation and all such efforts are stuck in legal tangles. The best way, if the government really intended to benefit some classes, would have been to keep it within the prescribed limit.\"However, Justice Shiv Kumar Sharma, retired Judge of Rajasthan high court and member of 19th Law Commission of India said that if the state government cites adequate reasons of 'extraordinary' nature as said by Supreme Court, it may be right in giving excess reservation and exceeding the upper limit criterion. \"The intention of the provision of reservation is to strike a harmony between reserved and unreserved classes on one hand and class conflict within the reserved classes on the other and the same has been done by the state government,\" he said.However, he maintained that the verdict delivered in Indira Sawhney's judgment has to be taken cautiously. \"Firstly there is no prohibition on crossing the upper limit of 50%. Then it is not for the courts to tell what are the extraordinary circumstances and reasons as this task has been expressly left open by the Supreme Court for each respective state government to justify themselves by holding a thorough inquiry about the existence of the conditions as required.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421099", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcIllegal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 parts of colonial-era hotel razed", "text": "NEW DELHI: The North Delhi Municipal Corporation demolished and then sealed some unauthorized portions in the five-star hotel, Oberoi Maidens, in Civil Lines on Thursday. The hotel had allegedly encroached upon 30,000 sq ft of public land and had constructed a hall and eight rooms on that part.\"We had sent several notices to the hotel but all of them went unheeded. The hotel authorities were also given adequate time to carry out the demolition themselves, but they failed to do so. The corporation had asked the hotel authorities to vacate the building before going ahead with the demolition,\" said Y S Mann, director, press and information, North corporation.The director, corporate communications, of the Oberoi group, Silki Sehgal, told TOI: \"We had no prior intimation of today's action by MCD. We do not know why such action was taken. We are trying to find out more details. Accordingly, we are unable to make any comment.\"The corporation deployed a 20-strong squad with four earthmovers, gas-cutters and other equipment and carried out the demolition with the help of the police.The hotel dates back to 1900 and its first floor was built around 1907, according to Intach's \"Delhi The Built Heritage: A Listing\". It has been given the grade of Architectural Value B. It has preserved its colonial charm and architecture.The corporation is not stopping just at demolition. The commissioner has ordered a probe against the officials involved in the case. \"An inquiry has been ordered against the then officials who were involved in letting this unauthorized construction take place. Action will be taken against them,\" said P K Gupta, commissioner, North corporation.Meanwhile, in the Walled City area, three rooms were demolished on the fourth floor of a property in Tilak Bazar and another three properties were demolished in Rohini Zone. The East corporation has also strengthened its demolition drive. Encroachments at five properties in Shahdara, North Zone, have been removed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17422984", "title": "Fighting for free speech: 'Law needs overhaul, not cosmetic job'", "text": "Cyber experts cautiously welcomed guidelines to regulate registration of offences under section 66-A of the Information Technology Act, saying they were at best \"cosmetic action\". The guidelines stipulate no offence under the section can be registered without prior approval of an officer below the rank of a deputy commissioner of police (in non-metros and rural areas) or rank of inspector general (in metros).The decision to introduce a layer of approval by a top police officer was taken at a meeting held by the Central Cyber Regulations Advisory committee on Wednesday. The statutory committee, said a senior lawyer in Delhi, was set up in 2000 when the Information Technology Act was originally enacted, but has rarely met.Advocate Pavan Duggal, Delhi-based cyber law expert, said the guidelines \"though welcome, are merely a reactive response. What needs to be changed is the definition of offence under section 66-A\". \"Prior approval brings checks against misuse of law,\" said another lawyer, but Duggal added \"unless the scope of the section is narrowed down, it may still be open to abuse.\"N S Nappinai, a cyber law expert said, ''The remedy is to split section 66A into three separate offences, and what amounts to \"offensive\" or \"malicious\" nature should be specifically defined.\" The section is applied in eight of every 10 cases, said experts. \"Even senior officers, whose permission will now be needed, need strong illustrative guidelines to refer to, which are absent,\" said cyber expert Vijay Mukhi.Duggal said, \"A complete review is required and it must be brought in sync with reasonable restrictions contemplated under Article 19 (freedom of speech) and not just subjective and discriminatory restrictions.\" A person calling another a \"donkey\" and mailing it to two persons can at present be booked under section 66-A if it causes \"annoyance\" to someone and sending it \"twice\" can be interpreted to be \"persistent communication.\" Under IPC's section 294, uttering 'obscene' words in a public place to the annoyance of a person attracts three months of jail, the same offence online, under section 66A gets a three-year jail term.The section was applied recently to a Pondicherry based businessperson who sent an \"offensive and annoyance-causing\" tweet against the son of Union finance minister P Chidambaram. The offender was arrested and later released on bail. As in the case when a cartoon on West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee landed its sender in jail, section 66-A is a potent tool in the hands of the powerful and police, said a Delhi lawyer.It appears to be substantially drawn from a British law, but has wider scope. \"Legislators must take lessons from extensive abuse of such provisions not only in India but also at its place of origin,\" said Nappinai. However, UK courts took a proactive stance as in the Paul Chambers vs Director of Public Prosecutions case, holding tweets about terrorizing/blowing up airports were not \"menacing\" but only jokes.\"While protagonists of those 'menacing' tweets got lucky in the UK, FB posts by two Palghar girls landed them in a spot. The new norms may prevent similar humiliation for others,\" she said.Times ViewThis is the Times View that TOI published in its November 21 edition. Nearly all our demands have been met. All that the government now needs to do is ensure the vandals don't get away with a mere slap on the wrist. And, that the girls are compensated for the mental trauma caused to them.The police and the government should hang their heads in shame for traumatising two girls for an innocuous comment, and for failing to take immediate action against the hoodlums who ransacked a hospital and manhandled patients because they didn't like the comment. The police, with great alacrity, arbitrarily applied one section of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and one section of the Information Technology Act to take the girls into custody. The IPC section was then withdrawn and another was applied. The police showed nowhere near that same enthusiasm to bring the hoodlums to book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it took public outrage and media coverage for them to finally take action.Unless it wants to condone state-sponsored harassment and let criminals decide what is acceptable and what isn't, the government must:1) Prosecute the men who ransacked the hospital to the fullest extent of the law. Too often, such anti-socials are picked up only to be released on bail in no time at all. Nothing happens to them after that. These people must be made to do at least a year's jail time as well as pay for the damage done to the hospital (we aren't even discussing loss of revenue). There are enough provisions in the law under which exemplary action can be taken \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if the government wants to.2) The girls who were made to pay Rs 15,000 each as surety must be compensated for the mental agony they were subjected to. It's difficult to place a monetary figure on the trauma they and their families went through, but we would suggest Rs 5 lakh each.3) Finally, the policemen who took such wrongful action against the girls must be made liable. At the very least, they should be suspended and their pay docked for a few months. Upholders of the law cannot be allowed to hide behind uniform while they harass innocent, law-abiding citizens with impunity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428044", "title": "Health dept's 'Ashirwad' for kids from Dec 11", "text": "ALLAHABAD: After enrolling more than 3.94 lakh schoolgoing children for the Ashirwad scheme, the district health authorities are all set to offer medical assistance to schoolgoing children from December 11.The scheme is part of the Child Health Guarantee Plan (CHGP) and children suffering from anaemia would be offered iron tablets in the preliminary phase.Nodal officer (Ashirwad) and additional CMO, Dr OP Bhaskar told TOI, \"The scheme will be launched in the district on December 11 and a total of 3,94,246 children from 2,238 primary, 926 middle and 22 high schools have been enrolled for the scheme.\"He added, \"Two medical teams headed by an MBBS doctor and an AYUSH doctor would cover more than 3,000 schools in 20 blocks of the district and check the health status of each and every child enrolled under the scheme.\"The health officials have chalked out the elaborate plan and a total of 40 medical teams would be constituted to execute the same. Dr Bhaskar informed that the state health administration had recently held a training session for nodal officers at Lucknow.Under the first phase of the scheme, schoolgoing -children aged between 6 and 16 years studying in government primary, junior and high schools would be covered from December 11 for all medical facilities. Officials said under the second phase of the scheme, children studying in government aided schools, vocational schools, labour department and social welfare department-run schools, orphanages, madarsas and juvenile homes would be covered.Dr Bhaskar pointed out that under the third phase, non-school going children would be covered. Health check up of such children aged between one and six years would be conducted with the help of aanganwari workers at aanganwari schools.Children above six years of age would be identified and covered with the help of ASHAs. Children residing at construction sites, brick kiln centers, and nomadic communities would also be covered.Officials said medical teams would be acting on the guidelines and each medical team comprises a doctor, either MBBS or AYUSH, a nursing staff and a paramedical staff. These medical teams would be conducting screening, investigation, referral and treatment of schoolgoing and non schoolgoing children.As it is believed that children aged between 2 and 16 years usually reside at their homes in rural areas, medical teams would be constituted to cover all the children in all 20 blocks of the district. The doctors have already coordinated with the school authorities in an effort to ensure the success of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422629", "title": "Tourist takes off with hired car, booked", "text": "MARGAO: The Margao police booked an offence against Biju Agustinho, a resident of Tripunthana, Kerala, on charges of fleeing with a car owned by Rajesh Bandodkar, which he had rented from him.The complaint lodged by Bandodkar, who is in the business of providing vehicles on hire, states that Agustinho approached him at his office at Aquem-Baixo, Margao, on November 13 and hired a for-wheeler for three days. Since then he has failed to return the car.Acting on the complaint, Margao police have charged Agustinho under Section 406 (criminal breach of trust) of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17422806", "title": "Poacher nabbed with 16 tiger nails", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Gadchiroli forest officers arrested a poacher and recovered 16 tiger nails from his possession at Ashti village on Wednesday evening. A team of foresters on Thursday was dispatched to remote Somnur village along Andhra Pradesh border to seize the skin of a poached tiger.RFO, Chamorshi, SM Gajarlawar, who is on training in Karnataka, got a tip-off that Tirupati Kawre, 24, was in possession of a tiger's body parts. Forest officers then sent a decoy as a customer seeking tiger nails from Kawre. He struck a deal and asked Kawre to deliver the nails at Ashti in Chamorshi tehsil on Wednesday.A team of forest men under the guidance of RFO, Ghot, TR Tamatkar was stationed at Ashti. \"No sooner Kawre got down from the ST bus, he was rounded up by the team. On searching his belongings, 16 tiger nails were recovered,\" said sources involved in the raid.Kawre hails from Somnur in Sironcha tehsil of Gadchiroli. Sources claimed that the tiger was poached around a year back in the forest along Andhra Pradesh border and poachers were in possession of its skin and nails.Confirming the raid and the subsequent arrest of the accused, RFO Tamatkar claimed Kawre was booked under relevant section of Wildlife Protection Act, 1972. \"During interrogation, Kawre gave the location of the tiger skin. A team has been dispatched on Thursday to Somnur to recover the skin,\" he said adding, \"More arrests are likely to be made in the case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17414588", "title": "Pizza Hindi remake rights sold for Rs 1.5 cr", "text": "We'd recently reported that the remake of rights of Pizza were hot in the market, with the Kannada rights being sold for Rs 35 lakh and the Telugu rights for Rs 72 lakh. The latest is that the Hindi and other North Indian language rights for the film have been snapped up by director Bejoy Nambiar, reportedly for Rs 1.5 crore. The film was made on a budget of about Rs 1.5 core and the makers are said to have spent about Rs 2 crore on its publicity.When contacted, director Bejoy Nambiar says, \"Yes, it's true that I've bought the remake rights of Pizza . I wouldn't like to go into the business details of the deal. We'll be finalizing the cast and director for the Hindi remake soon.\" Superstar Rajinikanth is said to have enjoyed the movie and called up its director, Karthik Subburaj, to congratulate him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421010", "title": "Missing property dealer held; was depressive, suicidal", "text": "LUCKNOW: The real estate agent who went missing from Khurramnagar area where his car was found abandoned on Sunday was held by police at Alambagh bus depot on Thursday afternoon. The businessman, Aniruddh Nigam, father of two, stated he was depressive and had run away to Allahabad to commit suicide away from his family. To conceal his identity, he had got himself tonsured and clean-shaven, but he stopped short of ending his life by jumping into a river because he was in possession of Rs 21.97 lakh, which he even tried to courier to his family but was declined, Nigam told police.Earlier he had tried to stab himself to death, but couldn't bear the pain so withdrew the knife from his person, said the property dealer who operates from Takhrohi area in the state capital, adding, \"Then I decided to end my life by drowning instead.\"Since he was in possession of a large amount of money so much cash, his family had suspected that he had been kidnapped from Khurramnagar by someone who knew he was carrying the cash on the intervening night of November 25 and 26, when police had recovered a blood-stained knife from his abandoned car.His phone had been put on surveillance and police traced Nigam to Allahabad on Monday but he had left the hotel by the time police reached the spot. \"He wanted to plunge into the river and drown. Nobody could have recognized him in his tonsured and clean-shaven state,\" said Taufeeq Ahmed, in-charge Indiranagar police station. The police were tipped off by an informer that Nigam had boarded a Lucknow-bound bus from Varanasi and would arrive in the city around noon on Thursday. He was caught by a police team as soon as he got off the bus.Nigam said he wanted to end his life due to prolonged depression . \"The nature of my business keeps me under stress. I was unable to cope up with the pressure and decided to commit suicide,\" said Nigam.He tried to courier the money to his family but was not able to do so as courier agencies refused to entertain his requests, said Kamlapati Yadav, police official who worked on the case. Persons close to the property dealer said Nigam owed large amounts of money to people as some deals had gone sour. \"He probably owes over Rs 50 lakh to people,\" said one of his acquaintances. Nigam, however, said in his business delay in payments was usual.The police said they were unlikely to book Nigam under any charges till late Thursday night. \"We have been told by his family members that he remained depressed. We will release him after registering statements of his family members,\" said Ahmed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422831", "title": "Alcoholic cyclerickshaw puller found murdered", "text": "NAGPUR: A man, in his mid-twenties, was found dead behind the Industrial Training Institute (ITI) at Dhantoli on Thursday morning. The victim was inflicted serious injuries on his face and head. Police later identified the victim as Dyaneshwar Kumre, alias Naneya, who was apparently murdered following a drunken brawl.Naneya, earlier slapped with preventive action, earned livelihood by driving cycle-rickshaw. He used to stay like a vagabond near Anand Talkies on Munje Road, police informed. A security guard posted at the ITI, who was first to spot the body, informed the police.Naneya and his friends used to consume liquor and gamble very frequently. Police said that there were torn cards strewn near the body which indicated that a fight over a gambling game eventually led to Naneya's murder. Big stones were found near the body which proves that the assailants killed Naneya using anything and everything that they found in the vicinity.Some Dhantoli cops suspect that Naneya's close friends were behind his murder. Senior inspector MF Shende, attached to Dhantoli police station, said that he had already got the names of the prime suspects. \"Police have launched a manhunt. The whereabouts of the suspects are being verified,\" Shende said. Two persons were apparently involved in killing Naneya, police said. \"We would come to know about the exact motive of the murder once the assailants land in our trap,\" the senior PI said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17423033", "title": "Councillor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s teenaged daughter hangs herself", "text": "LUDHIANA: A 19-year-old girl, Dhriti Bansal, daughter of a ruling party councillor, hanged herself from the fan in her room at her Bharat Nagar residence on Thursday morning. Dhriti's grandfather Balbir Bansal said was not under any pressure.A BBA student at Khalsa College in Civil Lines, Dhriti woke up early on Thursday morning and attended a \"prabhat pheri\" of the Jagannath Rath Yatra around 6.30am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425404", "title": "Special train between Bangalore and Patna", "text": "HUBLI: South Western Railway has decided to run a weekly express special train between Bangalore city-Patna-Bangalore city (train number.06513/06514) in each direction.Train number 06513 Bangalore city-Patna weekly express special will depart from Bangalore city at 10-10 hrs on December 4 and arrive at Patna at 9-50 hrs on December 6.En-route, the train will depart from Bangalore Cantonment at 10-23 hrs, Jolarpettai at 12-25 hrs, Katpadi at 13-37 hrs, Arakkonam at 14-32 hrs, Chennai Central at 16-15 hrs, Gudur at 18-45 hrs, Nellore at 19-11 hrs, Ongole at 20-34 hrs, Vijaywada junction at 23-05 hrs, Khammam at 00-25 hrs, Warangal at 01-54 hrs, Jammikunta at 02-43 hrs, Sirpur Kagaz Nagar at 04-25 hrs, Balharshah at 06-10 hrs, Chandrapur at 06-30 hrs, Sewagram at 08-16 hrs, Nagpur at 10-30 hrs, Pandhurna at 11-56 hrs, Betul at 13-31 hrs, Ghoradongri at 14-20 hrs, Itarsi at 17-30 hrs, Jabalpur at 21-50 hrs, Katni at 23-10 hrs, Satna at 00-45 hrs, Manikpur at 02-10 hrs, Chheoki at 03-42 hrs, Mirzapur at 04-47 hrs, Mughalsarai at 06-30 hrs, Buxar at 07-41 hrs, Ara at 08-43 hrs and Danapur at 09-14 hrs.In the return direction, 06514 Patna-Bangalore city weekly express will depart Patna at 20-20 hrs December 6 and arrive at Bangalore city at 21-00 hrs on December 08.En-route, the train will depart Danapur at 20-37 hrs, Ara at 21-07 hrs, Buxar at 22-02 hrs, Mughalsarai at 23-52 hrs, Mirzapur at 01-00 hrs, Chheoki at 02-12 hrs, Manikpur at 03-50 hrs, Satna at 05-45 hrs, Katni at 07-00 hrs, Jabalpur at 08-50 hrs, Itarsi at 13-15 hrs, Ghoradongri at 11-15 hrs, Betul at 15-02 hrs, Pandhurna at 16-23 hrs, Nagpur at 18-45 hrs, Sewagram at 19-58 hrs, Chandrapur at 21-50 hrs, Balharshah at 22-50 hrs, Sirpur Kagaz Nagar at 00-05 hrs, Jammikunta at 01-46 hrs, Warangal at 03-02 hrs, Khammam at 04-44 hrs, Vijayawada at 07-30 hrs, Ongole at 09-20 hrs, Nellore at 10-37 hrs, Gudur at 12-00 hrs, Chennai Central at 14-45 hrs, Arakkonam at 15-45 hrs, Katpadi at 16-50 hrs, Jolarpettai at 18-00 hrs and Bangalore Cantonment at 20-20 hrs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kuala lumpur", "code": "17420918", "title": "Lee Keun-Ho, a jewel in Asian football's crown", "text": "KUALA LUMPUR: South Korea international Lee Keun-Ho deservedly walked away with the Asian Football Confederation's 2012 Player of the Year award at a glittering ceremony on Thursday.The Most Valuable Player (MVP) of the AFC Champions League 2012 was heavily favoured to win Asian's football's top prize ahead of veteran Iranian midfield wizard Ali Karimi and Chinese national football team captain Zheng Zhi .\"This is my life's biggest prize. The nomination was a big honour for me as I was clubbed with the best footballers in Asia, but to go on and win the award is special,\" said the modest Lee whose goal-scoring exploits was at the heart of Ulsan Hyundai's triumph in the AFC Champions League early this month.Lee - the first South Korean to win the award - will turn up in Ulsan Hyundai colours for one last time next month at the FIFA Club World Cup before joining the South Korean military for compulsory services.His stature as a top-notch footballer means he would be allowed to represent Gwangju Sangmu in the K-League. Gwangju Sangmu is the sports division of the Military of South Korea.In front of the who's who of Asian football, Ulsan Hyundai were the toast of the evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "sindri", "code": "17428464", "title": "4-member SAIL team visits Sindri", "text": "Sindri: The visit of a four-member diligence-study team from the Steel Authority of India Limited (SAIL) corporate office has once again raised curiosity about the fate of the proposed industrial complex at Sindri. Although the visiting officials refused to talk to the media, it appears that the team is here to study ground realities about the land to be made available to the steel major for setting up steel, fertilizer and power plants.The SAIL team headed by former executive director Bajaj along with DGM (corporate planning) Krishna Kumar and DGM (civil) H Toppo, as per reports gathered from reliable sources, had detailed discussion with the officials of the closed Sindri fertilizer factory.Board of Industrial and Financial Restructuring (BIFR) has approved the government proposal of reviving the closed Sindri fertilizer factory by handing over the assets of the closed factory to the steel major. But the BIFR bench had expressed its reservation over the valuation of the assets and proposed 11% equity share to be given to the Fertilizer Corporation of India Limited (FCI) in lieu of nearly 5000 acres of free hold land to be transferred to SAIL and had directed authorities concerned to consider reviewing it. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurdev nagar", "code": "17423015", "title": "Etching feelings on life\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s canvas", "text": "GURDEV NAGAR: The debut exhibition by a group of eight artists at a city-based gallery showcased their emotions by the media of oil on canvas, watercolor and sculptures made of scrap metal.The exhibition, which will continue till December 5, has been put up by a group called Hyphen Art Alliance.According to group founder Tejinder Singh, \"This is our first show. Most of the works are brand new. Our group comprises different kinds of artists born and brought up across the country, though we are all settled in or around Ludhiana now. The varied origins of the artists was the inspiration for the name of the group, Cocktail Colours,\" he said. The artists include Amita Gupta, Darshan Saggu, Harminder Singh Boparai, Mandeep Kaur, Manpreet Devgan, Sandeep Sharma, Saru S and Tejinder Singh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422943", "title": "Ankush Dhanvijay a 'complete' policeman", "text": "NAGPUR: The most unique aspect about the outgoing city police chief Ankush Dhanvijay, said a senior officer, was that he was a cop from top to toe. A complete policeman, according to colleagues, was Dhanvijay. Communal harmony was his theme, policing the passion.Those close to the CP, whose three decade old career in the department is ending on Friday, said that Dhanvijay epitomized the saying that the man was architect of his own fate. Born in a farmer's family at Mokheburdi village, around 8km from Bhiwapur, Dhanvijay's journey from a bank employee to being additional director general of police showed he was no ordinary soul. The once humble 'tehsildar' of Ahmednagar transformed into a tough cop of Indian Police Service (IPS) cadre of 1982 batch.A senior officer said Dhanvijay has mostly served in executive posts that enriched him with vast knowledge. \"Tackling the Mominpura issue after the controversy around burial of Baba Mustafa was not easy as the place is considered highly sensitive. He quelled the tension with commando actions and then clamped curfew which he did not withdraw despite being flooded with criticism,\" he said. He added that Dhanvijay never buckled under pressure. \"We had overheard him convincing even the home minister until he had his way. This was the level of his conviction,\" said the officer.Another senior officer claimed Dhanvijay had a unique man management skill and ability to strike rapport that solved many of his issues as a top cop. \"The top IAS officials like commissioner of NMC, the collector and NIT chairman shared cordial relations with the top cop that most other police commissioners either ignored or failed to cultivate,\" said the senior cop.The officer, who had closely worked with Dhanvijay during detection of Monica Kirnapure murder case, admits that without the Dhanvijay taking personal interest it would not have been possible to track down the killers and brain behind them. \"Every hour he would call to know the progress. Every day he would remain in the office till late to discuss the nuances and showed how to supervise an investigation. When and wherever it required, the top cop used his baton on a criminal's back,\" said another senior official.The security arrangement for the winter session is nothing new for a Nagpur CP but Dhanvijay set such a benchmark that state home minister RR Patil personally sent a fax from Mumbai appreciating the effort. Apart from policing, city would also remember for Dhanvijay as the only CP to have organized communal harmony programmes on the occasion of prominent religious festivals of every religion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421121", "title": "Infection grips King George Medical University's cardiovascular department, over 20 surgeries suspended", "text": "LUCKNOW: Cardiac surgeries at King George's Medical University's cardiovascular and thoracic surgery (CVTS) department have been stopped following detection of bacterial and fungal infection in its operating theatres. So far, more than 20 planned surgeries have been suspended. Senior officials of the department say that the operating theatre would be ready only by the next week.This is not for the first time that infection has crept into an OT at the medical university. In February 2008, five patients who were operated upon for cataract in the OT of KGMU's ophthalmology department lost their vision on account of bacterio-fungal infection. A damp wall near the OT was seen as the cause of infection.Doctors say that about 95% surgeries undertaken by the department are planned surgeries. Patients who were slated to undergo surgery in the next five days are the worst hit. On an average, doctors at CVTS department hold two surgeries per day. This means that at least 20-25 patients would be affected. This would have a cascading effect on nearly 150 waitlisted patients. And the waiting period for a new patients reporting at the department would get longer by a month. It may be noted that the department has a three-month long waiting list. Most of the patients hail from humble backgrounds and have limited means. The delay would add to their problems both medically and financially.Infection inside the OT is a kind of hospital-borne infection - a term used to explain infection acquired by a patient during the course of treatment in a hospital or other health care facility. The duration of stay should be at least three days. \"The most common outcome of secondary infection is sepsis, which may eventually cause septicaemia in a patient. Septicaemia usually leads to multi-organ failure and death of a patient. It was on account of the extensive risk to patients' life that we decided to close to the OT,\" said Prof SN Shankhwar, chief medical superintendent, KGMU.A doctor in KGMU informed that two types of cardiac surgeries are undertaken in the CVTS department. The first one involves the use of heart lung machine, while the other doesn't. Surgeries for valve replacement (arterial blockages), congenital heart disease (such as hole in the heart) and open heart surgery, which belong to the first group, involve higher risk of infection. The reason: heart's functioning is stopped for some time and entire blood in the body is drained out. It is re-transfused into the body after being exposed to the process of oxygenation (the act of adding oxygen into molecules of the blood). The exposure of the heart and blood to the external environment increases the risk of infection.The incident came to light late on Wednesday evening, when report of air samples gathered from the operation theatre of CVTS confirmed the presence of both bacteria and fungi. Though the exact cause of infection is not known, doctors at believe that it could be due to improper functioning of a compressed air supply (CAS) system- an automated set up of several machines that convert normal air into compressed air for therapeutic purposes such as facilitating a patient on ventilator breathe. The same air is supplied to the operation theatre to run the heart lung machine, which is used for cardiac surgeries. The equipment has a dryer that eliminates moisture from air that gets filtered for various microbes inside the multi-layered system of CAS.Officials believed that somehow the dryer got dysfunctional and the drying process was stopped. Experts pointed out that the presence of moisture inside the OT made way for certain bacteria and fungi to multiply and spread. They believed that that all this would have happened about 10 days ago. But the matter caught the attention of the doctors, when a couple of patients started showing symptoms that indicated towards higher morbidity than expected after a surgery. One of the patients was immediately shifted to the intensive care unit, while the other was referred to the Sanjay Gandhi Post Graduate Institute of Medical Sciences.Thereafter, the medical university's hospital infection cell got into action and gathered samples, which confirmed the presence of both bacteria and fungi inside the OT besides suggesting its closure to initiate corrective measures. A team from the company, which has installed the modular operation theatre set up in the department, inspected the place on Thursday afternoon.Head of the team RP Chaddha said that they would be able to restore the service by next week. \"Infection in the OT is nothing unusual. It happens in the biggest of institutes including PGI Chandigarh and All India Institute of Medical Sciences, New Delhi. But one can be extremely sure of two things: firstly, infection occurs when the protocol is not followed and secondly, one can nip it,\" Chaddha told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422661", "title": "CPM accuses Congress of allowing disruption in Parliament", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CPM on Thursday accused the Congress of allowing disruption of both Houses of Parliament so that it could marshal the numbers in case of a vote on FDI in multi-brand retail. The Lok Sabha was disrupted for four days and Rajya Sabha for five consecutive days as the opposition, including the BJP and Left parties, demanded a discussion and vote on the issue.\"The government has agreed to a discussion in both Houses, but five days (in Rajya Sabha) need not have been lost,\" CPM MP Sitaram Yechury said.About two weeks ago, Left leaders had announced that they would move notices under Rule 184 in Lok Sabha and Rule 167 in Rajya Sabha that involve voting after discussion on a matter. Yechury signed the notice in Rajya Sabha and his party colleague Basudeb Acharia sent the notice in Lok Sabha seeking the two Houses reject the government's decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail.In an editorial in the latest issue of the party mouthpiece People's Democracy, CPM said Congress allowed disruption of Parliament \"to buy time in order to marshal a majority in case they are forced by the opposition to take a vote on the floor of the House\" on FDI in multi-brand retail. The Congress-led UPA government has been reduced to a minority after Trinamool Congress withdrew support.Though the government is quite sure of winning a vote on FDI in Lok Sabha, it is not so confident in Rajya Sabha. If the government wins the vote in one House but loses in the other, it can still go ahead with the decision to allow FDI in multi-brand retail as the opinion of the House is not binding on the government.Constitutional expert Subhash Kashyap said, \"There may be political embarrassment for the government depending on the language of the notice. But it would not have legal, constitutional or procedural consequences.\"Yechury though said if the government has a conscience, it would call a joint session of Parliament as happened for the Prevention of Terrorism Act (POTA), 2002. POTA was defeated in Rajya Sabha but the then NDA government won in a joint session of Parliament.The CPM also pointed out that amendments to Sections 47 and 48 of FEMA, 1999 to allow FDI in retail must be tabled in Parliament. Under the Constitution, neither the executive (government) nor the judiciary can make or amend laws.\"The sole authority for making laws, or, amending existing laws, is the Parliament. Thus, the decision to permit FDI in retail trade can only be taken by the legislature (Parliament) and the authority to do so is beyond the mandate of the executive as decreed by our Constitution,\" the CPM said in its mouthpiece.The party believes the government was forced to follow rules and amended the FEMA regulations under pressure from the Supreme Court. The CPM hoped if the due process of law was not followed, then the SC \"will surely invoke its constitutional authority of judicial review\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425960", "title": "Not off air, Arjun to see a time change?", "text": "Off late, media speculated that Star Plus's Har Yug Mein Ayega Ek Arjun might go off air to make way for the all new and much talked Nach Baliye. Though the speculations sounded relevant few days back, the latest development has brought few changes in it.Sources informs, Arjun being the only thriller based show on the channel has least chances to get pulled by the channel at least now, in fact the channel is spending a lot in its promotion. Therefore, according to the latest developments, Arjun will see a time slot shift instead of going off air and will be shifted to 9:00 PM slot.Nach Baliye on the other hand will get the slot of Arjun i.e 8:00PM on weekends from January.When contacted, Shaleen Malhotra stated, \"While essaying Arjun, I have started thinking positive and I don't think our show will undergo a time change or either will be pulled by the channel.\"Gul Khan, the producer, too commented, \"The show will definitely not go off air in fact we are introducing few more characters to it and talking about the time change then we haven't received any update on the same from the channel.\"Only time will decide Arjun's fate!!!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422354", "title": "Why is Suresh Jain still in hospital, asks Anna Hazare", "text": "PUNE: Social crusader Anna Hazare has urged additional director general of police (prison) Meeran Chadha Borwankar to conduct an inquiry as to why former state minister Suresh Jain who was arrested in the Rs 169 crore housing scam, was allowed to stay in hospitals since July 5, 2012 and not lodged in a jail.In a letter sent to Borwankar on November 26, Hazare said that Jain was arrested in the housing scam on March 11, 2012, and his bail applications were rejected by the high court and even the Supreme Court. \"Jain was brought to Arthur Road jail on November 3, 2012, only for registering his name there and he was immediately taken to St George hospital, Mumbai, where he was getting 5-star facilities,\" Hazare alleged. The Supreme Court has suggested that if Jain needed any medical assistance he should be taken to a government hospital, said Hazare in the letter.The activist said that he suspected that officials in the prison department were hand in glove with Jain. \"I am given to understand that the accused has no physical problems and his medical reports are normal but no efforts are being taken to shift him to the jail. I understand that the accused is kept in the hospital and given all facilities only to escape from being lodged in the jail,\" Hazare stated.The Gandhian has said that after his arrest in March, Jain has been in Jaslok and St George hospitals since July 5 and was taken to the Arthur Road jail only once before again shifting him to the hospital. \"What is the disease that Jain has which doctors have not been able to treat since July 5? We feel that an inquiry has to be conducted in the matter,\" he said in the letter.Hazare said that as per law, both Jaslok and St George hospitals will have CCTV cameras. \"I suggest that you procure CCTV camera recordings from July 5 till November 2 and scrutinize it. If any prison department official is found to be helping Jain, he should be punished. I also suggest that you seek medical reports from the hospital which will help you arrive at a conclusion\", he said.\"When a common man is an accused, he is treated differently but when an influential person is an accused he receives different treatment. Law should be the same for every person,\" Hazare stated.He said that he was writing the letter to Borwankar because she is known to be an honest and upright officer and he felt that he should bring the serious matter to her notice.A copy of the letter has also been sent to the Supreme Court, chief minister prithviraj Chavan, state home minister R R Patil, state chief secretary, principal secretary of state home department and principal secretary of law and judiciary department.Additional director general of police (prison) Meeran Chadha Borwankar told TOI that she has received Hazare's letter and she was looking into the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425488", "title": "YRF to produce Shekhar Kapur's 'Paani'", "text": "Acclaimed filmmaker Shekhar Kapur has finally found a producer for his long-pending, ambitious project \"Paani\" in the well-known banner Yash Raj Films. He says it is a \"perfect\" association.\"I have been preparing for this film for a long time, but always wanted an Indian partner that has the same passion for the film as I do and in Adi ( Aditya Chopra ), I have finally found that,\" Kapur said in a statement.\"It is a huge production that demands futuristic sets and large action pieces. With YRF, I have found a perfect home for Paani ,\" he added.The film is based in a future world where wars over water have broken out. Water is now owned by international corporations who use thirst as a weapon of control. In one such future city, a young love story breaks all the rules and in the ensuing war, water flows back to its people.Paani is said to have a strong Indian and western cast, headed by a young leading actor from India and a young leading actress from the west, the statement read. It was reported that Hrithik Roshan will essay the male lead. But no confirmation has been made on that front.The movie, which will go on floors mid-2013, will be shot in India and overseas. It will have music by the Oscar-winning A. R. Rahman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427294", "title": "Wills-Kat expecting first child", "text": "A baby is on the way for the Duke and Duchess of Cambridge, according to bookies.William's broody behaviour and Kate's mummy look have sent rumours spiralling upwards.Some bookies suspended betting on a royal birth next year after an increase in wagers sent the odds tumbling.The frenzy was sparked when William was given a babygrow by a wellwisher in Cambridge on Wednesday.Kate has changed to a more mature-looking fringe cut which also fuelled speculation she is getting ready for the next step.\"We saw numerous bets for a royal new arrival throughout the Jubilee summer,\" the Daily Star quoted bookmaker Coral's David Stevens as saying.\"But the betting went through the roof again this week. We cut the odds to 1-4 and then again to 1-8, at which point we decided to suspend the betting.\"If the money talks, 2013 will see a new addition to the Royal Family,\" he said.Ladbrokes have cut the odds to 1-5, while the odds on twins are 33-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17426010", "title": "India confronted with test of character at Champions Trophy", "text": "MELBOURNE: Returning to Champions Trophy hockey tournament after six years, India are confronted with a test of character as they take on England in the lung-opener on Saturday, aiming to wipe off the bitter memories of their London Olympic debacle.India's return to the Champions Trophy for the first time since 2005 comes through a wildcard invitation, and the team is well aware that their performance at the State Hockey Centre will be under scrutiny.The Champions Trophy marks the first international assignment for the Indians after the London Olympics, apart from the nine-a-side International Super Series in Perth on way to Melbourne.The Indian team's lone victory in Perth was a 5-2 triumph against Pakistan in the league encounter. But Pakistan turned the tables to prevail by an identical score-line in the bronze medal playoff that left India bottom-placed in the four-nation tournament.The wildcard status for India comes a year after the team lost a chance to play in the Champions Trophy as hosts when the International Hockey Federation (FIH) moved the event out of New Delhi to Auckland citing governance issues in Indian hockey.India's coach Michael Nobbs and captain Sardar Singh are hopeful of a decent show despite the absence of several senior players who lost their berths in the national squad in the aftermath of the bottom spot at the Olympics.Nobbs, a former Australian international, obviously wants to forget about the disastrous outing London turned out for his team. He wants his young wards to gain from the experience this Champions Trophy outing would provide them.\"We obviously had some problems with our game structure in London and that's something no one would like to remember, but we have to look ahead now,\" said Nobbs.\"The Champions Trophy provides a big opportunity for the youngsters, who will be up against the best players in the world. On our part, we need to provide them the opportunity to develop, and this is a fantastic chance to do so,\" added Nobbs.Sardar, the team's star player, is back in the captain's role and should be an inspiration for the youngsters, who have come into the side after several seasoned players were left out.Penalty corner ace Sandeep Singh and ex-captain Shivendra Singh were dropped at the team selection after the preparatory camp. Others losing out on national selection were goalkeeper Bharat Chetri, who led the team in the Olympics, and the seasoned trio of Ignace Tirkey, Tushar Khandekar and Gurbaj Singh.\"We need to produce our best hockey to be competitive here,\" said Sardar.\"To start with, the team needs to gel well. There are several youngsters who will be striving to make a mark, and they've worked hard in the training sessions,\" said Sardar, whose team had an early morning training session at the venue this morning.Sardar's deputy, VR Raghunath, will find himself in the role of the penalty corner shooter in the absence of Sandeep in the tournament where the preliminary league matches will be of little consequence in the final standings as all eight teams will move into the quarterfinals.India are placed in Pool A along with reigning Olympic champions Germany, England and New Zealand, while hosts Australia, the Netherlands, Pakistan and Belgium feature in Group B.World Cup holders Australia have won the past four editions of the Champions Trophy, Rankled by their inability to add the Olympic title to their collection, Australia are expected to come out charging to start their campaign against Belgium tomorrow.In other matches, the Netherlands will play against Pakistan and Germany will meet New Zealand in the opening round.India's pool fixtures are against England, New Zealand (December 2) and Germany (December 4).Although all four teams will get to play in the quarterfinals, a good show and some points in the three group games will boost the confidence of the Indian team. It can also earn easier quarterfinal opponents.India's lone medal in the elite Champions Trophy was a bronze they won in 1982 at Amsterdam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421097", "title": "High fare slab may pose roadblock for radio cabs", "text": "LUCKNOW: The dial and avail radio cab service is getting an encouraging response from the natives of Lucknow.While the state transport department is busy tweaking the UP Motor Vehicles Act to make the operation of radio cabs legal, a local business group in Lucknow has gone ahead to provide the radio cabs. A local automobile dealer in Lucknow launched its flash cab service on October 16. And, the group officials say the service has already received tremendous response from people in Lucknow.\"We are yet to launch the service officially, as right now we do not have the required number of cabs,\" said Shashank Kumar Agarwal, CEO and director of a hospitality group linked. But, once the fleet gets supplemented with the needed number of cabs, which the officials say would be done by the first week of December, the service would be officially launched.People can call a cab by dialling (7800501501) or make an online booking (www.flashcabs.com). \"There is nothing like a minimum or a maximum distance for which the cab would be available,\" said Agarwal. People can book the cab for inter-district and inter-state travel, as well as for travelling within the city limits. The service is backed by a 24x7 customer care support, GPS navigation, emergency alert switch and pay by cash/card option.However, what might dissuade people from using the service is the fare structure. The cab would charge different fare for the day and for night-time travel. The day-time charges, from 7.00 a.m. to 10.00 p.m., would be Rs 150 upto 7 kilometres and Rs 16 per kilometre after that. The night-time charges, from 10.00 p.m. to 7.00 a.m. would be Rs 200 upto 7 kilometres and Rs 22 every subsequent kilometre.The transport department, which is yet to formulate rules for operation of radio taxis in the state, said it is illegal, if the operators are charging such a high amount as fare from the people.\"Radio taxi is a special taxi service. It charges a high fare, but then it has to be governed by rules,\" said Alok Kumar, transport commissioner, UP.Though there is nothing illegal with the operators seeking a normal taxi permit and running radio taxis, but the fare can be fixed without the consent from the government.\"If the operators are charging such a high amount, we promise to look into it and take necessary action,\" said the transport commissioner. It is for setting a different fare-structure for the radio taxis that the department is working to amend the UP Motor Vehicles Act. The legal provision would assure government control over the operation of radio taxis and will check public fleecing.It will also attract more operators into the business, which will increase competition and keep cost under check. UP transport department has begun efforts to amend the UP Motor Vehicles Act to make room for the radio taxis to operate as per law. The city has been waiting for the radio taxis since long.The regional transport office has also received random proposal from entrepreneurs in the past to be allowed to run the GPS-enabled taxis. However, it was the lack of official policy to run radio taxis in the city as a mode of transport, which kept the department away from introducing the service in the state capital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "17422918", "title": "Naxals set three vehicles ablaze", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Unidentified Naxalites burned three vehicles deployed on road construction site near Watra village in Aheri tehsil of Gadchiroli early on Thursday.Sources claimed that a JCB machine, a tractor and a vibrator-mounted vehicle was torched by the rebels. Group of Naxalites came during early morning hours to the site and threatened the labourer stationed there. They later took out fuel from the vehicles and set those ablaze.In its complaint, the construction company has claimed a loss of Rs 30 lakh in the arson.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17425868", "title": "Migrant workers from Kerala being exploited: Ela Bhatt", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Social activist Ela Bhatt has said that the domestic workers who migrated from Kerala are exploited very badly in other Indian states and it is the need of the hour that they are given adequate support. Bhatt was in the city to take part in the Pazhassi Raja commemoration organized by Pazhassi Raja Trust.\"Many women who leave Kerala to work as home nurses in cities like Bhopal, Indore and Delhi have been working as house maids for years and are treated badly. Even though they call themselves as home nurses, they are treated worse than housemaids,\" Bhatt, the founder of Self Employed Women's Association of India (SEWA) told TOI.She said that the language barrier creates communication problems with their employers. \"We have been working to support them and have been fighting for their rights.\"SEWA has been focusing on uplifting domestic workers in India, especially in Kerala. \"Our organization helps the women at grassroots level to realize their otherwise unfulfilled dreams. The government has yet to take any proactive action against problems faced by the self employed women. I believe that they should achieve economic freedom which would automatically empower them,\" she said.Bhatt said that SEWA was holding discussions with major bankers in the state to provide financial support to such self employed women.She also expressed her concern over the recent controversy surrounding Kudumbasree mission. Bhatt hoped that the government would lend its full support to Kudumbasree in the coming years. \"Kudumbasree is a fantastic project. Statistics have been proving it for years. The workers have shown the way to women empowerment and stamped their achievement in various sectors like health, education and also in governance.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17427976", "title": "Sangam city has a 'low decibel' Diwali", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With the denizens of the Sangam city opting for fancy displays of multi-colours in the night sky rather then noisy crackers, the city recorded a far lower level of noise pollution on Diwali this year. As the denizens in various highly populated areas of the city refrained from bursting noisy crackers, the Uttar Pradesh Pollution Control Board recorded a remarkable decrease in the level of noise pollution as well as emission of harmful gases as compared to previous years.Regional officer of the UP Pollution Control Board Mohammad Sikander said, \"We had categorized the city under three categories: Sensitive, residential and commercial. High Court, Ashoke Nagar and Laxmi Crossing respectively fall under these categories. At these places we check ambient air monitoring (shown in percolated matter in suspended air) and sound level (shown in decibel). The data were collected on two days of Diwali. The percolated matter at Ashoke Nagar was 313, which was 478 decibels last year. Likewise, at Laxmi Crossing, it was 443 whereas at last Diwali it was 494. However, at High Court, the percolated mass was comparatively higher at 122 as compared to last year's 113 on November 13.\"The level of percolated matter at Rambagh and Alopibagh was 351 whereas at Johnstonganj it was 384, said the official.\"The department has reaped fruitful results after carrying out a series of educational and awareness camps across the city. The decrease in the level of decibel status revealed that people have followed the norms, giving respite to agencies concerned\" said Singh. Undoubtedly, the decline in amount of sulphurous smog has also given respite to morning joggers and asthma patients as excessive sulphur in the atmosphere cause discomfort to them, added the official.\"Allahabad is fast shunning noisy crackers on the lines of Delhi and other metropolitan cities,\" said Singh. Confirming the trend, even senior cops claimed that this year the city witnessed less noisy crackers as compared to last year. The citizens have enjoyed the lighting this Diwali, setting an example of following noise limits.A senior health official told TOI that \"this was definitely less noisy Diwali. The denizens should be congratulated for their endeavour as they realised the factors responsible behind the increasing noise pollution\".In 2005, the SC had ordered that no firecrackers could be used after 10 pm. In city, people were seen enjoying crackers between 6 pm to 10 pm, said the district police.\"Also, as fancy fire crackers emit a lot of smoke both on the surface and in the sky, they kill a large number of insects, larva and pupa thereby giving respite to the common man,\" said a senior faculty member at the department of Zoology at Allahabad University, Prof U C Srivastava.Bursting fancy crackers do pollute environment but on a far less level and that too in the upper sky. As compared to this, bursting cracker bombs not only causes noise pollution but the smoke emitted by the bombs, especially those producing loud ban, contains potash and sulphur which is quite harmful, said a local cracker seller Mohammad Qadir. Fancy crackers on the other hand contain copper, zinc and PBC power which emit colours and the smoke is less harmful, he added.Qadir said that earlier people were more passionate about noisy crackers but now chatais, rockets, anars and charkhis are in. \"For the past couple of months, the crackers, both being manufactured in India or the ones coming from China with soothing music and vibrant colours have become popular,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17422601", "title": "Bus fatally knocks down engineer at Curti", "text": "PONDA: A speeding bus fatally knocked down a junior engineer, Kedar Gopal Gaude, 25, at Kelbai-Curti in Ponda taluka at around 8.30pm on Thursday. Gaude was returning home on his motorcycle while the bus was proceeding towards Ponda. Gaude, a resident of Vangal-Keri in Ponda taluka, was married about three years ago and is survived by his wife and one-and-half years old son. Police arrested bus driver Deepesh Sharma, a resident of Ponda, and were in the process of registering an offence against him. The body has been preserved in the mortuary at the Goa medical college and hospital, Bambolim, for an autopsy on Friday.German conned in fake jewellery racket: A German woman has lodged a complaint with police that she was cheated by four persons of Rs 34 lakh. Katharina Dickel told Panaji police that prior to October 23 this year, Amar Singh, Shahid Hussain and two others, posing as businessmen in diamond jewellery, struck up friendship with her in Anjuna. She said they coaxed her to get into the jewelry business which she did by executing a business contract. Accordingly, a consignment of diamond jewellery was dispatched by them to Sydney, Australia, for which she paid by credit card. Dickel said she later realized that the jewellery was fake.Scooter stolen near Osia complex: Unknown culprits stole a scooter parked near the Osia complex, Margao. The complaint lodged by Antonio Menino Fernandes of Colva, with the Margao police, stated that he parked the scooter near the Osia complex on November 22 between 3.50pm and 7pm. When he came back at around 7pm, he found his scooter missing. As all his attempts to trace the two-wheeler proved futile, Fernandes lodged a complaint with the police. Margao police booked an offence against unknown accused and further investigations are underway.Power shutdownDona Paula (Nov 30): Between 9am and 2.30pm. Areas to be affected are La-Citadel colony, Chowgule colony, Models Splendour, Raviraj colony, Goa Highridge, Nagali Hills, Cidade Haven, Oitiyant, Eden Woods complex and vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17422545", "title": "PIL petitioner moves from laws of physics to cyber laws", "text": "Shreya Singhal graduated in physics with astrophysics from University of Bristol in July but on coming back to India, found the strong maternal link to the legal profession irresistible. Her mother Manali Singhal is a lawyer and her famous grandparents are Justice Sunanda Bhandare and Murli Bhandare, who after a distinguished career as a senior advocate, is now the governor of Odisha.An avid user of Facebook and Twitter, the 21-year-old found absolutely no difference in the approach of her friends towards the social networking sites either in the UK or in India. \"It is a great way to keep in touch with friends across countries, share a joke, views and even comment on global events,\" she said.But the arrest of two girls in Palghar came as a rude shock. She decided to leave aside her favourite pastimes - swimming, pottery and drawing - to consult her mother and senior advocates for moving the Supreme Court. She wanted to draw the Supreme Court's attention to the police excesses using Section 66A of Information Technology Act, 2000, and to protect crores of social networking site users in India from future harassment.As a student of Delhi's Vasant Valley School, she had tracked the Yamuna river from its origin at Yamunotri right up to Delhi in a 12-day journey. Was it for fun? \"First, it was for adventure. But it gave me an insight into how the river is a lifeline to various communities who live along the banks. I saw first-hand the degradation and pollution caused to the river by unplanned urbanization and dumping of untreated effluent into it,\" she said. She would not talk much as she has a law entrance examination in two days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422875", "title": "Activist moves high court for probe into Vasantrao Naik slum murder", "text": "NAGPUR: A social activist has approached the judiciary seeking a high-level enquiry into failure of the police to curb the terror of Bombay high court, Mohan Karemore Sheikh Akram alias Bhurya's gang, which resulted in Vasantrao Naik slum dwellers lynching one of them on Amravati Road recently.In a PIL listed before the Nagpur bench of Bombay high court, Mohan Karemore has sought an enquiry into the nexus between the police and a notorious gang and also action taken against them. According to him, the police had failed to act against Bhurya's gang even after repeated complaints from the slum dwellers.The petitioner contended that Vasantrao Naik slums, beside hockey association ground, was unauthorized and had illegally come up on land meant for a football ground. Due to police negligence, Bhurya was operating a gang involved in illegal activities such as liquor supply, gambling, rape, extortion and terrorizing residents of the locality. Though the home ministry had given an assurance, Karemore has sought court's direction to the government to take action against the guilty police officers and also book Bhurya and his accomplices under the Mcoca.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422851", "title": "Family robbed at gunpoint", "text": "NAGPUR: The Verma family of Narendra Nagar was left stunned after three masked miscreants, armed with pistols, barged into their room on Wednesday night demanding the valuables. The armed robbers decamped with valuables worth around Rs 2.61 lakh.Sachin Verma, working at a private hotel, was with his father Premnarayan when the incident took place. The robbers held a pistol near Sachin's temple before urging him to part with the valuables. While Sachin was at home with his paralytic father, the rest of the family had gone to a relative's place in the vicinity.The miscreants forced Sachin to give the almirah keys before making good with seven tolas of gold, laptop, handycam and Rs 15,000 cash. The family was lucky as the miscreants could not find rest of the valuables. Ajni police has registered an offence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17421376", "title": "Councillor's daughter hangs herself, kin say she wasn't under pressure", "text": "LUDHIANA: The 19-year-old daughter of a ruling party councillor hanged herself in her residence on Thursday. Shocked family members of the deceased, Dhriti Bansal, said she was not under any pressure. The BBA student at local college is said to have attended the \"prabhat feri\" of the Jagannath Rath Yatra around 6.30am.\"Then she went to rest in her room on the first floor of the house. She came down after a while to ask her mother Renu Bansal, a BJP councillor, to make 'paranthas' for her,\" her grandfather Balbir Bansal said, adding that her mother found her hanging by the ceiling fan when she went to her room to call her for breakfast. \"A doctor was called, but he informed the family that she died about 15 minutes ago,\" Balbir said.Dhriti was cremated after a postmortem at the civil hospital. No suicide note has been found and as of now, no one knows what could have driven her to suicide. Police initiated action under section 174 of the criminal procedure code and handed over the body to the family after autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17426796", "title": "Decision on raising cap on subsidised LPG cylinders in next few days: Moily", "text": "NEW DELHI: Government is considering raising cap on supply of subsidised LPG cylinders and a decision will be taken in the \"next few days\", petroleum and natural gas minister M Veerappa Moily said in the Lok Sabha on Friday.\"We are considering it (giving more than six subsidised cylinders) and need a few days time,\" he said during Question Hour.\"We are applying our mind on this issue,\" he said after opposition members cornered the government on the LPG cap and demanded that the decision be rolled back as it affected the common man who is already burdened by price rise.Moily said he will discuss with the finance minister and the Prime Minister as to what the government could do.He said the government knew the hardships faced by women and it has received several representations from the people and MPs on it.His response came on a supplementary raised by leader of the opposition Sushma Swaraj who said this was for the first time that a government has rationed LPG cylinders to only six per family per year. Families which need more than six cylinders will have to shell out Rs 900 per bottle, he said.\"This is such an inappropriate decision. The government has taken this decision even as prices are skyrocketing. Will you take back this decision and stop rationing cylinders?\" she asked.Moily said over Rs 1,64,000 crore subsidy is being paid by the government at present. \"We do not have a surplus of LPG. 75 per cent of the world's LPG is consumed by India. In other countries both electricity and gas is used,\" he said.This did not satisfy the BJP members who were on their feet to press for their demand for rolling back the cap. They shouted \"Remove the LPG cap\", \"Stop LPG politics\", while TMC members walked into the Well and demanded that the subsidy be increased.Moily said even after the capping of LPG cylinders the subsidy burden on it is Rs 36,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ponda", "code": "17422619", "title": "Bethora house burgled", "text": "PONDA: In a daylight break-in, unknown thieves robbed valuables worth 1.10 lakh from a house at Bethora on Wednesday. The valuables included gold ornaments worth 90,000 and 20,000 in cash.Ponda police said that although the sniffer dogs and fingerprint experts could not trace any clues, they suspect that the house could have been burgled by people well-acquainted with it.The complainant, Rama Kanta Satarkar, and his sister live in the house. The theft took place when they were at work at the Bethora industrial estate and the house was empty. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426246", "title": "Stars at Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta song shoot", "text": "The promotional song of 'Prem Mhanje Prem Mhanje Prem Asta' was shot at Mehmood Studio, Madh Island, Mumbai. The film is made by Amol Productions presentation and it is the debut directorial film of Mrinal Kulkarni. The song is picturised on Mrinal Kulkarni, Sunil Barve, Sachin Khedekar and Pallavi Joshi and is choreographed by Viththal.Milind Ingale composed the music for the song penned by Shrirang Godbole. The song was sung by all the four actors.Producer Sachin Parekar, presenter Bhupat Bodar and Kaushal Pravin Thakkar is co-producer. Manisha Korde has written the screenplay and dialogues. Music is given by father-son duo Milind Ingale and Surel Ingale, lyrics penned by Saumitra.Source: gomolo.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421210", "title": "Pimp arrested for stealing bikes", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man who stole vehicles in order to ensure that call girls operating in the city at night can travel \"without hassles\" has been arrested. The accused has been identified as Naresh Kumar alias Radhey Radhey who along with his associates Yogesh Khanna, Rizwaan and Irfaan and others supplied call girls in the trans-Yamuna area.\"They frequently changed the number plates of the bikes. They used to park the stolen bikes at a secluded parking area after finishing their jobs. Crime branch has been able to recover seven stolen motorcycles,\" said addl DCP (crime) Bhism Singh. The crime branch team had laid a trap near Laxmi Nagar Metro station and the accused was nabbed with a stolen Pulsar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422600", "title": "Mobile phones should be used judiciously: Health experts", "text": "JAIPUR: The risk of radiation posed by cell phones can be reduced if it is used judiciously, say health experts. Most doctors are of the opinion that people should use landline as much as possible. Whenever the landlines are not available, mobile phones can be used for communication but not for long durations.Sawai Man Singh (SMS) medical college and hospital radiation physics department senior doctor Arun Chogle said, \"Mobile phones can be used for communication but not for gossiping. It should not be used for more than 20 minutes at a stretch. The mobile phones should be used judiciously.\" He said that if it is necessary to use mobile phones when landline is not available, the better option to reduce risk of radiation is to use Bluetooth. People should ensure that they are using mobile phones not keeping it close to their ear. Headphones are another option they could opt for.Some experts suggested that there are options to forward calls from mobile to landlines. \"If you are at home, you can forward your calls to your landline numbers at home. It is better to get used to forwarding calls from mobile to office or residential landlines if you want to reduce the risk of mobile radiations,\" a radiologist said.Moreover, the experts say that one should buy a mobile handset whose specific absorption rate (SAR) is not more than 1.6 W/kg.SMS hospital senior radiologist Dr RC Yadav said, \"Since, there are no long term studies conducted on mobile phones, it is difficult to say that mobiles are completely safe. So, in that case, it is better to use mobile phones judiciously.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422932", "title": "State to start another Right To Education Act campaign", "text": "NAGPUR: The renewed campaign for effective implementation of Right To Education Act (RTE) kicks of in city this weekend. State school education secretary JS Saharia will address a gathering of principals from well-known schools and call for a strict implementation of government rules regarding RTE.Mahesh Karajgaonkar, deputy director of education, said, \"On Saturday we are expecting over 300 principals from different boards at the seminar. Our department head (Saharia) will be talking to them about RTE implementation to ensure that the next academic session there are no issues.\"Nagpur had been at the forefront for RTE implementation in state and officials are hoping that better numbers from the region may boost the overall state figures.Already education officials have started briefing local government representatives about RTE and its implementation procedure. Someshwar Netam, RTE in charge for Nagpur district, said, \"On Thursday we met zilla parishad members and briefed them about RTE. On Friday we are conducting a special session for city corporators so that they are in a better position to help their constituents.\" Our department is also providing printed material with all the relevant details so that the attendees can use them as reference later.\"The deadline for RTE implementation in the state is March 31 next year. , hence the education department is stepping into an overdrive mode to ensure that lack of information does not hinder progress.Sources in the education department said that more such seminars will be held in the next few months so that everyone is prepared beforehand for the next session.The city became a 'model' for RTE implementation in state since earlier this year all major CBSE affiliated schools here decided to reopen admissions for 25% free quota. In the other cities the education department faced failure in trying to get schools on board for the free 25% admission quota.The Nagpur seminar comes just 10 days before the winter assembly session gets underway here. TOI had reported last week that over a thousand admissions have been completed under RTE in Nagpur. The first RTE admission in the state also happened at Nagpur with a driver's kid getting admission at South Point School.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422866", "title": "Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation fails to meet high court deadline to file reply in irrigation scam", "text": "NAGPUR: A lot of dust has been raised on the massive irrigation scam in Vidarbha resulting into NCP leader Ajit Pawar quitting from the post of deputy chief minister. The Maharashtra government is slated to file a white paper on the irrigation scam during the forthcoming winter session of state legislature in Nagpur slated to commence from December 10. However, Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC), which is in the centre of the controversy and facing serious allegations, refuses to mend its ways. It is yet to file a reply on Jan Manch's petition filed before the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court even after six weeks, the period VIDC itself sought from the court during the last hearing on October 5.VIDC counsel Sanjay Jagtap confirmed to TOI that VIDC was yet to file the reply. He, however, refused to divulge as to when the Corporation will complete the formalities. NGO Jan Manch had demanded a judicial probe or CBI inquiry into the affairs. Jan Manch had pointed out that the cost of 38 irrigation projects, falling under VIDC, had rose dramatically from Rs6,672 crore to Rs26,722 crore, a whopping Rs20,000 crore rise. Of these 38 projects, 30 got approval in just four days and their cost was revised later, the NGO alleged. During the first hearing on September 7, the court had granted three weeks to VIDC and other respondents to file a reply after serving them show cause notices.Insisting that VIDC's reply was must for the progress of the case, counsel for the petitioner Anil Kilor said, \"We have to prepare and plead our arguments based on that. Therefore, we are eagerly awaiting it.\"VIDC was in the eye of the storm ever since the plea was filed. According to petitioner, VIDC officials siphoned crores of rupees under the pretext of revised cost of dams. After receiving many complaints, the government then constituted a panel under retired principal secretary Nandkumar Vadnare.Vadnare's report pertains to Gosikhurd dam which the petitioner termed as most ambitious project of the state having potential to irrigate over 2.50 lakh hectare. The panel found that rates were arbitrarily increased in 90 major tenders related to the project. Most cases VIDC officials illegally awarded tenders at 15% to 40% above the estimate, NGO added. It had also noted about poor quality of concrete lining through the entire left bank main canal, which requires re-laying once again.The Maharashtra government had already started inquiry against 45 VIDC officials and transferred former VIDC executive director Devendra Shirke.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421031", "title": "Push for Headley extradition; sentencing on Jan 17", "text": "NEW DELHI: Even as a US court fixed the date for sentencing of American LeT operative David Coleman Headley and his accomplice Tahawwur Hussain Rana \u00e2\u20ac\u201d both chargesheeted in the 26/11 case being investigated by the NIA \u00e2\u20ac\u201d India will continue to push Washington for extradition of the duo to face trial here.India had made a formal request to the US authorities on October 18 for extraditing Headley, accused of surveying the 26/11 targets, and Rana, charged with providing him material support for his reconnaissance trips to India.Sources said New Delhi will mount pressure on the Americans for a response to its extradition requests before their sentencing in January, 2013.US under secretary for political affairs Wendy Sherman said on Monday that India's request for extradition of Headley was under consideration and a decision could be taken soon. Incidentally, the plea bargain deal struck between the US federal authorities and Headley insulate him from trial and extradition to another country.The US authorities had earlier granted India access to Headley, a Pakistani-American, arrested by the FBI in 2009. An NIA team subsequently questioned Headley in Chicago , gathering many crucial details of the 26/11 conspiracy as well as future terror plots of the Lashker-e-Taiba. However, Headley's deposition, however, has no evidential value as he had agreed to questioning by the NIA team on the condition that his statement will not be used against him.The US is yet to give India access to Rana. Incidentally, the prospects of this happening are dim as Rana has already been acquitted by the US courts of terror charges relating to India.New Delhi's requests for access to Headley's wife Shazia Gilani, his girlfriend Portia Peter and another female friend are also yet to be acceded by Washington. Similarly, Washington has shown no inclination so far of sharing the details of Headley's bank accounts in the US and transactions made through his American Express credit card.Sources said talks are being planned between the MHA and the US Department of Justice to discuss a series of issues, including Headley and Rana's extradition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17423623", "title": "Uninor hopes to break even next year", "text": "NEW DELHI: Telecom company Uninor on Thursday said it is expected to achieve a financial break-even of its mobile operations in India next year. The company announced its first break even in the country in East Uttar Pradesh on Thursday.\"We expect to break even in 2013... we've had a bumpy ride but we are very satisfied with our performance now,\" Telenor Group president and CEO Jon-Fredrik Baksaas said.Telenor, which secured fresh spectrum in six circles recently, serves 30 million subscribers. The company has been working on the renewal of its operations since the Supreme Court cancelled its licenses earlier this year. With India being an important market, the company is planning for a long term strategy here, a company official said, \"It is better to stay profitable in concentrated geography than extend business in a bigger geography . The focus is on the six circles now. Whatever kind of new movement will take place in telecom space, we will have to take a look,\" Baksaas said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17428196", "title": "Protest petition in embezzlement case against ex-SP general secy Amar Singh", "text": "KANPUR: Complainant Shivakant Tripathi filed protest petition and objections against the final report submitted by the investigation officer in a case of embezzlement against former SP general secretary and Rajya Sabha member Amar Singh and others on Thursday. In his six-page petition, Tripathi countered investigation officer Pavitra Mohan Tripathi's final report and submitted documents as annexure in which there were reports against former Samajwadi Party leader Amar Singh. District judge OP Verma fixed December 14 as the next date of hearing. The circle officer of Babupurwa had submitted a closure report before the district judge on November 1. The case was lodged on complaint of Shivakant Tripathi and he had charged that Amar Singh had misused his office during his stint as chairman of Uttar Pradesh Development Council. He was allegedly involved in a scam of Rs 500 crore. Large-scale money laundering was alleged by floating 55 companies and later merging them. The case lodged by Babupurwa police on October 15, included charges under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act and Prevention of Corruption Act. In the beginning, the UP Police had shifted the burden on Kolkata Police, stating that many of the companies mentioned in it were having reregistered office there. But the plea was rejected by the Kolkata police on the ground that the allegations mentioned in the case originated in UP. After that, Babupuwa police was directed to investigate. The BSP government then directed the economic offences wing to investigate the case. Amar Singh had filed a petition in Allahabad High Court recently and sought direction to quash proceedings against him .He claimed that since enforcement directorate had found allegations against him as baseless all proceedings should be quashed. The high court, on October 12 last, had rejected his plea and directed for a probe by a state agency. The Samajwadi Party, in compliance of court order, directed the EOW to transfer the case to Babupurwa police on October 28, 2012. Five days after that, Pavitra Mohan Tripathi, circle officer Babupurwa submitted the closure report in the court on November 1. The CO had mentioned in his report that there was no evidence against the alleged accused, hence the case was being closed and a final report is being submitted in the court for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428176", "title": "'India's strength lies in communal harmony'", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Communal Harmony Week organised by the Rajashri Tandon Degree College, a constituent college of Allahabad University, concluded on Thursday. The valedictory function was held at the college under the aegis of National Services Scheme (NSS).The programme began with a Saraswati Vvandana sung by Shalini Tripathi, Jyotsana and Jyoti Kesarwani. The chief guest at the valedictory function was Prof Uma Kant Yadav. Meena Rani Agarwal welcomed the guests and presented the report.Corporator Vidya Dwivedi and Om Prakash Dwivedi graced the occasion. The cultural programme prepared by Namita Yadav began with a patriotic song based on communal harmony 'Jab jab dharti paap se dole'. The poem, adjudged best in the poetry reading competition, was recited by Jyotsana Agarwal. Jyoti Kesarwani of BA II delivered a speech on life and works of former PM Indira Gandhi and Vandana Dubey BA-III presented her views on communal harmony.The national integration song was presented by Richa, Shalini Tripathi, Shalini Azad, Jyoti Kesarwani, Priya Srimali and Shikha Pandey. The chief guest said, \"Our country got independence in 1947 from the British rule but a great price had to be paid for it. The division of the country divided the hearts of the people and disharmony spread across the entire county. This did not end there but has kept reoccurring. Indira Gandhi laid her life for the cause and we have to spread the message of harmony peace and brotherhood among people.\"College principal said the strength of our country lies in the harmony and as such the youth should spread the message of peace and harmony and all their actions should focus on it. The issues of vital importance like the Kashmir problem can be solved if communal harmony is spread. Om Prakash Dwivedi said India has immense potential and women as a force have to step ahead to steer the nation. The first teacher of every man is woman and the love peace and harmony can be best taught to the child to mould him into a perfect citizen, he added.Among the winners of various competitions organised during the week included Tanya Bharadwaj securing first position and Sitara coming second in speech competition. In slogan competition, Anita Azad came first, Anshika Agrahari second, Archana Seth coming third and Shalini Azad got the consolation prize. In collage event, Anita Azad came first and Archana Seth second. In the poster, Anita Azad stood first, Anshika Agrahari second while in essay Anita Azad came first.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17423112", "title": "Homework not the key to scoring better grades", "text": "LONDON: Homework, a waste of time? According to a new study, more homework assignments do not translate into better grades.Researchers looked at transcripts and data of more than 18,000 tenth grade students, in a study carried out to find what difference extra study at home makes. They found homework doesn't necessarily help children to get more grades, but may help them achieve better standardized test scores, the 'Daily Mail' reported.The findings by researchers from the University of Virginia in Charlottesville, US, show more homework assignments didn't translate into better grades. \"The more time students spend on homework, it's not clear that they are getting better grades or better test scores,\" co-author of the study Robert Tai, said.\"What we are concerned with is that homework is just being assigned rather than being used to integrate what's going on in the classroom. The study isn't suggesting all homework is bad, especially when it comes to maths. \"When it comes to math, what we found is that there is a bit of a sweet spot,\" Tai said. Tai said that students who spend about a half an hour on maths homework reported that their grades and test scores were actually better.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17426128", "title": "State\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s first drug testing lab in Tvm", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: In a bid to ensure quality medicines to patients, the Kerala Medical Services Corporation Limited (KMSCL) has decided to set up an advanced drug-testing laboratory.Besides drugs, the laboratory would also test cosmetics, condiments and food items. Initially, the laboratory would test all classes of drugs (excluding vaccines), including sutures and ligatures, insulin, gloves and medical devices notified as drugs.The testing would be conducted according to official standards applicable to good laboratory practices, a KMSCL official said.Kerala has been depended on the private laboratories outside the state for testing drugs procured and supplied by the KMSCL. Random checks of drug quality, after they were supplied, were also conducted by these labs. The procedure has been time consuming, and there were concerns of drug manufacturers influencing these labs.These concerns could be avoided once KMSCL sets up its own lab. \"There were complaints that drug manufacturers often cheat the health department by sending finest products as samples for testing and later supply inferior products,'' the official said.The proposed laboratory building would come up at the KMSCL headquarters. It would have 5,000 sq feet in five levels. The KMSCL has now invited expression of interest from firms with more than five years' experience and a turnover of Rs 20 crore to implement this project. A consultant would be appointed to oversee the rollout.The firms would be shortlisted based on the technology, experience and expertise. The technical committee of the corporation would be finalizing the consulting agency.The corporation has a set a time frame for the completion of the project. The project report will be completed by January end and the construction will begin by April 2013. It is expected to complete the work within one year, which will include the procurement of the equipment. For the project the corporation has set a total project outlay of Rs 25 crore. As and when the project gets completed, the technical experts required for drug testing will be recruited by the corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421009", "title": "CAG punches holes in MoD\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s offsets policy", "text": "NEW DELHI: India will remain among the world's largest arms importers for the foreseeable future. With DRDO, defence PSUs and ordnance factories flopping to get their act together, the CAG has now punched holes even in the implementation of the much-touted defence offsets policy.The audit watchdog also slammed DRDO, often in the dock for huge time and cost overruns in crucial defence projects, for lacking \"transparency and objectivity'', undertaking \"unfruitful investments'' and committing \"irregularities'' in getting sanctions for new programmes.It was in July 2005 that the defence ministry came out with the new offsets policy to develop the indigenous defence industrial base (DIB). Under it, any foreign armament company bagging an arms deal over Rs 300 crore had to plough back at least 30% of the contract value back into India as offsets.With India inking a flurry of defence deals, it has already attracted over $4.27 billion through defence \"offsets'' since 2007. The figure will zoom upwards with several mega defence deals in the pipeline. The around $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to acquire 126 fighters, for instance, specifies a 50% offset obligation on the foreign vendor.But the latest CAG report tabled in Parliament on Thursday, after examining 16 offset contracts worth Rs 18,445 crore, said the policy was floundering to strengthen self-reliance in defence preparedness.For one, the policy is ambiguous, with the audit watchdog also questioning waivers given to foreign arms companies from fulfilling their offset obligations. For another, the overall monitoring mechanism for directing offset activity towards desired objectives remains \"ineffective'' and \"only a paper exercise''.\"MoD needs to ensure clarity in the offset provisions so as to leave little room for ambiguity in their interpretation. The monitoring mechanism also needs to be reviewed to ensure effective implementation,'' the CAG report said.India still imports 70% of its military requirements. After several complaints last year that India's fledgling DIB was incapable of absorbing the huge offsets, MoD was forced to liberalize the offsets policy to include investments in the country's civil aerospace, homeland security and training sectors as well.MoD, however, has dragged its feet in implementing recommendations, first submitted by the Rama Rao Committee in 2008, to overhaul DRDO and its network of over 50 labs to ensure that cutting-edge weapon systems can be delivered in time to armed forces.The CAG report also pointed out that DRDO was splitting sanctions for its projects to avoid seeking approvals from the requisite financial authorities. \"The audit findings underscore that efforts of MoD to bring in transparency and objectivity in the functioning of its departments remain unachieved as of now,'' CAG said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17427282", "title": "MP transporters website launched", "text": "BHOPAL: Governor of Madhya Pradesh Ram Naresh Yadav launched the Website of Transporters of MP, www.mptransporters.com on Thursday. This website is aimed at solving their grievances and will work for the betterment of the transporters in the state.Prantiya Transporters Welfare Association's state president Vijay Kalra, secretary Kamal Panjwani, treasurer Harish Dawar and S Vijay Kumar , media advisor, PTWA was also present on the occasion of the launch.Ram Naresh Yadav congratulated the Prantiya Transporters Welfare Association's members for the launch of this website. He said, \"This is a very good initiative towards the improvement of the transport services in the state. We will try the best from our end so that it be befits them.\"He also extended his warm wishes to the Madhya Pradesh transporters on the occasion.Vijay Kalra, state president, Prantiya Transporters Welfare Association, said, \"Through this website all the problems of the transporters will be online now. This will ease the lives of the transporters in the state. We have also submitted a memorandum to the governor demanding action against the problem faced by transporters. We are expecting a quick act from the state government on those matters.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425100", "title": "AN Mishra\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s daughter\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s wedding in Lucknow", "text": "When the wedding invites for AN Mishra's daughter Anushree's wedding were sent out, everyone knew this was going to be a do that would have the who's who of the city and the bureaucracy in attendance.And why not, for Mishra isn't just a bureaucrat but a fairly social one at that. The list of VIPs at the wedding party included IAS officers Alok Ranjan, Badal Chatterjee and Aradhana Shukla, Shahabuddin and his wife Farzana, Dr MC Pant, director of the Dr Ram Manohar Lohia Institute of Medical Sciences, corporate honcho OP Srivastava and his wife Renu, Ambika Mishra and Runa Banerjee, among others.Theatre person Salim Arif flew down from Mumbai especially for the wedding, as did the groom Prashant's friends and colleagues from Norway. But of course, no one's more important than the dulha and dulhan at a wedding. So even though the groom made a fashionably late entry with the baraat, no one was complaining.On the contrary, it gave everyone an opportunity to enjoy the live music arranged at the party. However, a lot of guests who left early as they had to go to other parties the same day missed meeting Anushree, or his sister Ayushi who was giving the bride-in-waiting company.Nishi Pandey looked resplendent in a blue silk sari. AN Mishra himself was unmissable in a tuxedo with a red bow-tie, an attire he's rarely been seen in before. The bride's mum, Rachna, looked graceful as ever in her golden sari. Youngsters Avantika, Neha, Smriti and Richa dazzled in their Indian avatars.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421754", "title": "Praveen may go to European Court of Human Rights", "text": "BANGALORE: Praveen Halappanavar, the husband of Dr Savita Halappanavar, is all set to take his battle for justice forward. According to reports in the Irish media, there has been a groundswell of support from women's and human rights groups worldwide in his quest for a public inquiry into her death.His solicitor, Gerard O'Donnell, confirmed that Friday was Praveen's deadline for the government to respond to his request for a public inquiry. If that didn't happen, he'll take his case to the European Court of Human Rights .Savita Halappanavar died on October 28 at University Hospital Galway after she suffered a miscarriage following back pain. She had been 17 weeks pregnant. Halappanavar has said she asked repeatedly for a termination of pregnancy but was refused as the fetal heartbeat was still present and \"this is a Catholic country\". O'Donnell told The Irish Times on Thursday he didn't anticipate a positive response to the call for a public inquiry.Meanwhile, the Irish Independent reports that Praveen marked one months of Savita's death with a prayer service. He celebrated Savita's life with close friends as he took a day away from his campaign for a public inquiry into her death. \"It is difficult to believe it has been a month. I remembered her privately with some friends. We had a small prayer service for her,\" he told this paper.He added: \"I have been receiving letters and emails from everywhere. People are sending them from around the world to the Indian ambassador and he has passed them on, the same with my solicitor. They have been a huge support. I suppose anyone, no matter what their religion or where they are from in the world, can relate to this.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17427978", "title": "Another Palghar Facebook account hacked", "text": "MUMBAI: Yet another Facebook account of a Palghar resident(a local reporter) is suspected to have been hacked to post abusive comments against former Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray.Mohammed Hussain (39) learnt on Thursday night that his account under the name of 'Palghar Mirror' had been hacked and the hacker had posted objectionable images of the late leader. Around three comments were posted in response to the images the location of which was 'Pakistan'.\"I rushed to the Palghar police with a complaint. The police have taken the complaint but no case has been registered yet.\" said Hussain.A CD containing the images was also given to the police. Hussain who had launched the newspaper Palghar Mirror about a month ago said that he was a regular on Facebook but the comment had shocked him, the Facebook account was also a month old.The local Shiv Sena has called for action against the hacker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421967", "title": "Crocodiles score in diverse Sunderbans delta", "text": "KOLKATA: Upbeat over a healthy and thriving estuarine crocodile population in Sunderbans, the outcome of the first ever saltwater crocodile assessment in the mangroves, a group of premier wildlife bodies in the country have compared the crocodile habitat in the Sunderbans with that of Northern Australia and Papua New Guinea, some of the best saltwater crocodile supporting areas in the world.The national park east and west ranges in the tiger reserve area and the Raidighi range in the South 24-Parganas forest division, with good number of crocodile sightings, show that these areas have so far been able to withstand climate change elements like salinity and surface water temperature. Otherwise, experts said, these places couldn't have sustained a healthy crocodile population.\"The national park east range with 40 direct and 51 indirect sightings have turned out to support the best population of the giant reptiles, followed by Sajnekhali range with 30 direct and 14 indirect sightings. National park west range followed with sightings of 28 direct and 15 indirect evidences of crocodiles. Ramganga range recorded 15 direct and 3 indirect evidences of crocodiles and also supported the best juvenile population,\" said Wildlife Institute of India (WII) scientist BC Chowdhury.According to Pradeep Vyas, director of Sunderbans Biosphere Reserve (SBR), a good sub-adult or juvenile population in Ramganga range proves that this area has the potential to sustain a healthy number of crocodiles in future.\"The crocodile population in these areas also shows that the salinity level here is moderate, making it perfect for the survival of these reptiles. The surface water temperature, too, seems to be conducive to a healthy crocodile population here. As the apex predators of water don't have sex chromosome, the temperature plays a key role in determining the sex of the crocodile hatchlings,\" added Vyas. On salinity, Vyas said the reptiles can sustain a salinity up to 20 ppt (parts per thousands).Shailendra Singh of Madras Crocodile Bank Trust said the unique eco-system of Sunderbans is ideal for crocodile survival. Suchandra Kundu of Society for Heritage and Ecological Research (SHER), which had participated in the census in January, said apart from the crocodile status, such exercise also helps understand the water quality and prey base in the mangroves.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424345", "title": "Acid attack victim succumbs to injuries", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 30-year-old victim of acid attack succumbed to burn injuries on Wednesday night. She was admitted to the Coimbatore Medical College Hospital (CMCH) on November 6 after her live-in partner threw acid on her face in a fit of rage. Her partner was arrested by the police and charged with attempt to murder. Police have now altered the case to murder.The victim, B Chandrakala, from Perur Chettipalayam on the outskirts of the city was attacked by her live-in partner Ravi alias Ravichandran (40) from Kempatty Colony in the city, when she was walking on Vysial Street on November 6. The victim's face was seriously disfigured in the acid attack and her condition was extremely critical. She had suffered severe burn injuries and was undergoing treatment at the CMCH. Big Bazaar street police arrested Ravichandran under section 307 (attempt to murder) of IPC and he was lodged in Coimbatore central prison.Even after 23 days of treatment there were no signs of improvement and Chandrakala succumbed to her injuries on Wednesday night. The city police altered the case to 302 (murder) of IPC on Thursday. Police said that the victim began an extra marital affair with Ravichandran five years ago. Ravi is a gold dust scavenger and her husband Balasubramaniam, 38, was working under Ravi. Three years ago, Chandrakala and Ravi left their families and decided to live together in a rented house at Perur Chettipalayam. ' Ravi has been suffering from paralysis and his health has been deteriorating since the past year. He began to suspect Chandrakala's fidelity and accused her of having affairs. They quarreled often over this issue and their most recent argument led to the fatal acid attack. During interrogation, Ravi told police that Chandrakala stopped respecting him since he became paralyzed. He wanted to destroy her beauty and thus attacked her with acid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423156", "title": "Taliban threat mere political posturing, say Hyderabad police", "text": "HYDERABAD: Pakistan Taliban's claim thatitsfightersin Hyderabad will avenge Ajmal Kasab's death has not rattled the city police brass whodismissit as mere political posturing.Reacting to Taliban Jundullah group leader Ahmed Marwat's claim that \"they are planning to launch terror strikes to avenge Kasab's hanging\", Hyderabad police commissioner Anurag Sharma on Thursdaysaidtheterror outfitdoes not have any presence in the country andthey wereonly trying to grab attention by making suchclaims.However, the city police are checking with intelligence agencies, both state and central, about the threat. Apart from the Hyderabad police, sleuths of the Counter Intelligence Cell and National Investigation Agency (NIA) are examining the Jundullah group'swarning.\"There is no specific alert about any foreign or local terror module, including the Jundullah group, in Hyderabad. In view of the existing security scenario, we are taking all precautionary measures. We are vigilant and surveillance on suspects will be stepped up,\" Sharma told TOI.He added : \"There is no specific alert about the existence of such a terror module in the city. There is no reason to worry.\"Despite announcing that there were not even aware of the existence of the Jundullah branch, police are not ignoring Ahmed Marwat'swarning. As per theBureauof Immigration (BoI) and police records, there are currently about 27,000 registered foreign nationals, including Pakistanis and Bangladeshis,in thecity.Every year, on an average, about 1,000 Pakistani and Bangladeshi nationals visit the city. Sofar, 580 Pakistani nationals visited the city this year and 511 of them left after finishing their business here. Similarly,78 Bangladeshis visited the city this year and 62 of them left the country. Of those foreign nationals who are still in the city, 16 Bangladeshis and 69 Pakistanis have been giving attendance before the Special Branch police officials as per rules.However, police are worried over a significant number of Pakistanis and Bangladeshis, who had arrived here earlier, going 'untraceable' and the recent arrest of terror suspects by police of other states. As per city police official data, 27 Bangladeshis and over 30 Pakistani nationals remained untraceable. \"Among the untraceable people, there are more than half-a-dozen women\",a city police officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422728", "title": "Corporation of the City of Panaji initiative reduces roadside eatery garbage by half", "text": "PANAJI: Waste generated by roadside eateries has been reduced by 50% after the Corporation of the City of Panaji (CCP) directed hawkers and gadda owners in the city to use either steel or biodegradable plates.Panaji mayor Vaidehi Naik told TOI that CCP issued the guidelines to be implemented from November 20. CCP sources said that with over a week of implementing the new guidelines, waste from gaddas has been reduced by half.Other than food stalls set up for the international film festival of India (Iffi), there are about 20 bhel puri gaddas at Miramar beach and another 30 roadside eateries all over the city.The decision has been welcomed by people frequenting gaddas. Porvorim resident Isle Fernandes, 30, said, \"It came as a surprise to be served in steel plates and be given steel spoons. Cutting down on the use of paper plates will probably save many trees. I was quite happy to see steel spoons as use of plastic spoons generated garbage. The only thing we are unaware of is whether the gaddas are washing these steel plates and spoons properly.\"A group of tourists munching 'sev puri' also expressed their agreement when told about the change. \"Garbage needs to be reduced. The only issue is of hygiene. There is a possibility of falling sick,\" Bangalore resident Shashidhar Battu, 23, said. \"Unless the customer can see that the plates are clean,\" added Srinath, 26, also from Bangalore.Dipika Sivaguru, 26, said that eating from steel plates gave her the feeling of eating at home. \"I don't mind eating from steel plates. It gives one a homey feeling. In some malls in Bangalore, they have a common washing system for plates used in all outlets in the mall's premises. I don't know if the same could be adapted here,\" she said.Those who run the gaddas have met the situation by bringing a large number of steel plates to serve customers daily. \"We wash the steel plates at home. As a result, each gadda here brings between 200-300 steel plates daily. We may have to increase the number to 400 plates during the peak season in December. We are happy with the decision as it has reduced garbage,\" said Rajesh, who runs a gadda at Miramar.CCP sources said that the gaddas generated between 100 kg to 150 kg garbage in terms of paper plates and cups. The problem was that no recycling agent collected the plates as they were soiled. CCP held a meeting with gadda owners explaining the problems associated with using paper plates. Gadda owners readily agreed to comply with the new directions. They are now using either steel plates or those made of leaves. The leaf plates go directly into composting bins, while steel plates are washed and reused, sources said.This is part of CCP's initiative to reduce garbage by eliminating it at source. CCP is appreciative that gadda owners have cooperated. The corporation will monitor the gaddas and confiscate any paper or plastic plates, cups or spoons, and impose a fine on the offender, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426384", "title": "A packed Friday", "text": "This Friday seems to be a big one at the Box Office, with two of the much-awaited films battling it out in the Box Office. The films in contention are Seenu Ramasamy's Neer Paravai, which has Vishnu and Sunaina in the lead and debutant director Balaji's Naduvla Konjam Pakkatha Kaanom (NKPK). Though the former has an acclaimed cast and crew, the latter has received a good review from all quarters even before its release. Giving both the Tamil films a tough competition is Superstar Aamir Khan's much-awaited Talaash . Aamir has always had a good opening in Chennai and Coimbatore and the star is darling among the Tamil audience. The tickets for the movie have already been sold out in a majority of the multiplexes. In the meanwhile, the Rana Daggubati- Nayanthara starrer Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is also hitting screens today. This movie is touted be Nayanthara's comeback vehicle.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17421251", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcUS against sharing of atmospheric space\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "DOHA: US chief negotiator for climate change Jonathan Pershing rubbished the principle of sharing the atmospheric space with other countries in a closed-door meeting, whose clandestine recording has been accessed by TOI.The principle is India's fundamental demand since New Delhi requires the carbon space in the atmosphere to power its economic growth. Currently, the developed world occupies around 70% of the atmospheric space and unless big economies like the US vacate it partially by reducing their emissions, their poorer counterparts would not be able to raise their growth levels without tipping the climate change into an irreversible and extreme level.Pershing was speaking off the record to a group of international NGOs, when he ripped into the principle of equity that underlies the sharing of atmospheric space. His reason: the world needs to strike a compromise since he wouldn't be able to sell the idea to his domestic audience.Pershing said, \"It's a vision you can say that the atmosphere can take an X quantity of coal emissions and therefore what you do is you divide that number into percentages. The obligation it states is that you (the US) would have to reduce its emissions down to negative 37% (below 1990 levels). And the obligation of China will be a tiny bit, but India can still grow quite a lot. The politics of that quite frankly really don't work. I can't really sell that to the US Congress.\"Suggesting that the US preferred to take the domestic constituency into confidence while making the commitment and not go by scientific requirements, he reasoned, \"One way to think about it is what you could deliver. You say what you are going to do and you will be held to that. So how do you marry the reality of what you are doing with the reality of what is needed. To me, it's going to be a hybrid. It's going to be something between those two.\"Unlike the Kyoto Protocol approach where the UN convention first decides how much reduction is required and then apportions the burden, Pershing suggested \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in what's dubbed not a new US position \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that each country decides independently what it wants to do and put it on the global table.Reiterating that US domestic political compulsions were paramount, he added, \"Because if we can't take it home and sell it at home, in whatever political economy we are living in, we won't do it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426661", "title": "Wife, kids hated beard: Affleck", "text": "Actor Ben Affleck says his wife actress Jennifer Garner and kids hated the beard he grew for his role in \"Argo\".\"My wife is a very polite and kind woman. She and the kids did not like the beard. It had an exposed wire vibe. It was hated in my home,\" showbizspy.com quoted Affleck as saying.\"Being at a place in my life and my career where I know what I'm trying to do, it's different than being 26.\"When you're younger and have the early success that I had - it sounds like the worst Hallmark cliche - but I didn't have anyone to share it with,\" he added.The 40-year-old, who has daughters Violet, six, and Seraphina, three and nine-month-old son Samuel, says he wants to make his kids proud by h is f ilms.\"I don't mean I wanted someone to sit by the fire with. But when you have a family and children, you kind of see yourself reflected in them.\"I want to make the kinds of movies that my kids are proud of. I have higher standards, in a way, for them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17424851", "title": "Two-day meet on hospital waste management starts tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: Yenepoya Medical College, Yenepoya University will organize the 12th annual conference of Indian Society of Hospital Waste Management (ISHWM) `ISHWMCON 2012' at Deralakatte, Mangalore on December 1 and 2.Dr Ghulam Jeelani Qadiri, organizing chairman and Dr Sunita Saldanha, organizing secretary, stated the conference will attempt to facilitate discussions on critical issues and challenges in hospital waste management.They said the conference with the theme 'Healthcare waste management - moving towards sustainable solutions' will provide an opportunity for exchange of information among different stakeholders - government, scientific community, hospitals, NGOs, medical fraternity, managers, health planners, international donors and policy makers.They observed that hospital waste management is receiving a lot of attention in the recent past because of growing evidence of rise in incidences of Hepatitis B, C and HIV/AIDS as a result of mismanagement of hospital waste especially used syringes and needles.The outcome of the conference will promote better management of healthcare waste through convergence of resources of different stakeholders by way of information exchange, networking, building alliances, collaboration and capacity buildings.The conference will be attended by representatives from WHO-Serao, New Delhi apart from about 300 participants from several state and central government organizations, members of defense and railways, academicians, researchers, district nodal officers of healthcare waste management and members from Nepal will also be participating.Yenepoya Abdulla Kunhi, chancellor, Yenepoya University will inaugurate the conference. P Chandramohan, vice-chancellor, Yenepoya University, Payden from WHO-Searo, Dr Ramteke, director general, Indian Railways and Dr C Shivaram from MSR Medical College, Bangalore will be present at the two-day event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423400", "title": "Maid stages burglary drama after stealing Rs 5.5 lakh gold jewellery", "text": "CHENNAI: Police arrested a part-time maid who staged a burglary drama at a retired doctor's house in Anna Nagar and made away with 23 sovereigns of gold jewellery worth about 5.5 lakh on Wednesday. Police also picked up her lover with whom she had deposited the booty.Police said on November 3, Jothi, 24, entered the house without owner Saraswathi noticing her. She got into the bedroom and took the jewellery from an almirah. She kept the jewellery in a dustbin, covered with waste clothes, inside the bathroom. She tied a saree to a balcony railing and left the house silently. Saraswathi was busy in the kitchen when the incident took place. Saraswathi's husband, Dr Narayanan, had gone to the US to visit their son.\"Later she came, pretending as if she was just entering the house. As soon as she entered the bedroom, she shouted, claiming that she saw a burglar had run out from the room,\" said Anna Nagar inspector Gnaneswaran. Jothi showed Saraswathi the saree tied to the balcony, and said the burglar could have escaped that way. While Saraswathi went to file a complaint with police, the maid took the jewellery from the dustbin and handed them over to her lover, Jayavel, 30, a resident of Padi.Policemen who went to the house found the story unbelievable, since the key of the almirah was kept in a drawer. A burglar not familiar with the house is unlikely to open the drawer and then the almirah to take away the jewellery. The family members initially told the police that they did not suspect the maid, but police had enough reasons to follow her.\"We collected a list of phone numbers she had called,\" said an investigating officer, \"and found that she had frequently called Jayavel. Later we came to know that they have been in love for more than seven years and were about to get married. On interrogation, she told us the truth and we recovered the booty from Jayavel.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428466", "title": "Bollywood's retro music excites Kunal Ganjawala", "text": "Singer Kunal Ganjawala is happy that retro music is making waves in Bollywood once again!Talking specifically about Kareena Kapoor's song \" Muskaanein jhoothi hain \" from \" Talaash \", Ganjawala said: \"I am happy that retro style is coming back as this genre has not been seen in the industry for last 10 to 15 years. Something like this was last seen in ' Dil Chahta Hai '. It was a sad song, and then (there was one) in ' Guzaarish '.\"Ganjawala, well-known for numbers like \" Channa vey \", \" Humdum suniyo re \", \" Masha-Allah \", and \" Raat ke dhai baje \", rues that while there is no dearth of good singles today, a complete album is missing.\"A lot of item numbers and fun songs are alright to some extent, but musically there are very rare albums that interact with the listeners on an entire spectrum like happy, sad, item and philosophical songs. It is necessary,\" the singer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17424251", "title": "Shahid takes a shine to \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcRanbir\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s gal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "The actors have been getting along like a house on fire since they started shooting for Phata...We'd told you how Shahid Kapoor and Ileana D'Cruz had hit it off right from day one of the shooting of Rajkumar Santoshi's Phata Poster Nikla Hero . At the time, Shahid would tease his co-star as 'Ranbir's gal'.It seems, Ileana took all the leg pulling in the true spirit of a Bollywood heroine. She has been spotted spending quality time with her co-star at a Bandra eatery. What's more, Shahid, who had so far confined himself to Versova, has been spotted zipping around Bandra too often. And we have reasons to believe, it's not just work that takes him there.A source told TOI, \"Shahid and Ileana are very fond of one another. They like each other's company. In fact, they were quite close even before they started working together in Santoshi's film.\"However, the source was quick to add, \"It is very difficult to say at this point whether Shahid's association with Ileana will go the distance.\"In fact Shahid has been known to be a commitment-phobe. Though he has often been linked to his co-stars, most of his relationships seemed to run their course all too quickly.After Kareena and Priyanka, Shahid was linked with Bipasha Basu for a brief while. \"But that was more a case of rebound,\" the source pointed out. Shahid's alleged affair with Vidya Balan too was a rather short-lived one.In Phata Poster NIkla Hero , Shahid plays a young boy who dreams of becoming a superstar against his mother's ( Padmini Kolhapure) wishes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "amritsar/chandigarh", "code": "17421291", "title": "Alert in Amritsar after Taliban threat", "text": "AMRITSAR/CHANDIGARH: Security was upped in and around the Golden Temple, Jallianwala Bagh, Durgiana temple and other key places following claims made on Wednesday by a Pakistani Taliban faction that its fighters were holed up in Amritsar to carry out attacks to avenge the hanging of 26/11 convict Ajmal Kasab.The intelligence wing of the Punjab police, which has been put on high alert following the claims, has also detected a flurry of phone calls made to Pakistan.According to a senior Punjab cop, the state's intelligence has tracked about 1,950 calls made between Pakistan and Punjab's Amritsar and Ferozepur districts during a four-day period between November 21 and 24.These calls were tracked just hours after 26/11 Mumbai attacks convict Ajmal Kasab was executed in Yerwada Jail in Pune.\"Generally, the call volume does not go beyond 100-200 in a month. Most of them are between relatives, artists or traders. These calls are under observation,\" said a senior police official attached with the intelligence wing.Punjab deputy chief minister Sukhbir Badal dismissed any imminent terror threat in Amritsar or anywhere else in Punjab. He, however, said that state's intelligence was \"vigilant enough to thwart any such attack plans\".\"First of all, the state police have not received any alert from the Union ministry of home affairs. Their personnel man the sensitive border areas. Second, we are ourselves vigilant and capable enough to handle and foil terrorist attacks, Badal Jr, who also holds the home portfolio, told TOI.Over 350 unregistered Pakistan SIM cards have been seized in the past two years by the Intelligence Bureau in several regions of Punjab and Rajasthan.According to the government officials, police and BSF have been put on alert following the claims. \"We have already made sufficient security arrangements in Amritsar but I am still to get any official communication on the Taliban threat,\" said Amritsar police commissioner Ram Singh.The BSF, on the other hand, held a meeting with Pakistani rangers in the wake of the threat. BSF inspector general (Frontier) Aditya Mishra said beating the retreat ceremony was one of the soft targets.\"We held a meeting with Pakistan Rangers officials and have told them to be on alert and enhance security on their side,\" said Mishra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427529", "title": "Nanoparticles minimise side-effects in radiotherapy", "text": "Researchers have identified non-toxic nanoparticles that can make radiotherapy more affordable and also minimise its side-effects in cancer treatment .An international team, led by Royal Melbourne Institute of Technology (RMIT), studied alternatives to gold particles, such as bismuth-based nanoparticles.Gold nanoparticles have been shown to concentrate radiation used in cancer but are highly expensive and mildly toxic, according to an RMIT statement.Doctoral researcher Mamdooh Alqathami from RMIT said the team identified bismuth as an ideal option, whose nanoparticles almost doubled the dose of radiation to surrounding cancerous tissue.\"Bismuth-based nanoparticles are an attractive option as they cost only a few dollars per gram, compared with thousands of dollars a gram for gold, and they are non-toxic, reducing any side-effects from potential treatments,\" said Alqathami, researcher at the RMIT School of Medical Sciences.\"By enhancing radiation in the tumour, doctors may be able to decrease the initial dose of radiotherapy, which will hopefully result in fewer side-effects for the patient while having the same impact on the cancer,\" said Alqathami.\"While further work needs to be done before our findings can be implemented into conventional cancer treatments, this is an exciting advance that gives us a promising focus for ongoing research,\" Alqathami added.He collaborated with researchers from RMIT's Health Innovations Research Institute, the University of Melbourne, the UK's University of Surrey and the Institute of Cancer Research.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17427527", "title": "PMO pushes ahead with direct cash transfer scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pushing ahead with the direct cash transfer scheme, the Prime Minister's Office has directed various ministries and departments to immediately get down to the task of operationalising the ambitious programme to be rolled out from January 1, next year.\"I would request you to get down to the immediate task of operationalising direct cash transfers in the identified schemes in your department,\" said Pulok Chatterjee, principal secretary to the Prime Minister in a letter to nine secretaries of the central government.This follows the first meeting of the National Committee on Direct Cash Transfers (DCT) chaired by Prime Minister Manmohan Singh on November 26.The letter said that emphasis should be on having a seamless and trouble free roll-out of the programme, first in 51 districts and, subsequently as per the agreed roll-out plan.\"The main issue which you need to focus on is ensuring that you have a complete list of beneficiaries in digitized form seeded with Aadhaar numbers for your schemes,\" it said.Digitisation of beneficiaries' database, it said, is critical for rolling out the scheme and maximum effort on this needs to be put in at the state and district levels.Chatterjee told the secretaries that they will be provided necessary assistance by Unique Identification Authority of India ( UIDAI ) and the Department of Information Technology.The implementation committees in each ministry have been directed to meet on a weekly basis to complete the task of digitization.The PMO said concerns relating to availability of banking infrastructure and the financial and accounting procedures required would be addressed by the Financial Inclusion and Technology Committees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17424238", "title": "Sunday marks 'Advent' of Xmas", "text": "PATNA: Think December and the first thing that comes to mind is Christmas. Even though the festivities are popularly known to be held on December 25, the day Jesus was born, the Church prepares for the celebration for four weeks prior to the Xmas.The fourth last Sunday before the Christmas marks Advent, the beginning of Christmas season. This year it's first Sunday of December. While special prayers are offered across all churches as part of the spiritual preparations, devotees also start shopping and decorating their homes to welcome child Jesus to their homes and hearts.\"Advent is four weeks of repentance as well as joy associated with the coming of Christ. Spiritual preparations are done by readings different scripture passages,\" Fr Gregory Gomes , head priest of the Queen of Apostles Church at Kurji, said and added Jesus came to bring peace to mankind and, not surprisingly, \"nowadays people of all religions celebrate Christmas\".One of the most common symbols of Advent is a circular 'Wreath' of evergreen leaves with five candles - three purple, one white and one of rose colour. The green of the wreath represents hope and the white candle symbolizes the light of Jesus coming into the world. The candles of different colours represent the period of waiting and are lit on all the four Sundays of Advent, explained Fr Gomes.According to the priest, each candle has a specific meaning. The first candle represents the prophecies of the Old Testament (scriptures), the second is the Bethlehem candle, the third is the Shepherd's candle symbolizing everlasting joy and the fourth is the Angel's candle that stands for peace of God.During the Advent season, Christmas carols can be heard playing at most of the Christian homes. \"Christmas is a season of joy and we sing carols to celebrate joy and happiness as we await the coming of the Lord,\" said Shreyas Natal, an engineer. While Christmas tree and crib decorations keep children busy, Santa Claus is seen trotting down the streets of the city towards the latter half of Advent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421701", "title": "Poll-bound Karnataka can't give in now", "text": "BANGALORE: On Thursday, Karnataka and Tamil Nadu came together for discussions only because the Supreme Court directed them to. At present, the situation is Karnataka is politically emotive as the state will be going for assembly elections shortly. Karnataka chief minister Jagadish Shettar cannot be seen sacrificing the state farmers' interests. Even a slightest concession to Tamil Nadu will have the Cauvery basin farmers and opposition parties pouncing on him. Besides, it wouldn't be wise on his part to agree to any of Tamil Nadu's demands.A similar situation exists in Tamil Nadu. Jayalalithaa hails from Karnataka and she's had to strike a tough stand as the DMK is waiting for an opportunity to attack her. Consequently, with both states taking a tough stance, negotiations were expected to break down. So it comes as no surprise that talks between the two CMs failed, and the ball is back with the judiciary.Cauvery is a holy river for both states, and the water that flows down isn't just water. It's a river imbued with feelings and culture, hence, emotional and political issues get mixed up.When the Cauvery agreement was signed in 1924, it was between the Madras Presidency and the Mysore Maharaja, who was not a sovereign authority. He could not have bargained and Karnataka, which was called Mysore then, was not ambitious about irrigation projects. On the other hand, Tamil Nadu had gone ahead with its irrigation projects. Apart from Krishnaraja Sagar dam, Kabini, Harangi and Hemavathy were created later. KRS contributes 40 tmcft of the total 114 tmcft in the Cauvery basin -- just half of Almatti dam which holds 227 tmcft.Therefore, it's a very difficult situation to be resolved politically and can be done only by the courts. Karnataka's argument on water sharing is based on the present (no water available) whereas Tamil Nadu's is based on the future (next crop).(The author is a retired IAS bureaucrat)Filed by naheed", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421873", "title": "Frame policy to ban mineral projects in ghats: Task force", "text": "BANGALORE: The Western Ghats Task Force on Thursday urged the state government to come out with a clear policy to ban projects involving minerals like iron ore, manganese and bauxite in the Western Ghats region.The 14-point recommendation on 'Conservation and sustainable development of Western Ghats' was submitted to the state government by the task force on Thursday.Major recommendations include: all taluks under the Western Ghats should be brought under the Naxal package benefits, the tribal and forest dwellers act should be implemented appropriately, providing basic facilities to forest dwelling communities, a comprehensive policy to protect river valleys, providing a fair and timely compensation to farmers facing wildlife attacks on their lives and crops, conserving declining honey bee population through appropriate schemes.Other recommendations include medicinal plant conservation, herbal drug use in primary healthcare, launching eco-friendly alternative energy sources like gobar gas, solar light in the region, enhancing local employment opportunities of tribals and forest dwellers and not giving permission to hydroelectric projects.\"Many of these recommendations have been implemented in some form or the other. Some of the other recommendations that have already been initiated at some level are the river stream issues, de-conservation and finding alternative source of energy in the region,\" said Anant Hegde Ashisar, chairman, Western Ghats Task Force.Govt to implement recommendationsForests minister CP Yogeshwar on Thursday said: \"Our government has taken the issue (conservation of Western Ghats) seriously and will implement all the 14 chief recommendations made by the Western Ghats Task Force.\"Filed rhik/cleared sita/uk", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422887", "title": "Tricity aims for 2 world records", "text": "CHANDIGARH: More than 3,500 students from 100 Tricity schools would gather at the Hockey Stadium in Sector 42, Chandigarh, on Friday morning to create two Guinness World Records in a go.They would target the records for \"the largest classroom of the world\" and \"the largest oath taking ceremony\". The event is being conducted by a Mohali-based educational organization.While the largest classroom of students will learn the principles and formulas of success, they will take an oath \"To lead India 2020\" to register the largest oath taking ceremony.The event has no participation fee. All the participants will receive a world record participation certificate.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17424742", "title": "Jet Airways to start Mangalore-Dubai flights", "text": "MANGALORE: The six year long monopoly of Air India express to the Middle East sector from Mangalore now faces a threat.The second largest Indian airline based in Mumbai, Jet Airways, is expected to start its Dubai services from December 14, which should see competitive fares and better services kick in for the passengers in the Mangalore-Dubai sector. Sources in the travel industry said Jet will offer business class travel from day one, giving relief to passengers who can afford, but could not avail it on Air India Express.Bajpe airport director GT Radhakrishna said \"We have not got the dates as yet from the operator. As far as Airports Authority of India is concerned all necessary infrastructures is in place. There are some minor hitches regarding security and staff shortage in some departments, which should be addressed soon. Consultations are going on to this effect\".Sources said that Department of Customs had resisted the proposal saying that it faced staff shortage. A customs department official said it was a bogey often raised to blame the department. Customs department needs infrastructure. There is issue of baggage safety also. When they give us required'' infrastructure, we don't mind handling any number of aircrafts. As of now, nearly 20 personnel are working in two shifts at the airport,'' the source said.Jet Airways officials will meet the Mangalore Customs Commissioner, who is in Bangalore on Thursday to sort out the issue, said a travel industry source. According to the tentative schedule worked out by the airlines, the flight will depart to Dubai at around 9 pm and the same flight will arrive at Bajpe at 6 am.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17421733", "title": "Obama-Romney lunch focus on American leadership in the world", "text": "WASHINGTON: US President Barack Obama has met Mitt Romney , the Republican presidential candidate, over lunch at the White House during which the discussions between the two leaders focused on America's leadership in the world.The lunch in the Private Dining Room adjacent to the Oval Office of White House lasted for over an hour yesterday. Their lunch menu included white turkey chili and Southwestern grilled chicken salad. In the November 6 presidential elections, Obama defeated Romney, the former governor of Massachusetts.\"Governor Romney congratulated the President for the success of his campaign and wished him well over the coming four years. The focus of their discussion was on America's leadership in the world and the importance of maintaining that leadership position in the future,\" the White House said after the meeting.\"They pledged to stay in touch , particularly if opportunities to work together on shared interests arise in the future,\" it said.Earlier the White House press secretary Jay Carney said \"this was a conversation the President wanted to have with Romney, as he mentioned on the night of the election\".\"I think that he's very interested in some of Governor Romney's ideas,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17422900", "title": "Ricky Ponting is to Australia what Dravid was to India: Kumble", "text": "MUMBAI: Former India captain and the third highest wicket-taker of all time in Tests, Anil Kumble , heaped lavish praise on Ricky Ponting after the Australian great announced on Thursday that he would retire after the Perth Test.\"He is to Australia what Rahul Dravid was to India. Ricky is a great player and he kept the team together especially coming in at No. 3 like Dravid did for us,\" Kumble told TOI.Kumble was the Indian captain during the infamous Monkeygate scandal in Australia that brought both the teams on the verge of an ugly fallout and India almost threatened to pull out of the tour. Recalling those turn of events, Kumble said \"During our tour (2008) and after the incident ( Sydney ), things were a bit different, but I have interacted with him before that incident and even later. Whenever we've met, he has always been cordial.\"The former leg-spinner bowled to Ponting on numerous occasions in most big-ticket matches. \"What was striking about his batting was the way he stayed positive right throughout,\" Kumble recalled.Analysing his failures in India, Kumble felt the low bounce on the Indian pitches was something that Ponting took time getting used to. \"He was a good player of spin and he did exceptionally well against us in Australia. He was very good against fast bowling in particular and few played the short delivery better than him,\" Kumble said.An astute skipper himself, Kumble felt his former Australia counterpart was a brilliant team man too. \"As a captain he was always under pressure especially while playing in Australia. He had a brilliant team and the results followed, but when those key players retired I feel his approach didn't change.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17426503", "title": "MPSTDC to develop Wanchoo Point as tourist attraction", "text": "INDORE: Madhya Pradesh State Tourism Development Corporation (MPSTDC) is going to develop Wanchoo Point, 20 km from Indore as one of the major tourist attraction in state. Picturesque Wachoo Point is world's only and unique, gravity based water supply scheme.Regional Manager of MPSTDC M N Jamali said his department has chalked out a comprehensive development plan in association with the Union Government to bring picturesque hilly terrain of Wachoo Point on the tourist map of the state and the country as well.He further said development of Wanchoo Point would be carried out under Development Destination of Mhow scheme of the tourism department of the Union government.Elaborating about the plan he said approximately Rs 79 lakh would be spent on development of Wachoo Point. Of this amount, Rs 37 lakh would be spent on Wanchoo Point, while remaining amount of Rs 42 lakh would be spent on signage and display. MPSTDC has also sought permission from Indore Municipal Corporation to carry out the development works.For people of Indore and adjoining areas, Wanchoo Point located atop hills on Narmada water supply route between Jalud and Indore and from where one can get a perfect view of Sun set, has always been a favourite destination for the picnic goers and lovers of scenic beauty.Though Indore Municipal Corporation and forest department have their guest houses at Wanchoo Point, the MPSTDC under its plan has also proposed to construct its rest house and set up its tourism centre there for the convenience of people, MPTDC sources informed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmednagar", "code": "17426536", "title": "Anna Hazare alleges arrested Maharashtra MLA getting 'five-star' treatment", "text": "AHMEDNAGAR: Anna Hazare has alleged that MLA Suresh Jain, who was arrested in connection with the Jalgaon Housing scam, was getting \"five-star\" treatment and demanded an inquiry against jail authorities.Hazare wrote a letter to this effect to additional commissioner of police Meera Borwankar, before leaving for Odisha tour on Wednesday, Anna's close aide advocate Shyam Asawa said here on Friday.Hazare said in the letter that Jain was denied bail by the high court. After being arrested on March 12, 2012, Jain has been trying to spend maximum time in hospitals and not in prison.Jain was brought to Arthur Road jail in Mumbai on November 3, but was immediately admitted to Saint George Hospital where he is getting five-star treatment. Some jail authorities are managing these comforts for Jain, Hazare alleged in the letter and demanded an inquiry against them.Asawa said the Bhrashtachar Virodhi Jan Andolan, of which he is a trustee, will seek legal action against the special treatment being provided to the accused.Jain, who was a minister for housing during the Shiv Sena-BJP rule in the 1990s, had been arrested for allegedly favouring a builder and indulging in irregularities to the tune of Rs 29 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17420581", "title": "I've come to learn from my guru: East Zone curator", "text": "KOLKATA: Asish Bhowmick, the BCCI grounds and pitches committee member from East Zone, turned up at the Eden Gardens on Thursday morning, after rushing to the city the evening before on getting a directive from BCCI grounds and pitches panel chief Daljit Singh.Putting to rest speculations about Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) curator Prabir Mukherjee's future, Bhowmick said he had come here to \"learn from his guru\" rather than boss over him.The curator from Tripura was warmly welcomed by Mukherjee at the Eden Gardens on Thursday. The two exchanged notes over tea before walking out to inspect the pitch, which is in sharp focus right now.Bhowmick, who had 'inspected' the Eden pitch just three days earlier, took a good look at the track and also spoke to members of the ground staff. CAB joint secretary Sujan Mukherjee was also present, as the trio held a \"mid-wicket\" discussion.Bhowmick ruled out suggestions that his visit had much to do with Mukherjee's reluctance to toe BCCI's line on the nature of the track to be prepared for the third Test between India and England. \"I am here as part of a routine exercise. The issues that are being talked about has only been created by the media. We have no differences,\" Bhowmick stated. He made it clear that he wasn't back in Kolkata to guide or direct Mukherjee.\"I know Prabir da for the last 15 years. He is a veteran and capable curator... I have come here to actually learn from my guru,\" he stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422948", "title": "Chandigarh municipal corporation awaits over `100crore from UT", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The rift between the UT administration and the city municipal corporation with regard to finances for development works has led to the civic body breaking its fixed deposits (FD) to carry on the important works. Though this time of the year is considered suitable for construction and maintenance of roads, the financial crunch has hit such works throughout the city.As per the financial estimates, the UT administration had to release over Rs 100 crore till November under both, plan and non-plan departments, but the amount was not given, leading to acute financial crunch with the MC.The fund crunch has hit not just the development works, but even non-plan expenditure, including salaries of MC employees.\"We had to break our fixed deposit as the UT administration is not giving money to us according to the set norms. In the current financial year, we have received only one grant of Rs 36.65 crore under plan head, with Rs 73 crore still pending.Under the non-plan head, which covers departmental expenditure like salaries of employees and submission of bills, the UT is yet to release Rs 49 crore to us,\" said an MC official seeking anonymity. The MC has withdrawn Rs 25 crore from its FD in the last three days, the official added.Another officer from the MC's finance wing said, \"We had to break the FD to release grants to the engineering wing as developmental works were suffering. Besides, the electricity bills for lifting the water from Kajauli canal and supplying it costs in crores.\"City mayor Rajbala Malik said she will take up the issue with senior officials of the Chandigarh administration. \"Hopefully grants will be released very soon,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17426455", "title": "MP forest department introduces e-payment system", "text": "INDORE: Moving towards e-governance, forest department of Madhya Pradesh has started electronic system for payment of earned funds after sale of various forest produce. Forest department says new system will be useful for all kinds of buyers of forest produce including individuals and firms.For the implementation of this electronic payment system department has inked pact with State Bank of India. Now on buyers of forest produce will not have to make bank drafts to make payments. One can now make online payments sitting in their offices.Principal Secretary Forests B P Singh launched this software on Thursday. Singh said the system is being introduced in public interest and it is very simple and useful. Principal Chief Conservator of Forests Ramesh K. Dave informed that the system being launched following approval of the Finance Department will also help in forest produce management.Principal Chief Conservator of Forests Action Plan Anil Oberoy said that through the new system, buyers will be able to deposit amounts of EMD sale value and tax in electronic mode. Chief General Manager State Bank of India Dinesh Kumar Khara and senior officers of the department and SBI were present on the occasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17421329", "title": "Haryana considers fee for transfer of land use licence", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana government has proposed to levy charges for transfer of change of land use (CLU) licences given to develop commercial colonies or group housing societies.It means that if any colonizer wants to transfer the licence while selling his land, he or she has to pay 10% of the total licence charges as fee to the government.\"We will be able to generate more revenue by charging the transfer fee as earlier there was no fee for licence transfer,\" said S S Dhillon, principal secretary (town and country planning), Haryana.The government has sought suggestions or objections of people to be submitted by December 21, before giving the final go-ahead to the proposed rule.The state government is changing these rules after 36 years. As yet, there is no fee for transfer of the licence along with the land. As per the proposed procedure, the colonizer has to deposit 10% of the total licence fee as administrative charges to get in-principle approval from the director of town and country planning. Then, if the buyer fails to submit all the documents within the stipulated time, which would be maximum four months, the in-principle nod would stand expired and administrative charges would be forfeited by the department. However, the licence cannot be transferred to develop another piece of land as colony than the specific area mentioned in the permit, clarified Anurag Rastogi, director of town and country planning.If materialized, the new rules may be called Haryana Development and Regulation of Urban Areas (amendment) Rules, 1976, said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426454", "title": "Paoli Dam set to make debut in Konkani films", "text": "Goa's Konkani cinema is about to get red hot. After scorching the silver screen with a bare-backed performance in Hate Story, Bengali bombshell Paoli Dam will act in a film directed by up-and-coming Goan director Laxmikant Shetgaonkar, says the actress.\"I am in Laxmikant Shetgaonkar's next film. We discussed the project when I met him in Cannes,\" the actress said of her 2011 meeting in France with the director, whose first film Poltodcho Munis won critical acclaim when it was released a few years ago.The Konkani film revolves around Baga beach, one of the popular beaches in Goa, and involves the slices of lives of tourists coming to the beach.Paoli plays the role of a north Indian tourist coming to Baga, she told IANS Thursday on the eve of the conclusion of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (IFFI) in Goa.The actress, whose claim to celluloid fame has been a raunchy role with part lesbian action in Hate Story , and a nude sequence in another Bengali film, was here to attend the screening of her new film Elar Char Adhyay at the Goa festival.\"I want to be part of films with a difference,\" she said, adding that she liked the director and the idea and her character in the Konkani film.A true-blue Bengali, who loves her fish, Paoli confesses that she loves the fish in Goa too. \"I love the food here. Just can't get enough of it,\" she says.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "17421050", "title": "Noida honcho arrested for sexual harassment of colleague", "text": "NOIDA: A leading financial service company's vice president was arrested on Thursday on allegations of sexual harassment and molestation of one of his female employees. Senior police officers said that a team will go to the company's office on Friday to record the statement of other female employees to establish the character of the accused.According to Gautam Budh Nagar SSP Praveen Kumar , the incident took place on Tuesday when the accused identified as G Krishnan (38) allegedly molested the victim Rekha (name changed). The victim then filed a complaint with the police. The matter was then transferred to the Mahila police station.Police said the victim, a resident of Sector 19, has been working as a manager in the company located in Sector 125 of Noida for the past 18 months. The accused is a resident of Arun Vihar in Noida. \"Two months ago, the accused had first tried to molest the victim after showing her porn videos. According to the complaint recorded by the victim, the accused has allegedly tried to molest the victim at least thrice ,\" said station officer of Mahila Thana, Monika Chauhan.\"The accused used to call the victim in his room and while she would be standing next to him, he would open porn videos on his laptop,\" Chauhan said. An FIR has been registered against the accused under Sections 294 (obscene acts and songs), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) and 292 (publicly exhibiting obscene things, etc) of the IPC. The accused has been arrested and further legal proceedings have begun.\"We suspect that the accused may have tried to show porn videos to other female employees or harass them sexually, so on Friday we will go to question other women employed with the company. We will also record the statement of the employees which will help us to establish the character of the accused before he is produced in court,\" Chauhan said.Police said initially the victim was reluctant to file an FIR against the accused as she was scared of the repercussions, but when women cops at the Mahila Thana convinced her that she would be safe, she decided to take the legal route.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428315", "title": "Singapore keen to invest in Odisha portfolio", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Singapore has evinced interest to create an Odisha portfolio to facilitate flow of investment from the foreign country to the state, a senior government officer said here on Thursday. International Enterprise (IE), the Singapore government agency that coordinates investments out of Singapore, is keen to initiate the portfolio.A team of Singapore business community may visit Odisha shortly to explore possibilities of association and partnership, the officer who attended the Invest Bhubaneswar Singapore symposium on Tuesday said. The public private partnership event was held in Singapore to attract investors to Odisha.The IE has also showed it interest to facilitate investments in IT &amp; ITES, particularly development of IT parks. IE is considering shifting some projects from other locations to Bhubaneswar because of cost advantage. It is also interested in manufacturing and consumer market in the field of food, health care and retail, government sources said here.Addressing the event, chief secretary B K Patnaik had assured the foreigners that Bhubaneswar will have international connectivity by March 2013. He urged international airlines to consider operating flights to and from Bhubaneswar. Patnaik also spoke about available opportunities in IT and ITES, electronic hardware, energy and infrastructure segments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "7815441", "title": "Sunil Dutt: The favourite dacoit!", "text": "The legendary Sunil Dutt who had won several accolades for his performance in Indian cinema and who was the cabinet minister for Youth Affairs and Sports in 2004-2005 played the role of dacoit in 20 Hindi films!There was an era when dacoit films became a rage with the Indian film-makers and it seems as if Sunit Dutt was their favourite dacoit.Sunit Dutt was cast in the majority of the dacoit films of Bollywood such as Pran Jaye Par Vachan Na Jaye, Mother India, Mujhe Jeene Do etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421149", "title": "Acid test for Cong manager\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s skills in Rajya Sabha floor test", "text": "NEW DELHI: UPA on Thursday was bracing for a setback in the Rajya Sabha during next week's vote on FDI in multi-brand retail, but without giving up the hope that Congress managers with their reputed \"floor management\" skills may snatch a victory from the jaws of defeat.Prime Minister Manmohan Singh was reconciled to the possibility of a defeat on the floor of the Upper House when Union Cabinet took stock of how numbers were stacked. \"We have to go through the parliamentary process,\" Singh was learnt to have remarked after some of his Cabinet colleagues said that the situation in the Rajya Sabha was precariously poised.However, sources said that the Cabinet strongly felt that an embarrassment in the Rajya Sabha was no reason for the government to back pedal. \"It is the Council of States but we have already taken care of the interests of States,\" they had said.Sources said that while commerce minister Anand Sharma was hopeful that non-BJP and non-NDA parties would see the reason, some of his colleagues \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for instance, railway minister Pawan Bansal, telecom minister Kapil Sibal and law minister Ashwini Kumar - seemed to feel that the numbers could tilt against the government.Parliamentary affairs minister Kamal Nath hoped that the win in the Lok Sabha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a certain prospect \u00e2\u20ac\u201d would generate a momentum for the government in the Upper House too, but cautioned against optimistic interpretations of the conflicting signals coming from the Samajwadi Party. A statement issued by SP chief Mulayam Singh was taken by many as having contradicted his colleague and brother Ramgopal Yadav's earlier statement declaring his party's opposition to FDI. However, Nath, striking a realistic note, emphasized that Mulayam has in public remained hewed to his opposition to FDI.But if the situation looked \"tight\", Congress was not giving up hopes on the Rajya Sabha; its optimism principally springing from the way it wriggled out of similar tough spots in the past. \"It is tough, but we are not out yet,\" said a senior Congress floor manager, a veteran of many odds-defying contests in Parliament.Sources said that the Congress was laying great emphasis on the \"secular\" logic \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a euphemism for reluctance of the parties which hope to gain Muslims' support to side with the BJP. Congress tacticians feel that although SP and BSP have opposed the decision to let in global retailers, their opposition to \"communalism\" gives them a political alibi and space for abstention which can help the BJP; even obliquely.In fact, the optimists in Congress's camp feel that even Trinamool Congress chief Mamata Banerjee, with Muslims occupying almost a quarter of the Bengal electorate and with the unease in her ranks over perception of a linkage with the BJP, may not find herself completely immune to the \"secular\" logic. \"After all, it is a political resolution \u00e2\u20ac\u201d plain and simple \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and they all have to be mindful of its consequences only in political terms. Kerala government has decided not to allow global retailers, but all the Congress MPs from the state will be voting for the government because it is a political issue,\" said a Congress leader.Congress will try another tack as well: accusing the opponents of seeking to come in the way of government's attempt to empower states to decide on a crucial reforms measure. \"It is odd that the traditional champions are hindering an initiative to enable the States to decide on which policies they want. We are not imposing any policy on any state,\" said a senior minister.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423169", "title": "Octogenarian donates 90% of pension every month", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Octogenarian Ram Sharan lives a frugal life in one of the plushest bungalow schemes in Navrangpura. At his sprawling house in River Colony, he uses just a single room which has a small, creaky cot, a wooden swing and an old TV set. On the wall, hang two sets of trousers and kurtas. This contrast that he paints with his life, is in accordance with his principle that it is a sin to spend or collect more wealth than one needs to live.Needless to say, Sharan whose son and daughter are both settled in the US, has declined all offers to go abroad. They sent him an air-ticket to the US once, but he sold it and donated the proceeds to the poor. He has chosen to limit his expenses to Rs 3,000 per month, despite receiving a pension of Rs 30,000. Sharan donates the remaining Rs 27,000 to various causes, like payment for treatment of poor patients.Sharan believes in the age old philosophy that the left hand shouldn't know what the right hand donates.He never donates money in his own name. Officials at the Institute of Kidney Diseases and Research Centre (IKDRC) know him as a saint who donates money in the name of God. \"He takes donation receipts in the name of Lord Shiva,\" says Rajesh Shah, chief accountant at IKDRC.However, due to a change in Income Tax rules which mandate specifying the name and address of the donor, with anonymous donations inviting a 30% tax, Sharan now donates the money in the names of distant relatives or people in his village who are virtually strangers to him.\"The name is immaterial. Money spent on financing the treatment of the poor is money well spent,\" says Sharan, who retired as a joint secretary in the state government.Sharan, a firm believer in God, also doles out ayurvedic and naturopathy treatments gratis, to poor patients from his house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "17421402", "title": "16 new toll barriers to come up in Punjab", "text": "JALANDHAR: People in Punjab will now have to cough up more money as 16 new toll barriers will come up in the state on the new roads in the coming days. The state already has around 15 toll barriers.Information procured under the RTI Act from Public Works Department (B&R;) has revealed that with the new barriers, almost all parts of the state would be covered including roads connecting rural areas which see a good volume of traffic.According to information provided by PWD chief engineer (B&R;), 13 out of 15 roads which already have the toll barriers have estimated cost of over Rs 622 crore. The information was sought by an activist of the Human Empowerment League Punjab (HELP).The roads which are being upgraded under Build-Operate-Transfer (BOT) terms and will have toll plaza include Ludhiana-Ferozepur Road to National Highway-1 via Ladhowal, Morinda-Kurali-Siswan up to Haryana Border Road, Kapurthala-Nakodar-Phillaur Road, Kotkapura-Muktsar Road, Batala-meta Beas Road and Tanda-Sri Hargobindpur Road.Some roads coming up along various canals will also be having toll plazas and these include Manpur Headworks to Jagraon Raikot Road along Abohar Branch, Manpur Headworks to Barnala Raikot Road along Bathinda Branch, Rayya to Khara along Sabhraon Branch, Nidampur to Lehra along Ghaggar Branch, Ropar to Doraha along Sirhind Canal and four-laning of road along Sidhwan canal, Ludhiana.Bridges at Mattewara, Dhanoya Pattan, Chakki Nadi and on Satluj near Gidarpindi will also be having these barriers. According to guidelines, a toll barrier can be at a distance of less than 20km, however, according to the concessionaire agreement, the companies have been authorized to raise another barrier at 5km if people use alternate roads to evade toll tax.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17427943", "title": "Court defers hearing on case withdrawal", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Allahabad High Court on Thursday deferred till December 17 the hearing of a PIL filed against the alleged action/proposal of the state government to withdraw criminal cases from the terrorists.In the PIL, it has been alleged that the state government is going to withdraw criminal cases from the terrorists involved in serial bomb blasts at Varanasi and attack on CRPF camp in Rampur district.This order was passed by a division bench consisting of acting Chief Justice Shiva Kirti Singh and Justice Sanjay Misra on the two PILs filed by Rakesh Srivastava alias Nyayik and Nityanand Chaubey, both residents of Varanasi.On Thursday, advocate general of the state, S P Gupta, appeared in this case and contended on behalf of the state. The court asked him to seek instructions in these PILs and place the same by the next date on December 17.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421195", "title": "Harbour line\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s 12-car plan work may begin in 15 days", "text": "MUMBAI: Here is piece of good news for Harbour line commuters. Work on creating infrastructure to run 12-car services on Harbour line is expected to begin in a fortnight as the state government is likely to issue a government resolution (GR) declaring financial support for the project.The Rs 714-crore project has suffered months of delays as the state government had failed to issue a GR or give written commitment to fund the project on a 50:50 basis. Mumbai Rail Vikas Corporation (MRVC), which is the implementing agency for the project, had finalized the tenders to begin the work in October 2012. However, contractors were not awarded work because of uncertainty over funding.A senior state government official said, \"We will issue the GR by November 30 as chief minister Prithviraj Chavan has already cleared the file.\"In its November 7 and November 13 edition, TOI had reported that MRVC had expressed apprehensions about lapsing of validity of the tender in December, if the GR is not issued. MRVC officials said that once the GR is issued, work contracts to successful bidders can be issued within seven days. A senior official said, \"Contractors will then take at least nearly 10 days to mobilize workers and machinery at the site. We are hopeful that the work can begin around December 15-20.\"The project, which is likely to take three years to complete, includes works like extension of platforms, remodelling of Chhatrapati Shivaji Terminus yard, replacement of signals and OHE-related work.On November 24, TOI had reported that City and Industrial Development Corporation (CIDCO) had approved the funding for the project in its board meeting. The resolution was than forwarded to the urban development department, headed by the CM.An MRVC official said, \"While CIDCO will only provide funds for the stations in the eastern suburbs or island city, the work to create similar infrastructure on Harbour line stations on Western Railway will be funded by MMRDA.The project was approved in the 2012-13 railway budget, following a request by former CM Ashok Chavan in 2009.CST-Wadala services may halt for workCR will have to shut down Harbour line services between CST and Wadala Road for a couple of days to undertake remodelling of the yard to allow extension of platforms to acc8o8m88modate 12-car trains at CST. If the work had begun in October 2012, CR would have taken the block du8ring Diwali holidays. CR and MRVC will now have to look for a period coinciding with public holidays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17424809", "title": "Staff crunch hits libraries in DK district", "text": "MANGALORE: Government libraries in Belthangady, Mulky and other rural areas of Dakshina Kannada are reeling under staff shortage. Some days some of the libraries don't even open as there is no staff to run it. The coastal district has 217 government libraries.The ones most hit are rural students. While students in cities turn to the net for information, their counterparts in rural areas, with limited access to the internet, turn to government libraries for added information.Chinmay Rai, an LLB student, says that if the library is closed even for just a few hours it is setback for students, particularly during exam times. \"Rural students not only visit libraries to refer books, but also to study as the atmosphere is calm. Libraries should remain open on all days,\" he added. Vinay S, a II PU student, feels the government should employ sufficient staff for libraries to function smoothly.According to a source in the district library department, of the 34 sanctioned posts in the department 19 are vacant from years. Belthangady and Mulki have just one person taking care of the libraries. Due to shortage of staff, the department has recruited temporary employees for a salary of Rs 2,250 per month.An officer on condition of anonymity said, \"Since the salary of temporary employees is low, they quit soon and then it becomes very difficult to keep the libraries open.\"Venkatesha CJ, chief librarian of DCL, told TOI that every year since the past four years, the department has been sending proposals to the government to fill the vacant posts. \"Though there is shortage of staff, we try and keep libraries open on all days except public holidays,\" he added.Staff shortage may hit DCL hard. A source said that two of the employees in the department will retire within four months. The vacant posts include library assistants, second division clerk, typist and library attenders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17421385", "title": "Foes no more: Amarinder, Malwinder seen bonding at shooting event", "text": "PATIALA: Almost 10 months after PPCC chief Amarinder Singh and Malwinder Singh parted ways with Malwinder joining the Shiromani Akali Dal , the brothers were seen sharing a stage at the inauguration of the second Asian Shotgun Shooting Championship at the Moti Bagh palace in the Gun Club Area. They also took a walk together.The duo said that their political differences had not seeped into their personal lives. \"We are against each other only politically. But in personal and family functions we meet each other, interact with each other and discuss personal matters. Even after joining SAD I made it clear that I won't take anyone saying anything against my brother Amarinder,\" Malwinder said.On being asked how he feels about parting ways with his elder brother and the Congress, Malwinder said he had been ignored in the SAD after the Punjab assembly elections.\"Before I joined, the Capt warned me against relying on Punjab chief minister Parkash Singh Badal saying that he is a shrewd politician. However, I did not heed his warning, which, I now think, was for my benefit,\" said Malwinder. He refused to reply when asked if he planned to leave the SAD and re-join the Congress.Capt Amarinder Singh also said he respected his younger sibling. \"Malwinder joined the SAD willingly. I am no one to comment about his decision. But he is my younger brother and nothing can change that. We have been in touch, but only as brothers not as politicians,\" he said when asked if he felt his brother's shift to SAD was a blunder.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421288", "title": "Uttar Pradesh assembly's winter session extended to December 6", "text": "LUCKNOW: The winter session of the Uttar Pradesh assembly, which was scheduled to end on November 30, has now been extended till December 6.A decision to this effect was taken by the business advisory committee of the House on Thursday. There will be no sitting of the House on Friday, which was fixed as per the agenda set earlier by the BAC. The notices and the business set for the day would now be taken up on December 4. The house will have its sitting on December 5.Announcing this on the floor of the House, speaker Mata Prasad said that there would be no sitting on December 6 on account of a holiday. While giving no indication for further extension of the House, he said that any decision about this would be taken at the next meeting of the business advisory committee.Notably, the decision to extend the House was taken by the government under pressure of the opposition, which jointly put up a demand for this through various protests and demonstrations within the House on its opening day on November 23. It may be recalled that the BJP had even sat on the well of the House after its adjournment for the day on November 23 and insisted on the extension of the session, saying that the short session is not enough to raise issues concerning to the people. The BJP lifted its dharna only after its members were persuaded for this by speaker himself, who also assured them to look into their demand.Vidhan Sabha sources said that the speaker made a suggestion to this effect to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav , who quickly accepted it and conceded to extend the session to honour the sentiments of the opposition.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421169", "title": "Govt officials, business bosses to discuss potential of tier-II cities", "text": "LUCKNOW: Government authorities and industry captains will come together to discuss development potential of tier-II cities like Lucknow at a forum titled 'Samvit', which would be organised by the Indian Institute of Management, Lucknow on Saturday.The government's perspective on the topic will be put forth by commissioner of the National Jute Board, Atri Bhattacharya, a 1989 batch IAS officer of West Bengal cadre.The perspective on the role of private equity and entrepreneurship will be provided by Indranil Deb, principal at Mobius Strip Capital Advisors. Likewise, Kishore Chakraborti, author and vice-president, McCann Erickson, will provide insights on the new Indian consumer.According to a McKinsey study, India will add 270 million people to its workforce by 2030. This additional workforce is India's much-talked about 'demographic dividend', a phenomenon that is sure to contribute significantly to India's growth.\"However, in order to take advantage of this young workforce, India must add employment at a rapid rate. India's traditional engines of job creation, the Category X cities of Bangalore, Chennai, Delhi, Hyderabad, Kolkata and Mumbai are overburdened, with poor quality infrastructure and rising cost of living,\" said an IIM professor.The population pressure on these cities is overwhelming and completely unsustainable. According to the study, India needs to have 68 cities with a population of 1 million plus by 2030, up from 42 today.The country also needs to see the number of people living in cities rise to 590 million from 340 million.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17424243", "title": "Books now beckon brides as well", "text": "PATNA: Gone are the days when a young woman on the cusp of getting married would not think of anything else but the life within the four walls of her in-laws' home. Times have changed, and education has become equally important to many of them with marriage coming only as a slight pause and not as a full stop in their academic pursuits.Parineeta Kumari of Hanuman Nagar in Kankerbagh had to abandon her studies due to her marriage in 2009. Then a BA part II student, she is now doing postgraduation from B N College. \"Thanks to my husband Nitish Kumar , a magistrate currently posted in Gaya, I resumed my studies a year after tying the knot,\" she chuckled.Not that her in-laws did not raise eyebrows over Parineeta's wish to resume studies. However, her man came to her rescue and supported her. \"I used to get up at 4am to finish household chores so that I could reach my college at 8 in the morning... But now I can sense a change in the attitude of my in-laws who have kind of accepted me with my studies apparently seeing my determination and hard work,\" she said.After postgraduation, Parineeta will do BEd. \"I want to pursue a career as a teacher preferably in the school where my little daughter will study,\" she said.Payal Kumari also had to bid bye to her studies just after doing +2 because of her marriage. After full eight years, however, Payal is back in the company of books, doing BA in sociology through distance education from Magadh University. She was lucky because, unlike Parineeta, it was not only husband Yogesh Singh but also her in-laws who supported her decision to resume studies.\"Financial well-being is the main concern,\" Payal said and added she did not see a very bright future for the beauty parlour that she runs in Deoghar. Like Parineeta, Payal also aspires to teach in the school in which her 9-year-old son Yash studies.Richa Ranjan, for whom the wedding bells will ring early next month, was bold enough to ask her groom-to-be when he came to see her if she would be allowed to continue her studies. Not only did the State Bank of India employee nod in the affirmative but also promised his bride-to-be, a final year PG student of English of Patna University, to coach her for competitive exams.Businesswoman Malika Singh pointed out marriages ceased to be the end of road for women eyeing financial independence long back. \"The trend started in early 1990s,\" Singh, who runs a boys a hostel in Kankerbagh, said and recalled she obtained a bachelor's degree in science way back in 1993 post her marriage.Speaking about the trend, Hetukar Jha, ex-HoD of sociology, Patna University, said, \"Today's women have obtained a space for themselves which men are comfortable with. It's not only about enhanced income for the family but also about the fact that educated women are better homemakers.\"Mohammad Hussain of Hamsafar Marriage Bureau said, \"Grooms look for a complete package - who could share the financial burden and on whose education they need not spend money. Brides look for ties that do not require them to make any sacrifice.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424105", "title": "HUDA pushes for Dwarka e-way", "text": "GURGAON: In order to put the construction of Dwarka expressway on the fast track, Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) has decided to give alternative plots to residents whose houses are coming in the way of the road in upcoming Sector 110 A. HUDA has already acquired the land for this purpose and is in the process of drawing up a layout plan.,The civic agency has acquired 50 acres of land in the sector which will be given to owners of 300 houses in Palam Vihar and Kherki Dhaula. Around three kilometres of Dwarka Expressway, also known as Northern Peripheral Road (NPR), lies between Palam Vihar and Kherki Dhaula.,These 300 houses are coming in the way of the construction of the 150-metre-wide road. Earlier, when the land acquisition department of the Haryana government asked people to vacate their homes for new development, the house owners approached Punjab and Haryana high court for relief.,After this, the high court issued a stay order on acquiring the land forcefully. Besides that, the court directed HUDA and owners to sit together and find an amicable solution. After all the negotiations, HUDA offered plots to the house owners in Sector 47, but the house owners demanded that they should be given land to the existing areas and the compensation should be based on present market rate.-Now, HUDA has offered plots in Sector 110 A. Praveen Kumar, HUDA administrator, said, \"The work on Dwarka expressway will soon be completed. The department has already acquired land.\",He added that issues like shifting of high tension cable and other minor works would soon be addressed.,Dwarka Expressway can't be made functional until all the ongoing litigation cases are resolved and. At present, out of a total length of 18 kilometres work is happening on a 14-kilometre stretch. Construction work is hampered by a host of issues including legal cases.,NPR is being built under the public private partnership (PPP) model and will connect Dwarka in Delhi with National Highway 8 at Kherki Dhaula. ,The project has already missed two deadlines. Initially, the plan was to complete the road by March 2012, but it was later extended till September 30. No new deadline has been announced in the recent past.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421831", "title": "Mob batters cops in Garden Reach in Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: The Garden Reach area turned into a battleground on Thursday as a mob battled police for seven hours over a tiff at a musical concert the previous night.Thirty policemen, including the deputy commissioner, port division, were injured. Twenty police vehicles were wrecked and the Nadial police station and Metiabruz traffic guard ransacked. The mob pushed a police van 100 metres to topple it into the Ganga but abandoned it when the wheels got stuck in the sand.It took waves of lathicharges and tear gas shells to break up the mob. In the evening, senior officers held a meeting with local politicians and elders to restore peace in the area.The problem broke out over a soiree organised by some residents in Warishnagar area of Nadial on Wednesday night. Around 9.30pm, the Nadial police station got a call from a resident who complained about the noise.A police patrol went to the venue and requested the organizers to turn down the sound systems. Initially, the organizers agreed and lowered the volume. But soon after the police left, the organizers allegedly turned up the volume again.Around 10.30pm, the Lalbazar police control room received a call from a resident that the \"noisy concert\" was going on beyond permissible hours.The control room asked Nadial police station to take action. Police once again went to concert and switched off all microphones. A minor altercation broke out between police and the organizers but nothing much happened.In the morning, around 10am, a group of locals from Warishnagar went to the police station and demanded to know the names of the complainants. The officers refused to disclose it. Within minutes a mob surged towards the police station.One group blocked the Ramnagar Road at Badartala bus stand, but the other larger group turned violent. Hundreds barged into Nadial police station and attacked the policemen, who fought back hard. Furious, they veered off to the adjacent Metiabruz traffic guard and ransacked it. All the glass panes of police vehicles were smashed.As the mob swelled to a few thousand, the outnumbered policemen sent desperate calls for reinforcements. By then the Nadial OC's car had been overturned and the mob was pushing a van towards the river.DC-port Mehboob Akhter arrived with forces from neighbouring police stations but they were pushed back by fierce brickbatting. It was only when RAF joined the battle that the policemen started moving forward and charged the mob with batons.With bricks raining down hard, the police resorted to tear gas. Finally, around 5pm, the police managed to get a hold on the situation and the mob dispersed.Later, additional CP-I Sudhir Mishra and joint CP (armed police) S K Gazmer called community leaders for a peace meeting. \"More than 30 policemen, including the DC-port were injured in the brick batting,\" said a senior officer. In the evening, after discussion with local leaders, the situation improved but a huge force has been deployed to avert any further problem. Nine persons have been arrested for the violence, said the DC-port.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423062", "title": "Missing woman found murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: A housewife, who went missing on Wednesday afternoon, was found murdered with her throat slit in bushes at Chandrapuri Colony, Alwal, on Thursday morning. All her ornaments were missing.The Alwal police said Sahu Bai, 28, a resident of Balaji Nagar, Chandrapuri Colony, left her residence to give tiffin to her son, studying at the nearby FGR School on Wednesday afternoon.However, she did not return home even by night. Sahu Bai's husband Dattatreya went in search of her and finally found her body in the bushes on an open plot.\"Dattatreya informed us about the murder. Sahu Bai's throat was found slit and nearly Rs 18,000 worth ornaments on her went missing,\" Alwal in-charge inspector Guruwa Reddy said.Hailing from Maharashtra, Dattatreya's family came to the city in search of livelihood. Dattatreya works at a bakery at Abids.A case of murder-for-gain was registered.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421180", "title": "MMRDA wants former chief secretary to pay up Rs 1.15 lakh dues", "text": "MUMBAI: The MMRDA has written to the chief secretary (CS) asking him to direct state information commissioner Ratnakar Gaikwad to pay the dues for the facilities he used between January 2011 and May 2012. According to an RTI query, former MMRDA commissioner Gaikwad owes the agency Rs 1.33 lakh towards various utilities like telephone, internet and gas at his official residence, Jetwan, after he was transferred to Mantralaya as the CS.The RTI query, filed by Anil Galgali, reveals that MMRDA had sent a notice-cum-letter to Gaikwad asking him to pay the dues for using facilities usage for over a year. MMRDA officials said Gaikwad was not entitled to these facilities because he was the CS but continued to stay in the agency's accommodation. Upon receiving the notice, Gaikwad paid Rs 15,500 against the phone bill, but his present office as state information commissioner has refused to pay the remaining Rs 1.15 lakh and has stated that he was also chief of MMRDA's executive committee during his posting as CS.Galgali said that several urban development department officials have tried to close the matter. The latest letter to the CS quotes the MMRDA Act and its resolution 1,158 of March 4, 2010 that states that the agency's new quarters are free of rent and electricity only for metropolitan commissioner, joint metropolitan commissioner and additional metropolitan commissioner.MMRDA's top brass indicated that in the past, the agency had not extended any such benefit to its officers who had moved out or transferred. Galgali said, \"I have appealed to the CM and asked him to direct his officers to not interfere in the matter and go by the rules. Several bureaucrats are putting pressure on the MMRDA to close the matter. This could set a dangerous precedent.\"Calling it an attempt to defame him, Gaikwad said, \"A CS is entitled to unlimited telephone calls, internet facility and no rent. Since on promotion as a CS, there was no assigned accommodation at that time, I was allowed to stay in the MMRDA accommodation with the CM's approval. My bills have been rightly paid by MMRDA since I was also chairman of the agency's executive committee. MMRDA is raining the issue 17 months after my tenure as a CS. If not the MMRDA, the government should pay these bills.\"Accusing MMRDA chief Rahul Asthana of trying to personal score, Gaikwad said, \"I have requested the government to take action against him and will also sue him for defamation.\" Gaikwad said that Asthana was targetting him because as a CS, he had pulled up the MMRDA chief for non-performance. \"This is an attempt to single me out with ulterior motives. Last month. I met the CM, who has instructed officials to pay the MMRDA. If the MMRDA wanted to claim reimbursements, it should have sent the bills to the CS office and not to me,\" he said.On Thursday, the Bombay HC granted the state further three weeks to reply to a PIL challenging the appointment of Ratnakar Gaikwad as the chief state information commissioner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421273", "title": "UP govt to hold 3-day Kisan fest in every district", "text": "LUCKNOW: Agriculture production commissioner (APC) Alok Ranjan said that a three-day Kisan Mahotsav would be organised all districts of the state in order to provide information to the farmers about various farmers oriented government schemes being run for them in the state. He said that besides agriculture, information about schemes being run by other government departments like animal husbandry, horticulture, fisheries, sericulture, minor irrigation, rural development etc would also be given to the farmers.Traders seek more time: Traders' leader Chandra Kumar Chhabra in a letter sent to petroleum minister has demanded increase in the time of KYC (know your customer) for LPG consumers for one more month. He has also requested the minister to make the process simple and consumer-friendly. He said that in the state capital alone about 30%-40% consumers have not been able to complete the KYC process, therefore LPG consumers should be given a month's time to enable them to complete the KYC process.International meet of chief justices: City Montessori School, Lucknow is organising 13{+t}{+h} international conference of chief justices of the world from December 7 to December 10 at CMS Kanpur Road auditorium. Around 200 chief justices, judges of supreme and constitutional court, legal luminaries and renowned peace promoters from over 66 countries of the world are expected to attend the conference.Association thanks CM: UP PCS Association (Administrative Branch) has expressed its gratitude to chief minister Akhilesh Yadav and senior leaders of the Samajwadi Party for promoting several PCS cadre officers to the IAS cadre. Sriprakash Singh, secretary of UP Prantiya Civil Sewa Sangh said that the SP government has also granted selection grade and highest pay scales to PCS cadre officers. He said that now it is the responsibility of PCS officers to do their utmost in implementing the people oriented schemes of the government with honesty and dedication.Photo exhibition held: A photo exhibition was organised at State Lalit Kala Academy on Thursday, which was inaugurated by Prof Jai Krishna Agarwal, former principal, Arts College Lucknow. Federation International De Art Photography, France conferred international photography honour to the photographs of Rupak De, principal chief conservator of forests, Subir Roy and Aruna Singh.Rail Mela: Uttar Railway Mahila Kalyan Sangathan is organising a three-day Rail Mela-2012 at Railway Stadium, Charbagh from Friday. Mala Rai, president of the sangathan said that this mela is being organised to financially help the needy family members of railway employees.Health camp: Hindustan Aeronautics Ltd (HAL), Accessories Division, Lucknow, under its corporate social responsibility organised a mega health camp at village Bania Kheda gram panchayat, Katauli, Malihabad. More than 700 villagers were examined by a team of doctors and para-medical staff of HAL Hospital and medicines were given to them free of cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421377", "title": "Ace cancer surgeon pays Rs 50,000 fine for negligence", "text": "MUMBAI: Eminent cancer surgeon of Bombay Hospital Dr PB Desai has moved the Supreme Court against the Bombay high court ruling that upheld his conviction in a 25-year-old medical negligence case. However, the doctor recently deposited the Rs 50,000 fine imposed on him by a metropolitan magistrate in July 2011 as his deadline for its payment expired in November 19 with no extension or stay from the SC.He also informed a magistrate that he was willing to and underwent his simple imprisonment \"till the rising of the court\" on November 20 at Esplanade court.The surgeon was held guilty of negligence in a case of a cancer patient Leela Singhi, wife of ex-IAS officer PC Singhi. She had been admitted to Bombay Hospital in December 1987 as a patient under Dr Desai's name by his junior Dr AK Mukherjee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427592", "title": "Asha Kirana - a ray of hope for AIDS victims", "text": "Better healthcare and increased awareness have helped control the spread of HIV/AIDS, once feared as an epidemic, according to doctors attending to AIDS victims at the Asha Kirana Hospital here, Karnataka's only specialised hospital for treating the disease that has 6,400 registered cases from the state at present .The vulnerability of rural masses, however, remains high.In 2006, UNAIDS estimated that there were 5.6 million people with AIDS in India. In 2008, the figure was confirmed to be 2.5 million.Recent estimates have indicated that AIDS control strategies have worked, and that the number of victims has fallen.In Karnataka, after the first AIDS case was detected in 1988, there was an enormous surge in the incidence of the virus.Poverty and infection from other states bordering Karnataka were held to blame.The first AIDS case in the country was detected in Tamil Nadu in 1986.The National AIDS Control Organisation (NACO) and several other voluntary groups have been actively working to contain the spread of the disease and prove better diagnostic tools and preventive measures.According to NACO, southern India and the northeastern states have a higher prevalence of AIDS, with Karnataka reporting that 0.63 percent - 500,000 - of its population is infected.In Karnataka, the country's only specialised hospital for the HIV/AIDS victims is Mysore's Asha Kirana, which has helped thousands of victims.\"If you want to see light in their eyes and feel hope in the hearts of people programmed to death as victims of HIV/AIDS, Asha Kirana, the only institution of its type in the country, is the place to visit,\" says Mysore's social activist Mukta Gupta.Constructed on a sprawling green patch that is home to thousands of chirping birds in Mysore's Hebbal industrial area, Asha Kirana evolved as a fully-equipped hospital in 2004.It is recognised today as a major reference point on the healthscape of Karnataka.A dream project of Mysore's leading paediatrician S.N. Mothi, Asha Kirana has helped thousands of AIDS victims over the years to lead a dignified life with their self esteem restored through countless sessions of counselling and healthcare.Mothi said: \"This was one untouched territory no one wanted to enter due to social stigma and other critical health issues. When we started years ago no one believed what we have achieved could be done. The number of AIDS victims was increasing and there was real danger that if not controlled through creating awareness and educating family members of the victims, the problem could really get out of hand. Today, the incidence is plateauing.\"Government facilities are inadequate and often not available when needed most.\"We tell patients and their families that like diabetes or hypertension, AIDS too has to be managed with proper planning, medicare and safe sex,\" the doctor says.Ramanna, 42, (name changed) a patient at the hospital, says: \"I was terribly shaken when I tested positive. I thought life had ended for me. But someone from my village referred me here, and I now have regained my confidence and do some useful work.\"Mahadeva, another patient, recalls how he was ostracised by his village community. \"I suffered for months, but I've learnt a few things here and life goes on,\" he says.\"We teach people how to cope with the disease,\" says Mothi, adding: \"The biggest problem is that people discontinue medicines; we need to keep counselling patients, and that is a lifelong process.\"\"Of the 162 pregnant mothers admitted, 160 delivered normal, HIV-negative babies. Only two had HIV/AIDS positive babies. The situation might have been far worse without the care patients receive here,\" K.S. Gururaj, a trustee of Asha Kirana, said.\"Pregnant women with AIDS normally have 30 per cent chance of passing on the disease, we want to bring this down to less than five per cent as better medications are now available,\" Gururaj said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426711", "title": "More Indian women dependent on alcohol", "text": "The 33-year-old married woman from Chandigarh had never imagined that her excessive clubbing and partying would one day push her to the brink of suicide. But it did.She was not the only one. In an increasing trend of urban women taking to alcohol to cope with everyday stresses as societal norms ease, a 28-year-old woman working as a senior executive in a property broking firm in Mumbai also developed suicidal tendencies.What started for both the Bacchus lovers as socialising, ended up in drink dependence and pushed them into the infamous club of over 14 million alcohol consumers in the country who require help. Though there are no exact figures of how many of these are women, the trend is clear.The Mumbai woman ran up a debt of Rs25 lakh (Rs2.5 million) and attempted suicide due to her \"unmanageable\" life and depression. The Chandigarh woman showed addiction- related suicidal tendencies after a turbulent married life, extra-marital affairs and a failed patch-up bid with her husband.The two are now trying to get a grip over their lives and move away from drink dependence, with some help from de-addiction experts who say they needed to be cared like brain patients who don't know how to prevent themselves from returning to the old habit despite being aware of its perils.But their difficult phase is over, says NGO Tulasi Home's consultant doctor Goruv Gupta. \"Realising or accepting that one needs help is the toughest part of getting over the drink dependence problem.\"Sociologist Sachin Kumar, associated with Alcoholics Anonymous , said: \"Intoxication by women in some communities has existed for time immemorial. Traditionally, it has been a collective activity but in modern times the incidence of individual drinking has shown a rise.\"The social checks or restraint that used to prescribe the limit of alcohol consumption in older times have faded over the years, leading to worst forms of drink dependence among both men and women, he said.According to a 2009 article in journal The Lancet, Indians, officially, are still among the world's lowest consumers of alcohol - government statistics show only 21 percent of adult men and around two percent of women drink. But up to a fifth of this group - about 14 million people - are dependent drinkers requiring \"help\".\"Addiction is a chronic, relapsing disease, characterised by compulsive alcohol seeking and use, and by neurochemical and molecular changes in the brain,\" said Gupta.For women drinkers, the news is worse than for men.Gupta warned that alcohol addiction was more harmful for a woman's body as compared to a man; in a woman, alcohol tends to induce permanent hormonal changes in the body, making rehabilitation more difficult.The problem of shortage of de-addiction centres was also more acute for women.Ruchika Kumari, who works at several private de-addiction centres in Delhi, agreed: \"Alcohol addiction is considered to carry a bigger social stigma for women as compared to men and the challenge of weaning away is tougher for them due to shortage of fully-equipped centres.\"\"Families need to leave the women dependent drinkers at de-addiction centre's for medical aid and counselling and this needs a lot of faith in the facility,\" she said.\"Most people prefer private facilities as they score over the government sector in terms of security, hygiene and quality of treatment.\"She revealed that there was no particular age bracket for women drinkers. \"At our centre in south Delhi, we have women from 48 years to 28 years seeking counselling.\"The service that private centres offer to get rid of dependence comes at a price.A six-week rehabilitation procedure in some of the high-end centres in Delhi costs around Rs1 lakh (Rs100,000). In Delhi alone there are over three dozen NGO-run, private and government facilities that offer help to people with drink dependence.Gupta warned against ill-trained quacks offering help to dependent drinkers and ending up traumatising the patient.\"I have seen a case where a patient was sent by his family to a private facility in Haryana and there he was tortured, stripped and humiliated in the name of de-addiction,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17423010", "title": "Man jailed for raping minor niece", "text": "NAGPUR: District and additional sessions judge GJ Akarte sentenced a man to seven years of rigorous imprisonment for raping his 16-year-old niece. The accuse was also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000.Sheetal Kawde (27), charged for raping by Dhantoli police, was convicted on the basis of circumstantial and corroborative evidences while the victim's father Ajay Agrawal, co-accused in the case, was acquitted.According to the police, Meenal (name changed) was repeatedly raped by Kawde. The matter came to light when Meenal got pregnant. She approached the police following which her father was arrested. However, later Kawde's involvement came to fore and police arrested him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "keonjhar", "code": "17428184", "title": "Trees cut down to run school kitchen in Keonjhar", "text": "Keonjhar: Every year lakhs of trees are allegedly being cut down in the district to keep the hearth of state government-run SC/ST residential schools burning. It also includes the firewood used for mid-day meal in primary schools, also a government scheme. And the worst thing is that the firewood is procured illegally from locals.There are about 85 schools being run by the SC/ST development, minorities and backward classes department. Besides, there are hundreds of low-cost hostels with around 50 students each in the district. The total comes to around 300 which include schools where mid-day meals are prepared. If 10 bundles of firewood are spent in a school daily, then the sum total of 3,000 bundles raises many eyebrows. Each bundle costs anything between Rs 35 and Rs 55, sources said.Environmentalists have question use of firewood for cooking purpose despite restriction on felling of trees in the district.Sources said though some schools were provided cooking gas, it has not been put to use. \"Cooking gas is not being used on grounds of safety and high transportation cost of LPG cylinders,\" said B Sahu, district welfare officer, Keonjhar. There is no provision for supply of firewood by the forest department and the schools make their own arrangements, he added. The government spends Rs 1.20 lakh per month on food in the district.The forest department is aware of the practice. \"It is a sensitive issue and alternative arrangements should be made. We will take it up with the department ,\" said A K Jena, divisional forest officer, Keonjhar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423212", "title": "Abhay Gandhi case: Investigator shunted", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Investigator of the multi-crore Abhay Gandhi ponzi scam, Nirlipt Rai, assistant commissioner of police (crime branch), was transferred out on Thursday, just two months after being posted in this agency.Probation period of Rai, an IPS officer of 2010 batch, had ended in October and this was his first posting. Till date, state cadre police officers had occupied this post of ACP (crime) of Ahmedabad. Rai was the first IPS officer to be posted in this position.Gandhi had been arrested by the crime branch from the Ahmedabad airport recently and handed over to the Satellite police. Police commissioner S K Saikia, later handed over the probe to Rai. During investigation Rai unearthed the involvement of 6,000 investors and extortionists in the scam.\"This list included the names of some senior politicians and top cops. Rai's transfer came right when the police officer was ready to summon the suspects. Rai had also approached RBI and income tax department for assistance in probing this case of financial fraud,\" said a senior cop of the city.Rai has now been posted as the sub-divisional police officer of Sarkhej, while his post in the crime branch remains vacant. Deputy superintendent of police R K Patel, who was the sub divisional police officer of Sarkhej till date, has been transferred to state intelligence bureau. A source in the office of director general of police, Gujarat, said: \"Patel is an accused in the Tulsiram Prajapati case and has a chargesheet against him. That is why we chose to remove him to a non-executive post.\"A source in the city police commissioner's office said, \"Since the investigation into the ponzi scam is in a critical stage, it is best in the interest of all that Rai continues his probe. To enable him to carry on investigating this case, we will make an application to the DGP seeking permission to allow Rai to continue investigating the Abhay Gandhi case.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17422720", "title": "To date, no proven health issue over mobile use, but studies differ", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17427324", "title": "Police arrests five, recover pistols", "text": "SANGRUR: Dhuri police of district Sangrur has arrested five persons and has recovered three pistols from them. A Case under arms act has been registered against them.Sangrur SSP Harcharan Singh Bhullar said \"on a tip off Dhuri police on Friday arrested Gurpreet Singh, Balraj Singh, Harmesh Kumar, Raj Kumar and Kuldeep Singh from near drain of village Benra in Dhuri.Police also recovered pistol 315 bore with 3 live cartridges from Harmesh Kumar, 315 bore pistol with 3 cartridges from Balraj Singh, 12 bore pistol with 2 cartridges from Gurpreet Singh\" He said the arrested persons were in planning to strike somewhere in the area. Police also recovered Uno car from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17422718", "title": "Illegal gun used to shoot Siolim panch: Police", "text": "MAPUSA: Police investigating the Siolim panch shooting case have said that the gun used in the attack was without licence and was purchased by the accused from a Bihari, six years ago.Sodiem-Siolim panch Amey Harmalkar, 23, was shot at by Tukaram Khorjuvenkar and Sachin Khorjuvenkar from Camurlim on Sunday night. Harmalkar was at Camurlim with his friend Sachin Hirawale at the time of incident. There were no previous offences booked against the accused duo, while the panch member was booked previously in many cases of assault.Police sources said that during the incident both the groups were under the influence of alcohol which may have triggered the episode. Harmalkar, has bullet injuries on his hand and abdomen. Police said there was a single bullet in the gun used to fire at Harmalkar. \"Both the injuries were of the same bullet, it was a single shot,\" a police source said.\"The gun was without licence and the duo will further be booked under the Arms Act,\" police sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424309", "title": "Headmaster kills self over demotion", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 38-year-old private middle school headmaster allegedly committed suicide by hanging at his residence in Puliyakulam on Wednesday evening because he was demoted.The deceased has been identified as F John Britto of Puliyakulam. He was a headmaster at a private middle school at Kaliampudur in Erode district. He was a habitual drunkard and was irregular in attendance. Consequently, the school management demoted John Britto recently to school teacher. Depressed over his demotion, he began consuming more alcohol.His wife J Rani, a private school teacher advised him to quit drinking and she left for school on Wednesday. Their two children had also left for school. On Wednesday, when John Britto was alone at home, he took the extreme step. When his wife, J Rani returned home, she found the door locked from inside. When she opened one of the windows, she saw her husband hanging. Ramanathapuram police was notified and they rushed to the spot. The body was sent to CMCH for post mortem. The police have registered a case and a detailed investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "17421450", "title": "4 critical as bus carrying 40 students plunges downhill in Himachal", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: Four students of Himachal Pradesh Central University sustained grievous injuries, and some others minor, when the bus carrying 40 of them met with an accident on Thursday morning. The bus, which was carrying students from their hostels to the university campus, plunged downhill when the driver lost control of it and jumped out.The accident took place near the Gaggal airport, about 30kms from the university campus at Shahpur. The driver was apparently over speeding and hit the bus against a Tempo. As the vehicle spun out of control, the driver abandoned it. \"When the driver jumped out, I thought no one inside the bus was going to survive. Luckily, a tree broke the bus's fall, stopping it from plunging into a rivulet flowing further down,\" claimed Rohit, one of the injured students.\"The driver was over speed. We don't think the bus brakes were properly serviced,\" said Suhsil, another injured student.The university officials, who had reached the spot and visited the injured in hospital, assured scrutiny of all security measures and special care of vehicles carrying students. \"Our first priority is to take care of our students. We would definitely look into the lapses and ensure that security measures are in place,\" said Furqan Qamar, the university vice-chancellor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425360", "title": "Panchamasali community plans protest", "text": "HUBLI: The government should include Panchamasali community into category 2A as most of the people from the community do not have good education, employment and other social status, said seer Jayamrutyunjaya swamiji of Panchamasali Peetha of Kudalasangam.He told reporters in Haveri on Thursday that a protest will be held in front of Suvarna Vidhana Soudha during the winter session on December 7 to pressurize the government to take immediate action. They will stage a padayatra from Bagewadi to Belgaum, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17420976", "title": "Easow at the altar of Jimmy's memories", "text": "KOCHI: When 62-year-old Easowkutty Abraham decided to visit sacred destinations in Europe in early October, he firmly believed that the trip would not be complete if he misses out one very special place. The tall man from Uthimoodu, near Ranni in Pathanamthitta, was a close friend of legendary volleyball player Jimmy George. Thus Easow, his wife Kunjumol Easow and nephew Fr Joseph Daniel travelled to Montichiari, in the province of Brescia, where an indoor stadium is dedicated in the name of Jimmy.\"Montichiari is very close to Carpenedolo, where the car accident took place on November 30, 1987. I have been planning this trip for sometime but finally I managed to reach there. It was great feeling to see the stadium bearing our own Jimmy's name in faraway Italy. The visit gave me great satisfaction,\" Easow told TOI from Uthimoodu.\"We took a train from Milan to Brescia, which is some 150km away. We spent some hours there and walked inside of the indoor stadium and met some four or five fans who saw Jimmy during his heydays in Italy. It was a wonderful evening and I will never forget the trip,\" Easow added.Easow, himself a volleyball player during his college days, played for Kerala University in the early seventies and was the captain of Kollam district team in 1972. His friendship with Jimmy started way back in 1973 when both of them attended a Kerala University coaching camp at TKM Engineering College in Kollam.\"Jimmy was such a great friend. He was gentle, humble and a noble character. I have never seen him fighting with someone. Even after becoming a professional player in the Middle East and then in Italy, he used to come to my house when he landed in Kerala,\" he recalled.Easow said volleyball fans in Italy still visit Carpendolo to pay floral tributes to Jimmy. \"We spoke to a player called Lorenzo who played with Jimmy in the Italian club Trevisco and he was delighted to know we travelled all the way from Kerala to visit the stadium in Brescia and Carpendolo. He praised Jimmy in half-Italian and half-English,\" the businessman from Uthimoodu added.On Friday, Easow and his wife will attend Jimmy's 25th death anniversary functions at the Jimmy George Volleyball Stadium, Peravoor and share the experience of his visit with Jimmy's friends.Though Easow visited most of the holy destinations in Europe during his trip, it was the trip to Brescia that he holds close to his heart.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17422030", "title": "Japan International Co-operation Agency promises support for Kochi Metro", "text": "KOCHI: The talks held between 13-member Japan International Co-operation Agency (JICA) fact finding team with officials of the Kochi Metro Rail Ltd (KMRL) and Delhi Metro Rail Corporation's (DMRC) have started on a positive note with the former offering assistance for the Metro on Thursday.Speaking to the media after the meeting held at KMRL premises, Takeshi Fukayama, senior consultant, Mitsubishi Research Institute Japan, and a member of the JICA team said that they were ready to provide institutional, financial and technological help to KMRL.\"We have understood that KMRL is keen on going ahead with the project,\" he said.The discussions were on financial aspect, land acquisition, technical aspect, procurement and tender packaging aspects of the Metro project. The state government is looking to secure a Rs 2,170 crore loan from JICA at an interest rate of 1.4%. The JICA loan is to be repaid within 30 years.Principal advisor E Sreedharan said that JICA experts had expressed their satisfaction over DMRC's technology. KMRL's managing director Elias George, district collector P I Sheik Pareeth and other senior officials were also involved in talks which discussed the revised detailed project report.Clarifications were given on the technical aspects of the project at the meeting. Assurance was also given on completing the project within the stipulated time, Sreedharan said. \"They wanted clarifications on projected number of commuters, various stages of tenders and technological aspects related to trains and signalling systems,\" he saidThe Metro Man said that there were three stages of evaluation and these discussions were part of the preliminary stage. It will be followed by first and second appraisals. Though it generally takes over an year for JICA to process the loan, they have agreed to speed up the process for Kochi Metro.\"We are very happy with the interaction that we had with the JICA technical team. We are looking forward for more fruitful discussions and finalization of the aid package in the coming days,\" said KMRL managing director Elias George.The fact finding team will inspect the site from Aluva to Petta on Friday, and will submit their evaluation report to KMRL on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428338", "title": "Gwyneth Paltrow to launch yoga clothing line", "text": "Gwyneth Paltrow has revealed that she is designing her own collection of yoga wear.The 40-year-old actress, who is a big fan of yoga, has teamed up with apparel company Beyond Yoga to design the range, which is on sale exclusively through 'The Avengers' star's lifestyle website Goop.com.\"I've always wanted a one-shouldered exercise top and could never find one, so we've collaborated with Beyond Yoga (who make really chic, comfortable, perfect exercise gear) to make my dream top!\" Contactmusic quoted Paltrow as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422680", "title": "Goa Bachao Abhiyan slams govt for failing to make the Regional Plan 2021 people-friendly", "text": "PANAJI: The Goa Bachao Abhiyan (GBA) on Thursday charged the BJP government of failing to deliver on its electoral commitment to make the Regional Plan 2021 people-friendly instead of being builder-centric.GBA convener Sabina Martins said that ODPs continue to be treated as separate entities despite verbal assurances that eco-sensitive zones will be honoured as defined in the RP2021. \"With large areas of fields and slopes wrongly marked as settlement in the Taleigao and Mapusa ODPs it remains to be seen whether they will be removed in a nod to accurate planning or increase as a matter of 'correction of errors'\", said a GBA press release.The GBA recently held a meeting of stakeholders in the development plans for the ODPs of Taleigao, Panaji and Mapusa. Representatives and members of the Taleigao Bachao Manch, People's Movement for Civic Action-Panaji and Mapusa Nagrikaramcho Ekvott and other organizations attended the meeting.Martins said that all the stakeholders strongly objected to the opening of the ODPs of Taleigao, Panaji and Mapusa for 'corrections', 'rectification' or otherwise change of zones under any guise or excuse until the inclusion of ODP areas in the RP2021 and notification of guidelines for changes in the RP2021. The parallel changes in the Goa land development and building construction regulations, 2010, was condemned as this was distorting the entire development and land use, Martins said. While the Congress government had said that only Porvorim plateau was brought under ODP a few years ago, projects in Socorro had been approved under ODP by misguiding the public, she added.The GBA has said that partial withholding of information and use of confusing terminology amounts to misleading the public.GBA has objected to arbitrary insertions that have largely been for the purpose of constructions and built-up area, with no thought to traffic flow and infrastructure. This can be seen by sudden appearance of commercial zones in residential areas. The further mysterious removal of the ratio of '5% residential to 95% commercial' in bylaws pertaining to commercial zoning allowing commercial-residential and anything in-between helps to provide builders to receive 200FAR built-up in commercial zoning, only to change it to residential thereafter, said Martins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425326", "title": "Street plays against tobacco use", "text": "HUBLI: Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala Rural Development Project and Sri Dharmasthala Manjunatheshwar College of Dental Science and Hospital, Dharwad, jointly organized street plays at Old Bus Stand in Hubli on Thursday.The play was aimed at creating awareness about the ill-effects of tobacco consumption. The play was organized on the behalf of SDM Utsav and pamphlets were released by NWKRTC officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428110", "title": "18 model degree colleges for state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government is planning to open 18 model degree colleges in low gross enrolment ratio (GER) districts. These are Boudh, Deogarh, Malkangiri, Nayagarh, Nabarangpur, Nuapada, Rayagada and Sonepur, higher education minister Badri Narayan Patra told the Assembly in a written reply on Thursday.Official sources said the proposed model colleges are part of the Centre's new scheme to provide assistance to set up a model degree college in each of the identified 374 educationally-backward districts in the country where GER for higher education is less than the national average. This scheme is also part of government's policy for access, participation and expansion of higher education.Under this scheme, the centre shall provide assistance one-third of the capital cost for establishment of each college, limited to Rs 2.67 crore. Higher education secretary Gagan Kumar Dhal said the state government had already sent the model college proposals to the Centre, adding that the state had allocated funds in the budget to set these up.Replying to a separate question, the minister said a decision of the state government, dated June 1, 2010, to bifurcate Plus Two from Plus Three colleges and make them function under the school and mass education department will be implemented from the coming academic session.According to the minister, Odisha has a total of 551 Plus Two colleges, including 51 governments, 255 aided category-one and 245 aided category- two colleges.Patra replying to another question said the government was taking steps to collect detailed information of each college through performance tracking cell (PTC) of the higher education department and place them in their portal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patiala", "code": "17421396", "title": "Case property 'show' boomerangs on Patiala cops", "text": "PATIALA: An overzealous attempt by Patiala district police to comply with the state government's directions to return case properties - rotting away at police stations in many cases - to their owners, left the cops red-faced by the end of it.The police set Thursday as the day for returning the items to the rightful owners, but allegedly jacked up their value to show a total recovery of Rs 5.25 crore from January till November.If this were not enough, they also allegedly lined up vehicles challaned for traffic violations at the Police Lines ground, when these in no way constituted case property.The recovered items included 500 gram gold , 18 trucks, 20 tractor-trolleys, 92 scooters, 45 cars, 1.5 kg silver, 2 laptops and Rs 8 lakh cash.In one case, cops listed the market rate of a recovered buffalo as Rs 65,000, but even the cattle owner disagreed with the inflated price tag. \"It's for around Rs 40,000,\" said Gurdev Singh from Dafatariwala. But Ghagga police station SHO Gurcharn Singh had his own way of coming up with this figure. \"Buffalo rates are increasing and an animal of good breed costs Rs 50,000. We also added Rs 15,000 as the price of its female calf.\"Julka police station cops claimed they had recovered a tempo (PB11-7236), but its owner Jaswant Singh said his vehicle had never been stolen and had been impounded for overloading many months back.\"After paying the fine in court, I got a call from Julka police station some days back to collect it,\" he said.Julka SHO Jaswinder Chahal conceded that the vehicle had never been stolen. But when asked why they had parked it among the recovered vehicles, he had no satisfactory reply.Another vehicle owner, Kala, said his truck (PB-AS-9551) had never been stolen. \"It had been involved in an accident and a case had been registered at Sadar police station.Sadar police station SHO Surjit Dhanoa said the truck was not part of their seizures.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17425142", "title": "Dharmasthala SMS case: FIR submitted", "text": "MANGALORE: Belthangady police have submitted a first information report to chief judicial and JMFC court, Belthangady about attempts to spread rumours through SMS intended to lower the image of Sri Kshetra Dharmasthala.Acting on a complaint from Sukesh Kumar that SMS targeting D Veerendra Heggade, dharmadhikari of Kshetra Dharmasthala, were doing the rounds, police have registered a case under sections 295(A), 505(1) IPC and sections 66 A of IT Act 2000.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17425521", "title": "Ice deposits found on Mercury", "text": "WASHINGTON: A NASA spacecraft studying Mercury has provided compelling support for the long-held hypothesis the planet harbours abundant water ice and other frozen volatile materials.The new information comes from NASA's Mercury Surface, Space Environment, Geochemistry, and Ranging (Messenger) spacecraft. Its onboard instruments have been studying Mercury in unprecedented detail since its historic arrival there in March 2011, Xinhua reported.Scientists are seeing clearly for the first time a chapter in the story of how the inner planets, including Earth, acquired their water and some of the chemical building blocks for life.\"The new data indicate the water ice in Mercury's polar regions, if spread over an area the size of Washington, D.C., would be more than two miles thick,\" said David Lawrence, a scientist at the Johns Hopkins University and lead author of one of three papers describing the findings. The papers were published online in Science Express Thursday.Launched Aug 3, 2004, Messenger is the first spacecraft to orbit Mercury. The spacecraft followed a path through the inner solar system, including one flyby of Earth, two flybys of Venus, and three flybys of Mercury.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425474", "title": "Gibson takes children on charity date", "text": "Actor Mel Gibson took Karol and Sara, who have both had extensive facial reconstruction surgeries, out for lunch followed by ice-cream.The 56-year-old teamed up with Mending Kids International, which performs life-saving surgeries for children.\"It was really fun spending time with Karol and Sara. They have been through so much and are just so inspirational to everyone who meets them,\" tmz.com quoted Gibson as saying.\"At home, these girls couldn't leave their homes for fear of being tormented. Now, they are walking through one of the most popular tourist areas of Los Angeles,\" he added.He is further pledging his commitment to the organisation by participating in the Mending Kids celebrity poker tournament.Gibson is seemingly trying to improve his image after his reputation was tarnished by assault claims made by his ex-girlfriend Oksana Grigorieva.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426825", "title": "Meera is back", "text": "Meera Jasmine, who made her Kollywood debut with Run opposite Madhavan went on to become one of the most sought-after-actresses. The actress, then gradually reduced her work load and there came a time when she almost disappeared from Kollywood. The actress was last seen in Malaiyur Mambattian opposite Prashanth, which was directed by his father Thiagarajan.Meera Jasmine returned to the Malayalam film industry with Babu Janardhanan's Lisammayude Veedu , which is the sequel to Lal Jose's Achanurangatha Veedu .The latest we hear is that the actress is doing the lead role in director Shajiyem's M s. Lekha Tharoor Kaanunnathu . The actress plays a TV show host in the dark fantasy. Badri, who was one of the heroes in Mamas' eminently forgettable Cinema Company, plays the male lead. The shooting is on in Kochi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426662", "title": "There's hope for art that you cannot collect", "text": "Site-specific art, which can hardly hope to find buyers among private collectors, is largely dependent for survival on its ability to be socially engaging. It helps, of course, if it could also get funds from corporate houses or governments.Site-specific art had a spell of popularity in India in the mid-1990s, in large open venues like public spaces, or outside museums.Since then, it has been shrinking to indoor displays, in gallery spaces.Artists who take up such site-specific projects are constrained by a lack of funding; there is also the problem of poor audience response, as the general public is hardpressed to see the relevance -- and even the possibility -- of art in their ordinary surroundings.There are, however, a few new public and corporate endowments that promote Indian artists, allowing them to explore frontiers in uncharted venues. Companies like Skoda, Jindal and the Ambani Group have taken a silent lead in pushing art in spaces that people are unaccustomed to seeing as sites for art.Karnataka-based Srinivasa Prasad, who received an endowment from car-maker Skoda, says: \"Endowment grants help those who create site-specific works pay for outdoor infrastructure\".\"One day, I was walking by a cremation ground and I found bodies being burnt with cardboard boxes instead of pyre wood. I was shocked and wanted to pay a tribute to the those who die without proper cremation rites,\" Prasad said.He had to pay the crematorium management to put up an interactive graffiti and performance art project on the \"last rites for the dead\" .Prasad said: \"One of the reasons I was not able to work on big outdoor art projects was funding. It was taking me years to put together material and logistics for site-specific art.\"Artist Shilpa Gupta says: \"Any patronage to support experimental art is a good thing.\"\"It allows more scholarship, greater research and more creativity, and gives local artists a chance to ideate,\" Gupta says.Endowments, however, often come with strings attached.\"As long as the grants allow artists freedom to work on exclusive and independent projects, it is fine. But fundings often come with contracts,\" Gupta said.Gupta said that endowments often open up the work to a wider audience, and allows artists to work with \"interesting conceptual and multi-media art\".Even so, Gupta said, much still remained to be done to make art play a bigger part in the lives of ordinary people.An artists' collective CAMP, has been nominated by Skoda as one of its top 20 artists. The collective is experimenting with 'port art' at the Kochi Biennale.The art work will open a dialogue with people on how the container port in Kochi new's shipping terminal actually works.\"The idea is what goes on behind the box,\" explains Shaina Anand of CAMP.The biennale, a government initiative, comes as a boost to site-specific art. There are works commissioned to suit the unique milieu that Kochi offers, combining history, natural beauty and the regeneration of the city's Jewish heritage.\"The spice warehouses in old Kochi which connected the east and west are sites for new installed art works,\" Anand said.In the US, there is a mandatory budgetary endowment for all categories arts - including public and site specific art - under the US National Endowment for the Arts policy; in India, however, endowment remains a largely private affair.Public art projects in India seldom get government funding , unless they are backed by institutions or held on government premises.The first biennale in Kochi this December comes as a shot in the arm for site-specific art.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421117", "title": "Pipavav wanted ex-Mazagon Docks chief to head joint venture", "text": "NEW DELHI: In a fresh twist to the controversy surrounding Mazagon Docks Ltd's move to start joint ventures (JVs) with private players for warship construction, the name of its previous chief has been suggested by one of the private firms to head one the JVs.Pipavav Shipyard's suggestion that Vice Admiral (retired) H S Malhi be considered for the chairmanship of the proposed JV with MDL has surprised many in the defence establishment. A senior official said it was a clear case of conflict of interest because it was under Malhi, who was CMD of MDL until January 31 this year, that the defence public sector unit processed the proposal for tying up with Pipavav.TOI had on Thursday reported the defence ministry's decision to order a vigilance inquiry into the move of Mazagon Docks, India's biggest warship building facility with over Rs 100,000 crore worth of orders in the pipeline, to form JVs with Pipavav Shipyard, Larsen &amp; Toubro and ABG Shipyard . Talks with Pipavav are at an advanced stage.Allegations that the proposed JVs may be in violation of government guidelines on formation of such collaborations prompted defence ministry's vigilance wing to order the inquiry. It has sought detailed reports on all the three suggested JVs, especially details of due diligence carried out according to the ministry's guidelines. The vigilance wing has also sought details of the methodology adopted to arrive at the work allocation to the JVs, and if external consultants that were engaged to decide the work-share had any vested interest.One of the key points of the inquiry is about conflict of interest of parties involved. It is against this background that Pipavav's latest letter to MDL suggesting Malhi among the three names for chairmanship of the proposed JV is being seen. Malhi as the CMD of Mazagon Docks revived the proposal for JV with Pipavav, which had been shelved under his predecessor, and completed most of the file work for the JV.According to sources, Pipavav suggested three names for chairmanship of the JV, the list topping with Malhi, and the second being Vice Admiral (retd) Raman P Suthan. Pipavav also suggested the name of three people including Vice Admiral (retd) Madanjit Singh to the board of the proposed JV.After concluding the proposed JV with Pipavav, MDL would take up the proposals with L&T; and ABG Shipyard. When Pipavav made public in September 2011 for the first time the proposal to form JV with MDL, there was an instant uproar and MoD shelved the plan. Later, MoD came up with guidelines for forming such JVs with private sector companies. The allegations are that even those guidelines have been violated by MDL in now pushing for the JVs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421235", "title": "Mumbai cops plant gun in builder's office, demand Rs 8 lakh bribe", "text": "MUMBAI: A constable, Tulsiram Pawse, posted with Kalyan crime branch was arrested on Thursday while accepting a bribe of Rs 5 lakh from a builder. An assistant sub-inspector, Prabhakar Borate, who was present with Pawse, too has been arrested.On Tuesday, dressed in plain clothes, Borate, Pawse, constables Pandharinath Kadam and Satish Surve went to the office of Parwati Construction, owned by Ganesh Dhone (31), in Nandivali area of Kalyan (E). Two other cops waited outside the office. Dhone was not in the office at that time. The cops asked the builder's brother, Kailash, to call up Dhone, who is also an NCP leader and inform him and to get water to drink.As soon as Kailash went out, one of the cops pulled out a revolver and placed it in the office. CCTV cameras in the office captured the cops placing the gun.When Dhone reached, the cops accused him of keeping a revolver in the office and said they wanted to search the premises. \"I allowed them to search the office. I was shocked when one of the constables found a revolver,\" said Dhone. The constables then told Dhone that they will book him under Arms Act. They said if Dhone doesn't want to get booked, he will have to pay them Rs 20 lakh and make someone else face the charge.Dhone said, \"One of my employees, Vinod Gondvile, agreed to take the responsibility. I bargained with the constables, who called up their seniors for instructions, and agreed to pay Rs 8 lakh and let them arrest Gondivle.\" According to Dhone, he paid Rs 3 lakh to the cops and promised to pay the remaining on Thursday. Before leaving the office, the cops suspected that they might be captured on the CCTV camera. They checked the footage and deleted it. But the footage did not get deleted.After the cops left, Dhone checked the CCTV footage and found one of the cops planting the revolver. \"On Tuesday evening, I approached the Thane police commisioner K P Raghuvanshi, who directed the Anti-Corruption Bureau (ACB) to take action. On Thursday, the accused and the builder decided to meet near Pushparaj hotel in Kalyan (W). The ACB caught Pawse red-handed.The Kolsewadi police are in the process of lodging a case against all the six cops for falsely implicating Dhone and trying to extort money from him.For two hours, the ACB also grilled Kalyan crime branch senior inspector Bharat Nimbalkar, who was reportedly giving instructions over the phone to the constables.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421585", "title": "Corrupt, indifferent representatives are Bangalore's bane", "text": "BANGALORE: For two years now, residents of Vasanthnagar have been trying in vain to reach their corporator, a man facing a slew of corruption charges. All they want is a solution to their civic woes. It's a story that resonates in many other wards in Bangalore where residents have to put up with tainted representatives who care little for their constituencies.Sadly, the numbers are only going up in the BBMP. The sentencing of corporator L Govindaraju by the Lokayukta court for taking bribe is a case in point. The city has 11 tainted corporators and among these is a former minister's son, Katta Jagadish, the bane of Vasanthnagar residents.\"The last time I saw him was during a victory procession just after the elections. We have tried to get in touch with him but it is not possible though he is our ward's elected representative.He has not held a single meeting with the public in the past two-and-a-half years. My ward is going to the dogs,\" says Rohini Chandrakanth, member of Kumara Park West Residents Welfare Association that comes under Vasanthnagar.Even small problems are not fixed. Chikkarajaiah Rachegowda, a resident of Azad Nagar, had approached his corporator Gowramma to resolve the issue of an anganwadi running within temple premises. \"She is yet to do anything,\" he says.On June 1, 2010, 17-year-old Sanjana Singh died in collapse of a wall built by contractor turned corporator Munirathna. The Lokayukta filed a chargesheet against him. and nailed the engineers and contractors responsible for the shoddy construction in his report.\"Our corporator is more interested in his film business than ward development,\" said a resident.Ganesh Mandir ward residents hope to see some improvement now that their corporator is in prison. \"Govindaraju was never a proactive corporator,\" said Ravindra Nath Guru, a consumer rights activist.The misdeeds of councillors are one too many. In March this year, Ramaswamypalya corporator N Chandra was arrested after he assaulted a senior IFS officer U V Singh. Chandra and two of his aides attacked Singh for questioning the sewage waste let into the BWSSB's treatment plant near Hebbal.BBMP'S TAINTED LOTS S Prasad, corporator from A Narayanapura near K R Puram, faces charges of declaring disproportionate assets before State Election CommissionCase against Queen Elizabeth from Okalipuram ward in SEC for alleged submission of fake caste certificate. The complaint says she is Christian but claimed to belong to Adi Dravida community.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy faces proceedings in the BMTF for claiming to be landless so as to get a piece of Bagair Hukum land allotted by government.Lokayukta police conducts raids on houses of two women corporators - N Shanthakumari from Moodalapalya ward and Gowramma from Azad Nagar. There are alleged to possess assets beyond known source of income.Mohan Kumar, corporator from Govindaraj Nagar, alleged to have forged papers to usurp land of one Jayasheela in Srigandha Kaval (survey number 49/3)K Shivkumar, corporator from Shanthala Nagar, faces extortion charges against a builder on Vittal Mallya road.BLOODY ENDSome wards have witnessed ugly battles with their corporators, some with criminal records, meeting a bloody end. Banashankari Temple ward corporator Diwan Ali was murdered by an armed gang in January 2011. In October the same year, Gandhinagar corporator S Nataraj was murdered by a gang on a busy street in Malleswaram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424937", "title": "Charge-sheet against 11 in Vidisha mandi scam", "text": "BHOPAL: The Lokayukta's special police establishment (SPE) on Thursday submitted a charge-sheet against 11 persons in connection with Rs 1.5 crore scam in the Krishi Upaj Mandi, Vidisha.Five persons, including the then assistant manager of local fund department and two senior auditors were sent to judicial custody, whereas a bailable warrant was been issued against six others. The charge-sheet was submitted before the special judge (corruption cases) Vidisha district court R B Gupta.According to SPE, the accused misappropriated a sum of Rs 1.5 crore from the account of mandi board between 2004-2007. The complaint was lodged with SPE by the mandi after an internal inquiry.After initial investigations, the SPE registered case in 2008 and found eleven persons accountable for the scam.Those sent to jail were D P Saxena, then assistant director, local fund Bhopal , J P N Tiwari, senior auditor, R N Tomar Senior auditor, V K Saxena senior auditor and R B Chaube. While warrant was issued against the then mandi secretary Anil Yadav, Ghanshyam Shrivastava, accountant, Arvind kumar Jain, R M Ahirwar auditor, Vikas Kumar Jain charted accountant and Anil Kumar Saxena. They were charged under sections of Preventions of Corruption Act and Section 406, 409, 120 b of the IPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424671", "title": "Rajeev Verma, Tipaniya to motivate voters", "text": "BHOPAL: In its last bid to add eligible voters to the voters list, the Election Commission has roped in Bhopal based bollywood actor Rajeev Verma and folk singer, Prahlad Singh Tipaniya to motivate the masses to register their names in the voters list.The total population of Madhya Pradesh is around 7.55 crore. Of this, around 4.37 crore people have already been added to the voters list. But around 21 lakh eligible voters are still missing from it.The last date to get the names added in the voters' list is December 10. The commission aims at carrying out an extensive promotional campaign till the date to bridge the gap between total voting population and the names added in the voters' list.Among the 21 lakh names to be added, around 11 lakh are youths, between 18-19 years of age.\"Our effort is to cover this gap before the last date (December 10) and on January 1, 2013 the commission would come up with the final list of voters who would vote in the elections next year, said Sanjay Singh Baghel, assistant chief electoral officer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17426194", "title": "Needy will get work and timely payment under MNREGA: Aruna Sharma", "text": "INDORE: After facing criticism for delay in payment for work done under MNERGA, Madhya Pradesh government has now come up with guidelines to ensure that needy should get enough work and timely payment from next year.Union government had received 54 complaints from Madhaya Pradesh regarding irregularities in MNERGA works and people in Barwani and several other districts of state had protested few months back against dealy in payments of work done under MNERGA.\"There will be no dearth of work and budget under MNREGA from next year,\" additional chief secretary Panchayats &amp; Rural Development Aruna Sharma while issuing guidelines regarding this. She directed to chalk out annual action plans only as per demand of employment in villages. Sharma said possible demand for work and time-cycle will be kept in view for this work after exact assessment of job-card holder families. She also directed to chalk out annual action pans right now with a view to ensuring approval of required funds at the Central Government-level.Integrated Natural Resource Management Approach will be kept in view while selecting works for fixing labor budget in annual action plan. These include watershed development, surface and groundwater management, management of drains for flood control and release of water, agriculture development and construction of durable assets for developing permanent sources of livelihood.Infrastructural works will be undertaken with funds of other schemes with MNREGA. It will be kept in view that all-round development of villages is ensured through proper use of natural resources and durable and permanent employment opportunities are made available to landless laborers, small and marginal farmers in villages. Gram Panchayats' shelf of projects will be prepared keeping in view of creation of possible mandays. It will be done keeping in view possible demand for employment on the basis of labour budget. Priority will be given to complete last year's pending works. New works will be selected for creating mandays after deducting mandays created from incomplete works from the number of mandays likely to be generated as per labor budget.New community and beneficiary-oriented works will be included in annual action plan on the basis of prescribed priorities. Works pertaining to Integrated Natural Resource Management will be selected on priority. Works which can be merged with MNREGA like Maryada Abhiyan, construction of internal cement-concrete roads under Panch Parmeshwar Yojna, BRGF, Rajiv Gandhi Sewa Kendra, panchayat buildings, river recharging etc.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426223", "title": "Aamir Khan is happy with 'Talaash' promotions", "text": "Low-key promotions for Talaash have worked in its favour, the movie's lead actor Aamir Khan believes. He says the hype around the film shows it has been marketed well .\"I think what we had planned for the marketing was a good plan and we have moved according to the plan,\" the 47-year-old said Thursday at a special screening of the film in Mumbai.\"Now when the film releases, the hype that I see around the film indicates that the hype is not low it is very high actually. I am very happy with the promotions,\" he added.As part of the promotions, Aamir made an appearance on TV show C.I.D. and also on a Star Plus special.\"Both ideas were mine. C.I.D. also and the interaction with Star Parivaar. I really enjoyed talking to them,\" Aamir said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425333", "title": "LiLo arrested for 'punching woman' in nightclub", "text": "Lindsay Lohan has been arrested after allegedly punching a blonde psychic at a New York nightclub in the early hours of Thursday morning, in a row over Max George from The Wanted.The 26-year-old actress was at Avenue in Manhattan's trendy Meatpacking district, where she is believed to have punched Tiffany Eve Mitchell, 28, a blonde psychic card reader from Florida, the Daily Mail reported.The flame-haired star is said to have a crush on George, 24, and attempted to get backstage to see the hunk after his chart-topping band supported Justin Bieber at Madison Square Garden.Despite being banned, she met up with the boyband at the celebrity haunt, and the evening descended into chaos as the singer started chatting up another woman - not married Mitchell - riling Lohan, a source close to the band said.Lohan and a friend joined the popstar and his bandmates Jay McGuiness and Tom Parker at the club.Apparently a fight broke out near where a riled Lohan, a very drunk George and the Mitchells were partying - and it is not yet clear how it involved The Wanted singer.Mitchell's husband Wayne Stevens said: \"We didn't know it was Lindsay Lohan and it just kind of escalated because someone else had a brawl out in there.\"\"The bouncer was having a fight with someone else, and I grabbed my wife right next to me and my friends had their wives. Then there were girls behind us and after it was over, one of them went and pushed my wife pretty hard - I don't know why she pushed her.\"About five minutes later she comes round and tells my wife 'I need space' and then she just punched her. After that, the bouncer didn't want to help, nobody wanted to help, and they said 'there's nothing we can do,' so I went and called the police myself,\" he said.He said that the bouncer were not throwing her out because she's Lindsay Lohan - \"I said 'well my wife got punched by Lindsay Lohan'.\"He added: \"My wife is still very sore, she's very distressed, her cheekbone is aching. She's all mindboggled right now, I'm going to take her to the doctor.\"When asked about the singer, Stevens said: \"I could see there was something else going on, but we had nothing to do with it. We were just caught up in something that was nothing to do with us.\"Lohan - still clad in her tight green mini-dress and black heels from her night out - left a Manhattan police station with a jacket over her head, while Mitchell, Stevens and a friend were also seen leaving another precinct.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15270406", "title": "Upendra's first directorial venture?", "text": "Upendra's first directorial venture was Tharle Nan Maga.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422904", "title": "Sector 17 revamp to start near post office", "text": "CHANDIGARH: With the allotment of the work of installation of iron railings near GPO in Sector 17 and in other northern parts of the sector, Chandigarh municipal corporation finally brought the development plan of the sector to action.The entire plan has been segregated in three to four parts, like developing a green belt, construction of ponds and other concrete structures, and will be allotted to different contractors. These works are expected to begin within a month as the tenders for these have been received and will be allotted soon.The general house of the MC had passed the development plan for Sector 17 in August, but it took three months for the civic body to start the allotment of works. Considered one of the prestigious projects of the MC, the development of Sector 17 aims at giving tourism a boost in the commercial hub of the city.Going by the initial plan, about two lakh square feet area will be developed in the northern part of the sector apart from the area near the GPO.Besides, all the existing passages in the sector will undergo a facelift and will be connected to the portion which has to be developed.The drawings prepared by the UT architect wing emphasize three big water pools, a green belt, iron railings covering the area and benches of precious stones around trees and footpaths in the development plan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "beijing", "code": "17423612", "title": "China businesswoman emigrates to unknown country", "text": "BEIJING: A woman politician and business tycoon, famous for opposing the trend of migration by well-off people, has herself crossed over to a foreign country.Zhang Lan, 54, left behind no forwarding address leaving the government unaware of her present location.The move is embarrassing for Chinese nationalists, who have been stung by an attempt by Wang Lijun, police chief of Chongqing, to migrate to the US early this year.The owner of a major restaurant chain, South Beauty, Zhang has also resigned from the membership of a local committee that represents the Chinese People's Political Consultative Conference, which is one of the two houses of parliament. She took the decision after internet users questioned how someone who has migrated can hold the position.China has been persuading western countries and Australia to hand over Chinese nationals including corrupt officials and businessmen , who have escaped the country with large amount of money. There is suspicion that Zhang may have also got away with substantial funds. Zhang's action shows she fears being arrested in a foreign country, and brought back to face trial, sources said.The authorities also suspect that she vanished in order to avoid facing a court trial triggered by a complaint by her former business partner , Ma Yi. But Zhang's son Wang Xiaofei, has denied that his mother was avoiding a court appearance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422605", "title": "Authorities mum on mobile towers constructed illegally", "text": "JAIPUR: In the absence of official guidelines, the state government and civic bodies continue to remain silent on taking action against the mobile towers that were illegally constructed in the residential areas of the city. According to the officials, around 5,678 towers are in the city to ensure best connectivity for the people, as initially there was no restriction on the number of cell phone towers. However, due to absence of official guidelines on the height of the tower, distance between towers and distance from houses, the residents staying in nearby areas remain exposed to diseases.Deputy mayor Manish Pareek claimed the government made model cell phone tower bylaws in 2010. These bylaws with a few modifications were made mandatory in September last year. \"Due to state government policies the telecom companies do not register themselves at the Jaipur Municipal Corporation (JMC) as per the bylaws. Also, we cannot take action against the towers in the residential areas due to lack of powers.\" said pareekRecently, after demolishing illegal towers near residences of influential people, the councillors and residents registered their demand with JMC to carry out similar drives in their respective areas. Mohini Kanwar from ward number 10 said, \"In our area two illegal mobile towers have been erected. The issue has been raised several times in the meetings. However, no action has been taken till date. \"A senior JMC official said, \"The mobile towers are permitted by the government of India and we cannot act on the complaints against towers violating the rules. As per municipal bylaws we can take action against them only if they are illegally contructed without leaving a setback.\"Sushil Sharma from ward number 3 claimed, \"There is a similar case in my ward and a resident of house situated near the mobile tower is paralyzed due to radiation, according to the doctor's reports. The case has been brought to JMC's notice. But no action has been taken .\" He added, \"There are around 18 towers in this wards violating the rules.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422309", "title": "We extend full support to Saurabh Kalia's family: Army chief", "text": "PUNE: Army chief General Bikram Singh said the Army has raised concern about the torturous death of Captain Saurabh Kalia in Kargil in 1999 with the ministry of defence and the national human rights commission.Kalia and five others were patrolling the Kaksar area in Kargil in 1999 when they were caught by the Pakistan Army and held captive for over 22 days during which they were allegedly subjected to brutal torture. Saurabh Kalia's father, N K Kalia, has approached every competent authority in the last 13 years seeking justice for his son, but has received standard replies so far and no action. He wants the Indian government to exert pressure on Pakistan to apologize, identify and punish those Pakistani soldiers indulged in the barbaric torture. The captain's father moved the Supreme Court on Tuesday seeking directions to the government to raise the issue at the International Court of Justice in The Hague .\"We will extend full support to the parents of Kalia on this matter,\" Singh told reporters during an informal chat on the sidelines of the passing out parade of the 123rd course at the National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla, on Thursday. \"He (Kalia) was one of our very brave officers and, we all know, he made the ultimate sacrifice in the best traditions of the armed forces, in the line of duty. We have written about our concerns on this matter to the ministry of defence and have also written to the national human rights commission about this.\"The Army chief said that India's approach to defence preparedness is not specific to any particular country. \"We are protecting our borders and that is our constitutional duty,\" he said. Asked whether the raising of a mountain unit in the north-east was aimed at countering China, Singh said, \"The unit is being raised as an operational requirement and it is not directed against any particular country.\" Singh said that incidences like suicide were relatively less in Army than the national average while attrition is a phenomenon more or less present everywhere. \"We are taking necessary steps to see that such instances are reduced,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421219", "title": "BJP MLAs to miss councillors' meet for party cause", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having drawn flak for not going the extra mile to make Uma Bharti's 'Ganga Samagra Yatra' last month a big success, the state Bharatiya Janata Party is making all-out efforts to make the clean-Ganga campaign on December 2 a success. All members of legislative assembly have been directed to join the human chain across the state instead of attending the conference of newly elected state council members on December 2 which would be attended by regional presidents, organisation secretaries, MLAs and MPs.State party spokesperson Vijay Bahadur Pathak said, while senior party leader and MLA from Charkhari Uma Bharti will be leading the human chain formation in Kanpur, state BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi would be leading the programme in front of Vidhan Bhawan in Lucknow.People's representatives, MLAs, district presidents, party office-bearers and workers residing on the banks of Ganga would be present in their respective areas leading the human chain formation instead of attending the state council members' meeting on December 2 in Lucknow, said Pathak, adding, people from West Bengal , Bihar, Uttar Pradesh and Uttarakhand would take a pledge at around noon to ensure Ganga flows clean.Party leaders in the state gave a lukewarm response to the yatra led by Uma Bharti, especially when it was traversing through the districts in which Ganga flows, during her 13-day stint in the state, and this time they are making every effort to pledge solidarity to the cause.Disappointment over response from the BJP leaders was visible on the faces of yatra members. They were especially unhappy with the UP BJP leaders who showed no interest in the yatra. \"In fact, the response in Bihar was much better,\" they say, asking \"when senior Bihar BJP leaders like state president C P Thakur and deputy chief minister Sushil Modi could share the dais with her, why couldn't leaders in UP?\" Yatra in charge in UP, Shiv Pratap Shukla, admitted the response in UP could have been better. State BJP chief Laxmikant Bajpayi had said the party supported Uma as much as it could have. \"Na mike, na manch (No dais sharing and no speeches on mike) was the clear instruction from the sangh functionaries, who were the brains behind the yatra, he had said and added, \"we did our best as per the instructions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421889", "title": "Pourakarmikas get better pay, call off protest", "text": "BANGALORE: Your city can be kept clean only if the BBMP's foot soldiers are happy. The civic agency finally learnt this lesson and revised their wages and, most importantly, regularized their jobs.These decisions were taken at a meeting on Thursday at which labour commissioner, BBMP commissioner, mayor and pourakarmikas' union leaders were present. Pouarakarmikas, who were afraid of losing their jobs with the introduction of new contractors, are relieved. They're also getting arrears of over Rs 48,000 each. This benefits totally 17,000 contract pourakarmikas.\"From February 2012, the PKs were supposed to get Rs 6,300 per month as salary but the BBMP gave them only Rs 2,300. The difference of Rs 4,000 for all these months will be paid to them. Also, no pourakarmika will lose her job,\" said S Balan, president, BBMP Pourakarmikas' Association.\"As per 12(3) section of the Industrial Disputes Act, an agreement will be signed between all contractors, PK unions and BBMP will be the witness. The draft agreement will be ready on Monday and signed on December 15. Besides, the proceedings of Thursday's meeting has been recorded. If the BBMP fails to meet any of its agreed demands, we can take it up with the labour department,\" he added.Mayor D Venkatesh Murthy requested pourakarmikas to get back to work. \"The new garbage tenders will be taken up in phased manner. The new contractors will not let the PKs go unemployed,\" he said.Benefits* Net salary: Rs 6,936 per month* Canteen and washing allowance* 1 day casual leave for every 20 working days* Holiday every Sunday; if they work on a Sunday, they get double pay and a compensatory off* 10 national holidays* Women get two saris, blouse material and stitching chargesStrict monitoringOn Thursday, BBMP issued an official order to post engineers working in the town planning department to solid waste management wing in wards. They've been asked to give a daily report on the black spots (garbage dumping centres), total waste collected, segregated waste collected, waste collected from commercial and residential units, details of cleaning up of roads and shoulder drains. They've also been instructed to upload photographs of garbage dumps and those cleared. Twenty engineers have been posted to the waste management section.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421095", "title": "Bag makers seek nod to sell outside Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: The plastic manufacturers on Thursday changed their stand before the Delhi high court submitting that the Delhi government should allow them to manufacture plastic bags for use outside the capital where the ban hasn't been imposed.The All India Plastic Industries Association (AIPIA) told a bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw that the existing environmental law does not prohibit manufacture of plastic bags but bans the use of plastic bags. The association sought HC's permission to sell plastic bags manufactured in the capital to other areas where the bags are still legal.On October 23, AIPIA had moved the high court challenging the Delhi government's notification imposing a bl anket ban on plastic from November 23, under which no person can manufacture, import, store, sell or transport any kind of plastic bag in the city.The manufacturers had said the problem did not lie with them but with the civic agencies as they did not recycle the plastic bags. They argued that even the plastic bags used for the packaging pose an environmental and health hazard but the government hadn't banned them. \"If the government did not ban the plastic used for packaging food products... why has it banned plastic carry bags?\" the counsel asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17426983", "title": "Polar Ice-sheet melting jumps three-fold: NASA", "text": "NEW DELHI: The combined rate of melting for the ice sheets covering Greenland and Antarctica has increased during the last 20 years says a landmark study published Thursday in the journal Science. The study was carried out by an international team of 47 experts from 26 laboratories supported by NASA and the European Space Agency ( ESA ).Together, these ice sheets are losing more than three times as much ice each year as they were in the 1990s. About two-thirds of the loss is coming from Greenland, with the rest from Antarctica. The current ice loss is equivalent to sea level rise of 0.04 inches or 0.95 millimeters while in the 1990s, it was equivalent to 0.01 inches or 0.27 millimeters per year, NASA said in a statement.The scientists combined data from 10 satellite missions and aircraft to produce the most comprehensive and accurate assessment to date of ice sheet losses in Greenland and Antarctica and their contributions to sea level rise.This rate of ice sheet losses falls within the range reported in 2007 by the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC). The spread of estimates in the 2007 IPCC report was so broad, however, it was not clear whether Antarctica was growing or shrinking. The new estimates, which are more than twice as accurate because of the inclusion of more satellite data, confirm both Antarctica and Greenland are losing ice. Combined, melting of these ice sheets contributed 0.44 inches (11.1 millimeters) to global sea levels since 1992. This accounts for one-fifth of all sea level rise over the 20-year survey period. The remainder is caused by the thermal expansion of the warming ocean, melting of mountain glaciers and small Arctic ice caps, and groundwater mining.The researchers reconciled differences among dozens of earlier ice sheet studies by carefully matching observation periods and survey areas. They also combined measurements collected by different types of satellite sensors, such as ESA's radar missions; NASA's Ice, Cloud and land Elevation Satellite (ICESat); and the NASA/German Aerospace Center's Gravity Recovery and Climate Experiment (GRACE).\"What is unique about this effort is that it brought together the key scientists and all of the different methods to estimate ice loss\" said Tom Wagner, NASA's cryosphere program manager in Washington, quoted in the NASA statement. \"It's a major challenge they undertook, involving cutting-edge, difficult research to produce the most rigorous and detailed estimates of ice loss from Greenland and Antarctica to date. The results of this study will be invaluable in informing the IPCC as it completes the writing of its Fifth Assessment Report over the next year.\"The study found variations in the pace of ice sheet change in Antarctica and Greenland.\"Both ice sheets appear to be losing more ice now than 20 years ago, but the pace of ice loss from Greenland is extraordinary, with nearly a five-fold increase since the mid-1990s\" . Erik Ivins of NASA's Jet Propulsion Laboratory in Pasadena said. \"In contrast, the overall loss of ice in Antarctica has remained fairly constant, with the data suggesting a 50-percent increase in Antarctic ice loss during the last decade.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423381", "title": "In shocker, body of man hit by train falls on road", "text": "CHENNAI: Motorists were horrified when the mangled body of a man hit by a speeding suburban train fell on the middle of the road at Aranganathan Subway in West Mambalam around 11.45pm on Wednesday.Eyewitnesses said the effect of the train's impact was gruesome, tearing the man limb from limb, with his legs and a hand sheared from his body. The body of the man, who appeared to be around 60 years old, fell through an opening between the tracks into the subway as vehicles were passing through.Government railway police said the identity of the man is yet to be established. A railway police officer said the man could have been a beggar, because his clothes were filthy and investigators recovered a bunch of old clothes stuffed in a bag near where the accident occurred.The accident brought traffic to a halt for at least 30 minutes. Commuters informed policemen, who arrived on the spot and moved the body to the roadside so motorists could continue on their way. But vehicles continued to move slowly through the subway till an ambulance took the body to Government Royapettah Hospital for autopsy.Railway police have registered a case under Section 174 (unnatural death) of the CrPC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422626", "title": "Who will implement mobile tower rules?", "text": "JAIPUR: India's cell tower radiation norms are among the worst in the world. Only recently has the government woken up to the reality that millions of its citizens, particularly in cities like Mumbai that have among the densest cellular networks , live in the equivalent of vast open-air microwave ovens. Experts say that while the rules are not strong enough to start with, enforcing them is weaker still.Forget about a technical guideline like limiting the radiation level of a cell tower to 450 mW/sqm (milli watt per square metre), even a specification like a minimum distance of 100 metres between tower antennas and human habitation\u00e2\u20ac\u201dresidences, offices, schools, jails, hospitals, playgrounds, monuments, etc\u00e2\u20ac\u201dis not strictly followed.\"I challenge the setting of the cellphone tower radiation limit at 450 mW/ sqm because it is very, very high compared to international standards. Exposure to radiation at this level 24 hours a day for two to five years will cause severe health problems in any person,\" said IIT-B professor Girish Kumar. According to him, a recent report by the Austrian Medical Association said that radiation greater than even 1 mW/sqm was \"very far above normal\". \"According to the report, even 0.1 is above normal. I think our government's basic criteria of setting radiation wattage is wrong. There is no point in following a rule that is based on unscientific assumptions,\" Kumar said.While the government is assuring the citizens that radiation levels stay within this limit, the levels are highly unhealthy to start with. If a person living near a cell tower develops health problems in two to five years, who will pay him or her compensation? Naturally, cell operators will pass the buck to the government, he said.For instance, Hameeda Patel living in the Chandpole area succumbed to cervical cancer last month. The 53-year-old used to live with her family in a one-room flat on the first floor. The room is 50 metres away from a building that has a cell phone tower and four antennas. \"She was the first cancer patient in our family,\" says her son. Since 2010, five persons have died of cancer and five are battling the disease in Patel's colony that has about 15 cell phone towers.\"We have often complained about the cell phone towers creating havoc with the residents' health but that has made no difference. In Shekhawati Nagar, the entire family living near a cell tower has been paralyzed. In another case, the entire Shivnagar colony has complained of a humming sound from the tower. In Priyadarshani School, near a cell tower, a girl lost her mental balance, but despite complaints the authorities have turned a blind eye to the aggrieved residents,\" said JMC councilor Sushil Sharma.Practically, any mobile tower emission norm should be based on antenna power and should be aimed at controlling antenna wattage. Placing several antennae on a single tower naturally increases radiation levels. The situation is compounded by the tower-courtesy the sheer number of antennae on it-being a heavy recipient of heavy call traffic.To satisfactorily control radiation, there should be proper checking of antennae by teams comprising citizen and advocacy groups, and experts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421954", "title": "Railway board told to pay Rs 60,000 damages for theft", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stressing the need for providing lockers inside trains, a district consumer forum has asked the railway board to pay a compensation of Rs 60,000 to an elderly couple whose belongings were stolen while travelling.\"We use this opportunity to recommend to the railways to provide a locker-like space to passengers...\" said the order passed by C K Chaturvedi, president of Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum (New Delhi) . The commission also highlighted the passengers' predicament when it came to using washrooms or going to sleep while travelling alone. \"Are they supposed to hand over their personal belongings to strangers or are they to carry such belongings to the toilet?\" asked the bench.The recommendation, which is being made by the commission for the third time, comes after a complaint was filed by 75-year-old Archana Raj. She had pursued the matter with the Railway Board but \"nothing turned in her favour\". According to Raj, her purse, which she had kept under her head while sleeping, was missing in the morning. Archana and her husband, who were travelling in a AP Express to Delhi, claimed to have lost about Rs 35,000 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Rs 10,000 in cash, a gold chain worth Rs 25,000, three spectacles, some papers and a cheque in this incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428306", "title": "Indian Railways to use vacant land for commercial purpose", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Indian Railways has planned utilisation of railway vacant land for commercial use. For this, a statutory body, Rail Land Development Authority (RLDA), has been set up.Railways network occupies a land area of about 10 lakh acres. About 90% of this land is directly under railway tracks, yards, workshops and allied infrastructure. The vacant land, measuring about 1.13 lakh acres, is mostly in the form of a narrow strip along tracks which railways has been utilising or plans to utilise for its expansion in the form of doubling, third line, quadrupling, gauge conversion, freight corridors, yard remodeling, traffic facility works, workshops, etc and for servicing and maintenance of track and other rail related infrastructure. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428368", "title": "Tricks to stay safe in hotel room", "text": "A guidebook has suggested some sneakier tricks that will help stop you from being an easy target for thieves while in a hotel room .The Lonely Planet Book of Everything by Nigel Holmes has advised travellers to make a list of all valuable things, including models and serial numbers, and to take photos of them.They are then asked to leave a copy of this at home. It suggests insuring valuable things, according to News.com.au.Travellers should also make duplicate copies of important documents (air tickets, passport, visas etc) and give to someone at home, it stated.When choosing room, travellers are advised to make sure that the entrance is well lit and to check if the hotel has security cameras.Again whenever you go out, leave the lights on or you could leave the TV or the radio on too.Close the blinds so no one can see what's inside or if anyone is there and don't forget to lock the doors and close the windows - and the balcony door, the book said.And if there's a telephone in the room, turn down the ringer so that no one can hear it ring out, it stated.It suggests hotel guests not to return their key to the front desk on leaving their room if the key and room number will be hanging behind the desk, visible to everyone.When you are inside your room, keep the door locked at all times when you're inside. If someone knocks on your door and you don't know who it is, don't open it, the book stated.Place a wedge under the door or a chair under the handle or something against the door, so that if someone tries to open it while you're asleep you will know.The book suggests that we could even make your own alarm system and we can do this by simply stacking several glasses (or other objects that will make a noise) next to the door.If the door opens the objects will fall over and make enough noise to wake you, it said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427035", "title": "Gautham\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s big dream", "text": "To work with the stalwarts of Tamil cinema, Rajinikanth and Kamal Haasan, was one of the biggest dreams of Gautham Menon . His dream of making a film with Kamal Haasan come true with Vettaiyadu Vilayadu but the actor wants to make more films with him. The actor revealed in an interview that he will never get tired of making films with the Ulaganayagan.The director also wants to make a film with Superstar Rajinikanth. The director reportedly said that if Rajinikanth wanted to do a film for a director other than the giants of Tamil Cinema including director Shankar and KS Ravikumar, Gautham wishes to be Superstar's first choice.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17428450", "title": "Slumdog reality", "text": "RANCHI: Garbage littered everywhere, open drains, flies hovering around, poverty writ large - these are the hallmarks of a slum anywhere in the world and the slums of the city are not an exception. As many as 101 slums identified by the Ranchi Municipal Corporation (RMC) with 16,049 households having a population of 82,216 people are facing the same problems. Apart from poverty and lack of proper education, sanitation and drinking water facilities remain a distant dream for the slum dwellers of Ranchi.Sharmila Devi, a daily wage earner and resident of a slum in Bajra said, \"I have to walk for a km from my home to the community handpump and queue up for more than an hour to get some water. We still don't have water connection in our houses here.\"There are no proper toilet facilities in several slums, as a result of which people are forced to defecate in the open. \"I usually get up early in the morning and go to the nearby empty plot of land to attend to the call of nature. There is no proper toilet in either our house or anywhere in the slum,\" moaned Monica Mundu, resident of Hesal Basti, near Piska more, which has 87 households with a total population of 513 people.Most of the residents of these slums are illiterate and work as rickshaw pullers, daily wage earners, domestic workers or fruits and vegetable vendors. This explains the unhygienic condition of the area as they are unaware of the side effects of living in such an environment.State head of UNICEF Job Zacariah said, \"In many surveys, it has been found that infant mortality rate and malnutrition is higher in rural and slum areas and unhygienic environment is the main reason behind it, especially lack of toilets.\"He added, \"An experiment done in Africa on hens proved that unhygienic environment is always bad for health. Two sets of fowls were kept in separate environment, one clean and the other unhygienic, and when they were weighed after a few days, it was observed that the fowls kept in clean environment weighed more than those kept in unhygienic environment. We cannot compare humans with chicken but at least the experiment shows that clean environment is always better.\"Officials of RMC, however, claim that they are continuously working towards providing better facilities to the residents of slum under the Basic Service to Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme. Mayor Rama Khalkho said, \"Government of India has approved the detailed project report for about 60 slums. The projects envisages construction of 4,832 houses for the urban poor on the slum land owned by the beneficiaries themselves. As many as 1,034 beneficiaries have already got the fund and the process of releasing funds to 874 beneficiaries is under process.\"About 920 housing units (under G + 3 multi-storied housing system) are being constructed at various slums for the slum dwellers living in government land. In addition to houses, the corporation is also developing other basic infrastructure facilities such as livelihood centre, community hall, lanes and drains, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420545", "title": "Govt will miss Sachin Tendulkar in retail FDI test", "text": "NEW DELHI: As Congress managers do their arithmetic \u00e2\u20ac\u201d counting UPA's vote in the Rajya Sabha \u00e2\u20ac\u201d they would dearly wish cricket maestro Sachin Tendulkar sits out the Kolkata test beginning next week.Having conceded a floor test on FDI in multi-brand retail, Congress strategists are aware the vote in the Rajya Sabha is set to go down to the wire and the ruling coalition will need to pull off a few surprises to pip the Opposition to the post.As it banks on 10 nominated MPs to press the button in its favour, the government will eye Tendulkar's seat number 103 wistfully, perhaps hoping the batting maestro scores in the Upper House rather than at Eden Gardens.The problem for the government is that even if the full complement of nominated MPs, including film star Rekha and businesswoman Anu Aga , vote for the FDI motion, it may still find it difficult to conjure a majority.Crunching numbers in the Rajya Sabha is hardly a Rubik's cube exercise. UPA with \"inside supporters\" has 90 MPs. Its \"outside\" supporters add up to 31. But as of now BSP with 15 and SP with nine are threatening not to vote for the government. So the total adds up to 97.Now, if we toss the 10 nominated MPs and BJD rebel Pyarimohan Mohapatra into the broth, UPA numbers inch up to 108. This is still short of what the government needs because even if SP and BSP abstain, the half way mark is 111.Not willing to cut things so fine, the government managers will use the breathing space they gain before the vote comes up later next week to persuade SP and BSP to do the rescue act. It may find the going easier with BSP and this could see UPA through.SP chief Mulayam Singh Yadav continues to tantalize the Congress, saying politics cannot be foretold and much depends on the evolving situation, though he remains opposed to FDI in retail . In doing so he seems to be over ridding his cousin Ramgopal Yadav's earlier statement that SP will vote against the FDI proposal.BSP is insistent on the government moving a Bill, providing quotas in promotions for scheduled castes and tribes. The government is hoping to bring BSP chief Mayawati around, pointing out that the Bill has been listed.The Rajya Sabha is a lot trickier than Lok Sabha where the FDI vote will go its way even without SP and BSP voting in favour of the government. In the Upper House, the Opposition is also expected to work on votes like those of independent MP Rajeev Chandrashekar. Unattached MP Amar Singh may suddenly find both camps wooing him.A crucial vote always throws up the unexpected and as Congress managers are no rookies in rustling up support, some MPs can go missing or fall ill as was seen when the contentious Lokpal Bill was hotly debated last December.This time, the government will have to pull out all stops to get some of the committed one-MP parties to switch sides even as the role of its former ally Trinamool Congress can prove to be important. If Trinamool abstains along with SP and BSP, the effective strength of the House becomes 212; the halfway mark is 106.This can help the Congress, but it will need quite a remarkable alignment of constellations to ensure that BSP, SP and Trinamool act in concert.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17348519", "title": "Facebook outrage: IG report indicts police", "text": "MUMBAI: The enquiry report on the arrest of two girls for their Facebook comments against the shutdown for Shiv Sena Chief Bal Thackeray's funeral has indicted the policemen involved in initiating action and observed that the arrests could have been avoided.The confidential report submitted to the DGP office has also recommended departmental action against the errant cops, a police official said on condition of anonymity.\"The report filed by Inspector General (Konkan Range) Sukhvindar Singh also mentions that sections applied in the case were not justified,\" the official said adding the police would seek advice from the government on dropping of the charges against the girls.Meanwhile, a national news channel had showed a video clipping stating how Palghar Deputy Superintendent of Police Ramdas Shinde tried to appease the Shiv Sena men and promised action even after the girls had apologised for their facebook comments, though his face was not clearly seen.\"We are registering a case under section 295 A of the IPC and Section 66A of the IT Act. Their family members are here and they are ready to give a written apology. But that doesn't mean we will not register a case. I will also give you a copy of the apology in 15-20 minutes,\" Shinde was seen saying in the video.\"Be rest assured that action will be taken. Please remain calm. An unfortunate incident has taken place. Please don't give in to incitement. I am with you in your sentiments. Please understand me,\" the video showed Shinde as saying.Shaheen Dadha and Renu Srinivasan, both aged 21, from Palghar were arrested on Monday after Dadha posted a Facebook status protesting the Mumbai shutdown after Thackeray's death and Renu 'liked' it. The girls were later released on bail.They were arrested under IPC's sections 295 (A) (deliberate and malicious acts, intended to outrage religious feelings or any class by insulting its religion or religious beliefs) and 505(2) IPC (statements creating or promoting enmity, hatred or ill-will between classes) and the IT ACT.A clinic owned by Shaheen's uncle was also ransacked, allegedly by a group of Shiv Sena workers. Ten people were arrested for the attack but were soon released on a bail of Rs 7,500 each as surety.Following an outrage over the girls' arrest, the state government instituted an enquiry headed by Inspector General (Konkan Range) Sukhvindar Singh, who submitted the report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426781", "title": "'Makkhi' director wants to direct Aamir Khan", "text": "Renowned Telugu director S S Rajamouli has expressed his desire to make a Bollywood film with superstar Aamir Khan.\"I love all actors from here. But I love Aamir Khan the most. I adore him and treat him as a guru. I like the way he makes films, the way he promotes them. If there is a chance, I would jump to direct him because I would learn so much from him,\" Rajamouli told PTI, adding that from 'Sarfarosh', he loved all of Aamir's films.The director's 2006 film ' Vikramarkudu' was remade in Hindi as 'Rowdy Rathore'. The film, starring Akshay Kumar and Sonakshi Sinha in the lead, was a huge hit.His comedy thriller ' Maryada Ramanna' has been remade as ' Son of Sardaar' in Hindi. The film, released this Diwali with Ajay Devgn, Sanjay Dutt , Sonakshi Sinha and Juhi Chawla in the lead, is doing well at the box office.\"I would love to do a Bollywood film. I would like to make a historical or a mythological movie. But again when time will come I don't know what I will do,\" Rajamouli said.\"Our mythology and history have strong and powerful content. Like the story between Rana Pratap and Akbar, Shivaji and Aurangzeb. It takes a lot of effort to bring that on screen. But I would love to take that challenge,\" he added.So, will Aamir be the best and immediate option for his Bollywood debut, Rajamouli says, \"That depends on the story, even though I would love to work with him. I cannot make a story that would not suit him and go ask him.\"On when he sees his Hindi film debut happening, the director said, \"I don't know. I am still in the planning stages. I am planning it to happen in next two years time.\"Known for making 'masala' films down south, Rajamouli, however, does not want to try out that for Bollywood debut.\"I don't see myself making one ('masala' movie in Bollywood). I don't want to go back to mass 'masala' films. I have been doing that from the beginning of my career. I see potential in them. It is just that I moved to universally appealing subjects, I love making films with large canvas like 'Magadheera' (historical romance drama),\" he said.Rajamouli's dream is to make epic Mahabharat's presentation on big screen.\"For 'Mahabharata', I need a lot more experience. May be it would take eight or nine years to start the project,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428426", "title": "Shankar Mahadevan's son sings for Bhaag Milkha", "text": "Singer-composer Shankar Mahadevan's son Siddharth has sung for Rakeysh Omprakash Mehra's \"Bhaag Milkha Bhaag\" and the proud father is all praise for the director.\"Proud moment as a father when I hear my son Siddharth Mahadevan singing for 'Bhaag Milkha Bhaag'. Thank you Rakeysh Mehra for the encouragement,\" tweeted Shankar.Siddharth, 19, had earlier teamed up with cousin Soumil for Marathi film \"Swapna Tuzha Aani Mazha\" for five songs and the background score. The duo have also worked together for various jingles too.Siddharth has even composed a song for Deepa Mehta's \"Midnight's Children.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421201", "title": "Doctors to pay 10 lakh damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: Two doctors, a local nursing home and its owner have been ordered by a consumer forum here to pay Rs 10 lakh as compensation to the widow and minor children of a person for medical negligence in his surgery for removal of gall-bladder in 2008, leading to his death.The South West District Consumer Disputes Redressal Forum held Shakuntla Nursing Home of Sagarpur, its owner J Raj Dhami and Dr Bhupendra Pal Dhami and Dr Vikas Gupta (surgeon) guilty of medical negligence on basis of a Delhi Medical Council report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422518", "title": "Monopolistic distributors threatening film festivals: IFFI director", "text": "PANAJI: Nearly a dozen of multi-national firms have practically monopolized distribution of art films across the world, and are now trying to dictate how to conduct film festivals in different countries, according to Shankar Mohan, director of the international film festival of India.They charge very high amounts for sending films to different festivals, and the amounts hover between 1500 to 2000 euros for two screenings, Shankar told TOI on the sidelines of the festival here.\"They also don't inform where the film is sourced from and when it will arrive because it will be in circulation at some other festival in a different part of the world. Mostly, the films are sent in digital format, which will have their password encrypted on them. They charge an additional amount for giving the password''.\"The festival organizers are kept on tenterhooks till the last minute, as the distributors send the password only at the eleventh hour. Then we don't know whether the password will be able to open the film file,'' Shankar said.The development of digital technology has made film making more accessible to people, and the traditional print will have only archival value in future, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "khanty mansiysk", "code": "17424642", "title": "Anna Ushenina draws first blood", "text": "KHANTY MANSIYSK: Ukrainian Anna Ushenina stands on the threshold of creating history following an upset victory over Antoaneta Stefanova of Bulgaria in the third game of the World Women's chess championship final.After draws in first two games Ushenina drew the first blood in the four-game match leaving Stefanova in a must win situation in the fourth and last game of the finals of the knockout championship that started with 64 players.While the first two games did not give much indication about the outcome of the match, Ushenina, who has not been a favourite, yet again proved that determination and perseverance rules in a gruelling schedule like this.No one had given Ushenina any hopes of winning the title at the start of the event but after the third game of the match she has certainly emerged as the favourite for the crown in this USD 450000 prize money championship.It remains to be seen if Stefanova, the world champion in 2004 in a similar format, will have the energy and the acumen to stage a fight-back in the last game under normal time control. If the Bulgarian is able to pull one back, this will be one of the most remarkable comebacks in recent history and then games of shorter duration will be played to determine the next world champion.It may be recalled here that the World championship earlier this year between Viswanathan Anand and Boris Gelfand of Israel had also been decided under the rapid tiebreaker when both players had arrived at a 6-6 deadlock after 12 games under normal time control.The Indian interest in this championship had ended after the semifinal when D Harika crashed after putting up a brave front right through.Harika lost to Stefanova 0.5-1.5 under normal games after proving that she belongs to the elite club of women players.Ushenina embarked on the Queen pawn opening and faced Chelyabinsk Slav that has given Stefanova many great results.However, the Ukrainian appeared well-armed in the opening for once and caught Stefanova off-guard with a less-played system that gave white a slight advantage out of the opening.Stefanova, however, was in a relentless mood as she tried to find some flaws with white's formation of pieces and launched an offence through the centre that boomeranged in almost no-time.As it happened, Ushenina crashed through the queen side after getting a rook for two minor pieces and her position was completely in control after the 24th move.Stefanova's attempt at counter-play did not materialise thereafter as Ushenina pounced on her chances and gave no space. The game lasted 37 moves.The championship might get over in the next game or might be settled in the tiebreaker, but the chess world for now has found a new face in Anna Ushenina.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421135", "title": "Come back from Mahotsav with goodies and memories", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Lucknow Mahotsav is fast catching public fancy not as much for being an annual feature but for the interesting attractions on offer and has put visitors in shopping mode. TOI took a look at some new entries which either entertain or are ideal for the home.Appliances run on solar power: To lessen the shock of rising price of electricity, appliances which run on solar energy are available at the mahotsav on discount. The solar geyser priced in the market at Rs 38,000 is available here for Rs 29,000. Charged by sunlight in three hours, it supplies hot water for seven hours. Solar water heater priced at Rs 17,850 can be picked up from the mela for Rs 14,000. The solar lantern is for Rs 1,750 after discount. Similarly, if the cap on the subsidy of LPG cylinders has burnt a hole in the pocket, there is solace in the form of solar cooker, though it is not on discount and priced at Rs 6,000. After charging, food can be cooked on solar cooker for three hours. \"Consumers can save on their electrical bill and stop the depletion of the natural resources,\" said Abhishek Srivastava at the stall.Furniture from Saharanpur: From dining table to rocking armchair and from sofa set to beds, furniture from Saharanpur is a big attraction at the mahotsav. Carved in sheesham wood, the furniture presents a Mughal look. \"We use sheesham only because it provides long life to the furniture, since the timber is immune to water and insects,\" said Ajmal Khan, a shopkeeper. He added that the design remains constant but demand for Saharanpur furniture is always high because of the fine craft. The wide range of furniture costs from Rs 10,000 to 2,00,000.Wonder of wonders: Tagged by many as the 'eighth wonder of the world', the 18-inch tall and 40-year-old man, has no bone in his left hand or leg. To entertain the visitors, he twists his boneless hand and leg like a cloth being wrung to dry. He showers blessings on visitors and one has to shell out Rs 10 to meet him. \"Since birth, I am like this. Instead of begging, I prefer to earn money visiting fairs across the country,\" said Suniel, the holy man, a native of Haridwar.'Paan' relief from pain: Not only is the 'paan' (green betel) a delicious mouth freshener and a colouring agent for lips, it can also relieve from body pain and oral ulcers. The new variety of paan at the Lucknow Mahotsav, its seller claims, can cure backache, chest pain (burning sensation caused by acidity), cold, cough, oral ulcers and digestive problems. \"Fatigue gives rise to pain in body parts and herbal items wrapped into the paan act like a medicine. Our paan is tasty as well as healthy,\" said stall owner Azhar Ahmad. He adds that after eating heavy food, paan provides relief. Starting from Rs 20 apiece, the price of the special paan goes up to Rs 70.Get clicked 'with' celebrities: If you want to flaunt your photograph in which you are with Katrina Kaif or Priyanka Chopra or Salman Khan in a luxurious car or motorbike, visit the photo studio at the Lucknow Mahotsav. For once, the studio has an original car and bike. But the film stars are cardboard cutouts. \"After your picture is clicked, it seems you were actually standing besides the actors,\" says the photographer. The cost of a picture is Rs 30 and the photograph is ready in five minutes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425989", "title": "Can never turn my back on TV: Ram Kapoor", "text": "Forget the weight, there's more to Ram Kapoor than meets the eye. He's one of the most popular and sought after actors on Television who is also coming to prominence on the silver screen.After creating waves as Ram in Balaji Telefilms' Bade Achhe Lagte Hain , speculations are rife that the actor might quit the show. And Ram refuses to comment at this point.But will he quit television altogether for films? \"Television has given me too much. I can never turn my back on it. It's just that the time has come for me to achieve in films. With television, I've already done that. Let's see how far I can go. A lot is happening in my life currently so I am trying to compartmentalize things\", says Ram.Adding, \"What is life without risks? People tell me why are you leaving television for smaller roles in films? But you have got to go at your priorities with both your barrels. What if I make it, what if I don't? You can't have such thoughts. Because I did a small role in Ek Main Aur Ek Tu, Karan Johar offered me Student of The Year. Look at Irrfan Khan. He started with television and then took a sabbatical. He started with smaller roles and see where he is today! Some people just have the personality to take risks\".\"Luckily, I am making the right career choices. I'm not going to quit anything forever. That's not my style. But you have to take a backseat with one medium for the other to take up!\"Television or the big screen, we love Ram Kapoor either way!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422577", "title": "I&B; ministry's Iffi focus wrong: Entertainment Society of Goa", "text": "PANAJI: The focus of the international film festival of India (Iffi) will continue to be wrong as long as the information and broadcasting ministry keeps inviting Bollywood stars like Akshay Kumar and Shah Rukh Khan to inaugurate the festival, Vishnu Wagh, vice-chairperson of the Entertainment Society of Goa (ESG), told TOI on Thursday. He said that the ESG is no longer willing to play the role of only a public relations agency in the organization of Iffi.\"We have not understood the real meaning of a film festival. We cannot be serious about cinema and our focus for the festival will continue to be wrong. We need to call filmmakers from around the world of the caliber of Satyajit Ray , otherwise we are just gathering crowds,\" Wagh said.He said that the contribution of Bollywood stars to cinema is negligible or non-existent. \"What is the contribution of Bollywood stars to cinema? If they are really concerned about cinema, they should come for Iffi on their own. They demand money to attend the festival,\" Wagh said.He said that the ESG will not finalize the memorandum of understanding with the I&B; ministry until the society gets a bigger role in the Iffi organization. Wagh said that the planning for next year's Iffi will begin from January 2013 itself.\"The MoU for this Iffi was signed in April itself by the previous government, and so we had no option but to go ahead with it. But next time we will not sign the MoU if we are not given more participation in Iffi's organizations. It was okay with us if the I&B; ministry was funding the festival entirely. But Goa has a financial, physical and emotional connection with the festival,\" he said.Wagh said that he plans to reserve at least one theatre at next Iffi to showcase Goan films.\"This year, if ESG had more powers, we would screen classic Indian cinema in villages across Goa as these are the people who need to see these films. Iffi is screening these classics as part of 100 years of Indian cinema, but most students of films and scholars have already seen these films,\" Wagh said.He said that from the feedback received, it was said that the hospitality warmer this year due to the ESG vice-chairperson and chief minister Manohar Parrikar's close involvement as against the Iffi organized during the previous government's rule. \"The festival was seen as an elite one until last year. This year, the interaction with the common person by the officials was greater,\" Wagh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422271", "title": "One more PIL on dengue deaths", "text": "MADURAI: One more PIL has been filed before the Madurai bench seeking suitable compensation for the kin of victims of dengue. The petition stated that 45 people died in Melur taluk due to dengue so far and their family should be provided suitable compensation by the state.Prior to this PIL, another was filed by advocate K K Ramesh in October before the bench, in which the petitioner contended that four persons died due to dengue and their family members should be given Rs 2 lakh each.The PIL present filed by advocate B Stalin of Melur taluk, said mosquito-related diseases occur due to poor civic amenities. The authorities had failed to keep Melur municipality clean, the petitioner stated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421683", "title": "Shettar's stock bound to go up after refusing Cauvery water to Tamil Nadu", "text": "BANGALORE: With too many political issues on his plate, chief minister Jagadish Shettar's tough stand not to release water to Tamil Nadu has earned him brownie points.Even the slightest hint of agreeing to release water would have invited the wrath of not only the opposition parties, but the Cauvery basin people too. Keeping this in view, Shettar made a strong presentation at the meeting on why Karnataka isn't in a position to give water.A senior BJP leader maintained that the Cauvery row was the next biggest challenge for Shettar after the threat by former CM B S Yeddyurappa to destabilize the government. \"He has handled the Cauvery water row well,\" state BJP president K S Eshwarappa said. With this, the party feels it can confidently handle opposition parties at the Belgaum session and after that.Asked whether the BJP had won in this long-drawn tussle, Shettar said there's no party politics involved. \"It's all about water-sharing between two states, no politics involved here.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422578", "title": "Ponty Chadha case: Namdhari booked for murder", "text": "NEW DELHI: On a day when Sukhdev Singh Namdhari, sacked chief of Uttarakhand's minorities commission, was booked for the murder of businessman Hardeep Chadha, crime branch sources told TOI that their investigations point to the possibility of Chadha being cornered and killed by Namdhari and his gunman Sachin Tyagi.Hardeep and his elder brother, liquor baron Ponty Chadha, were killed in a shootout at their Chhatarpur farmhouse on November 17. Namdhari, a known associate of Ponty, was with him at the time.Setting witness accounts of Hardeep killing Ponty aside, police are also investigating whether a shot - accidental or otherwise - from Namdhari or Tyagi killed Ponty. TOI had reported on November 26 about police's suspicions regarding shots fired by Namdhari and Tyagi hitting Ponty. A source confirmed that reconstruction of the crime scene, and analysis of the trajectory of bullets and injuries on Ponty's body supports this possibility. \"Hardeep's bullets could not have hit the right side of Ponty's chest from the front, nor his back near the hip,\" a source said.Recent analyses show Hardeep was hit by a bullet each from the duo. In all, Namdhari and Tyagi fired five-six rounds. The rest of the shots are anyway unaccounted for, an official said. A senior crime branch official said, \"We have booked Namdhari for murder. Two people were killed. We don't want to jump to a conclusion so early. Let us see the ballistic and forensic lab reports first.\" Police's appeal to the court on Thursday makes it clear that they believe Namdhari and Tyagi fired at Hardeep not in self-defence - as claimed earlier - but with the intention to kill.A man named Satnam alias Satte, who allegedly started the firing at the Chhatarpur farmhouse during a raid to capture it on the morning of the shootout, has also been arrested. However, Namdhari's eldest son, driver and a relative named Hardayal have managed to evade police.Namdhari was initially accused of trespass and attempt to murder. However, he was booked for murder only on Thursday after police took into account findings from the crime scene, forensic experts' suggestions, the postmortem report and witness accounts.Sources said Namdhari and Tyagi may have cornered Hardeep after he shot at Ponty and his security manager Narender Ahlawat. \"It's possible that he ran for cover to the guard room after being shot, and collapsed there,\" a source said.\"No blood trail has been found as blood takes time to ooze out from a shot wound, and the distance between the shootout spot and the guard room is not more than 6-7 steps,\" a crime branch officer said. Crime branch might soon book Tyagi as well as Ponty's manager Narender Ahlawat, who claims to remember nothing of the shootout beyond being wounded by Hardeep. He has told police his wife took him to hospital after he regained consciousness and called her up.\"We aren't convinced about what Narender told the south district police. He claimed his wife took him to hospital in faraway Gurgaon, and also that he hailed an auto to get there. The time mentioned by him does not agree with the chain of events or the hospital records,'' said an officer. Police have so far questioned more than 100 people in connection with the case and have arrested seven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422290", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcSave girl child\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 now part of wedding ritual in Jhunjhunu", "text": "JAIPUR: After the saat phera and agni sakhshi , health department authorities in Jhunjhunu will make the newly weds take an \"official\" vow.Stung by the increasing cases of female feticide, couples will have to sign an affidavit after completing the customary seven rounds proclaiming that they would not possess any bias towards the girl child. They will have to take an oath that the bride will never undergo sex determination test. This was decided four days after bodies of two new born girls were found at separate locations in Jhunjhunju. The sex ratio of males to females is the lowest in this district in the state.Jhunjhunu's deputy chief medical and health officer Dr Pradeep Singh told TOI, for the first time in the state, such a scheme is being launched under \"Save the Girl Child\" project.\"To raise awareness against female feticide and infanticide, we have termed it the eighth vow of marriage. We have printed about 3,000 affidavits which will be handed over to newly weds during the marriage ceremony in the district,\" said Singh.The affidavit reads: \"We take the eighth pledge that the bride will not undergo sex determination test. We will do our best to save the girl child and also raise awareness among others.\" The affidavit will be authorised by the minister of state for health Dr Rajkumar Sharma and signed by the couple.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424065", "title": "Udyog Vihar garment firm burgled", "text": "GURGAON: Burglars barged into a garment company, located in Udyog Vihar Phase-IV on Wednesday night and fled with stolen fabrics and other valuables. Udyog Vihar police have lodged an FIR.According to police, Anish Tandon, resident of Greater Kailash, New Delhi had lodged a complaint with police that on Wednesday he found that his garment company had been burgled by unknown people. He said his garment export firm, Anish India Export, was located in Udyog Vihar Phase-IV.In his complaint, Tandon told police that 4,000 metres of fabric and other valuables were found missing from his garment house.Udyog Vihar police have lodged an FIR against unnamed burglars and were investigating. \"We are on the job and the accused will be arrested soon,\" the investigating officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423177", "title": "Pregnant domestic help accuses employer of rape", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 23-year-old woman has filed a complaint of rape with Gujarat University police station. She has told police that her 50-year-old employer raped her in his house near Vijay Crossroads on Wednesday. Police have started questioning the accused and sent the victim for medical examination.Police said that Chagan and Rupa (names changed), natives of Dahod, used to work as construction labourers in the city.Recently, Chagan got to know that Rupa was pregnant and he decided to change their vocation. He approached Bharat Rawal, a resident of Maganlal Park, who had placed an advertisement for the domestic helps in a newspaper. The duo started working for him a fortnight back.\"In her complaint, Rupa said that she and Chagan had taken a day's leave as his mother was unwell. On Tuesday, the couple spent the day at hospital and sent their mother to Dahod. On Wednesday, they reported at work at 10 am. Soon Rawal asked Chagan to go and clean his bungalow in Naroda,\" said a Gujarat University police official.At 3 pm, Rawal called Rupa and asked her to clean the bedroom. As per her complaint, when she was working, Rawal entered the room and locked it from inside. He then raped her. There was no one else in the house at that time.He later threatened her not to tell anyone about the crime or he would kick the duo out of job, she has complained.\"When Chagan came back from work, he sensed that something was wrong. On questioning, Rupa broke down and narrated the incident. Enraged, he confronted Rawal who denied the incident and asked the duo to leave immediately. He also abused them about their caste and said that it was their ploy to extract money from him. They then approached us,\" police said.Senior officials said that the investigation has been handed over to assistant commissioner of police, B Division, B R Patel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423403", "title": "Health problems drive two elderly people to suicide", "text": "CHENNAI: Two elderly people, including the mother of a policeman, committed suicide by self-immolation in separate incidents on Wednesday. Both decided to end their lives due to chronic health problems, police said.Sixty-two-year-old Saroja, whose son Rajasekaran is a head constable with the Vigilance and Anti-Corruption wing, was alone at home in the Otteri police quarters when she doused herself with kerosene and set herself ablaze at 10.45pm.Saroja, an asthmatic, had been suffering from severe knee pain for long. She was upset that treatment for her ailments hadn't yielded results. Rajasekaran told police that his mother was upset that her health hadn't shown no signs of improving.The same night, in Mylapore, 51-year-old Saravanan burnt himself in his house, reportedly because he was unable to bear stomach pain.The employee of a PDS outlet, Saravanan was being treated at a private hospital in Mylapore and had stopped going to the shop for the past one year. Despite a prolonged period of treatment, there was no improvement in his condition. He was admitted to a private hospital for a couple days and after that he appeared to be upset, police said after talking to his family.On Wednesday, when his family members were asleep, he set himself ablaze. Hearing his cries, they woke up and rushed him to hospital where he died. \"His family could not afford to spend more on medicines and he had to bear the education expenses of his three children,\" said an investigating officer.Explaining suicidal tendencies among old people, geriatrician Dr V S Natarajan said such tendencies develop when they think they are lonely and are dependent on their children even for medical help.In most cases, if they suffer from a chronic ailment, they lose hope and fail to take care of themselves. They could think that committing suicide is a way out.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17424054", "title": "Friends, family rally around ailing Manisha", "text": "One of the most keenly followed stars in her hey days, Manisha Koirala's bond with the film fraternity may have grown tenuous in recent times, but the news of her sudden illness saw her old friends and family rally around the feisty star.Manisha, who is recovering from a failed marriage, was admitted to Jaslok Hospital on Wednesday after she fell unconscious. Even as concerned friends and well-wishers kept waiting for an update on her condition, the spokesperson refused to divulge much on the exact nature of her ailment. However, according to sources at the hospital, Koirala is being treated by onco-surgeon Dr Suresh Advani.\"Manisha is responding well to the treatment and she has been referred for a few tests today. Unless we review the results, the exact nature of her illness cannot be known. And commenting about it till then will be mere speculation,\" said Krishnakant Dasyam, head of marketing and spokesperson for Jaslok hospital.Dasyam said that Manisha has requested the details of her ailment to be kept confidential. \"So, even if the test results arrive, we will have to seek her permission before we can communicate the nature of her ailment to the public,\" Dasyam added.The secrecy around her ailment fuelled intense speculation about what is exactly wrong with the 42-year-old actress, who was once the favourite of A-list filmmakers and was one of the first heroines to work with all the three Khans.Always seen as the quintessential independent woman, her health scare brought her family to her side. \"Her brother was at the hospital all day. One of her family members will stay with her all night. She is weak but she is okay. She had four visitors today in her suite, all of them were her immediate family members,\" said a hospital source.Manisha's friends are optimistic. \" Woh manage kar legi biru ,\" said one of her oldest pals, Jackie Shroff . \"She is not a quitter. She has battled so much more in her life that a mere illness won't be able to defeat her.\" Ram Gopal Varma , one of Manisha's closest colleagues, spoke to TOI twice, just to enquire about her. \"I have not been able to communicate with her... I've been getting these text messages about her health that got me very worried,\" said RGV.Manisha's neighbour and family friend actor Gulshan Grover said he was with her family in spirit. \"She is a strong girl and I hope she will be able to win this battle just as she had won the others,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422555", "title": "Telegu star to be chief guest for Iffi closing", "text": "PANAJI: Nandamuri Balakrishna, son of Telugu superstar NT Rama Rao, will be the chief guest for the closing ceremony of the 43rd International Film Festival of India (Iffi), Iffi organizers said. Hollywood filmmaker Paul Cox will be the guest of honour at the ceremony. The closing ceremony will see the screening of the Mira Nair film 'The Reluctant Fundamentalist', which is based on a book by the same name. Mira Nair will be present for the screening of the film and will be landing in Goa on the morning of November 30. Iffi director Shankar Mohan said that Shreya Sarin, Vivek Oberoi and Divya Dutta are other stars who have agreed to be present for the closing ceremony of Iffi this year.No Sweet Experience This: The screening of the film Barfi at Iffi on Thursday turned ugly when delegates queued up in numbers which were three times the seating capacity of the theatre screening the film at Maquinez Palace in Old GMC complex. The film, which had hit the theatres only few months ago, had pulled in huge crowds to theatres and interested Indian film enthusiasts at the festival. The delegates insisted that they will sit on the aisles of the screening hall to watch the films but were stopped from entering the theatre by festival executives. Finally, the police personnel at the festival had to be called in to control the crowd and large numbers had to turn away disappointed.Exotic Touch: Turkish filmmaker F Sekkar Acar, who is at Iffi for the screening of his film Love &amp; Revolution, said that the interest in Turkish cinema is growing across the world. Iffi has provided for a separate section on Turkish films this year and cinema halls were full during screening of most of the films. More recently, the James Bond film Skyfall was shot in Turkey. \"We make around 60 to 70 films in Turkey each year. We also make quite a few art house films. Recently many film festivals across the world have invited Turkish films for screening. The films are being increasingly recognized for their content,\" Acar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421120", "title": "At vice-chancellor\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s durbar, staff &amp; students raise queries", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi University vice-chancellor, Dinesh Singh, held a public meeting with students and staff on Thursday. The meeting was held amid protests by students and teachers against rejection of 32 applications for special chance and evaluation system. Such public meeting will be held every Thursday from now on.Singh, supported by a team of officials and deans, fielded questions on attendance, employment issues of non-teaching staff and later, when DUSU brought the protest to the door at Gandhi Bhawan, special chance. Singh argued that special chance placed a tremendous amount of pressure on the exam branch. \"We'll allow it if you can tell me in writing that you will have no objection to the results of those currently studying in DU being delayed because of special chance,\" DUSU president Arun Hooda was told.Singh's team explained that the provision was withdrawn to give \"relief to exam branch\". To accommodate re-testing of students who took admission years ago the university has to dig up years-old syllabus, set question papers and then find people to evaluate them, said officials.Officials also clarified that the withdrawal of special chance is not necessarily the last word; it may be re-introduced later. Alka Sharma, registrar, said an interim court order had asked the university's standing committee to consider the applications for justifiable reasons for the student who were unable to complete their course in six years. \"The committee went case by case,\" she said.Raaid Hooda who had applied for special chance, however, smelled a \"conspiracy\". \"The order came on November 22. They waited till November 29 to hold the meeting and the exams start tomorrow (November 30). Not even one form was accepted. They deliberately delayed things so that we don't have time to approach the court,\" he said.Singh also promised to resolve attendance-related issues of a batch of students from Dyal Singh College who, after being allowed to write three semester exams, were suddenly detained from writing the fourth due to lack of attendance. He also heard another student who was detained from writing her law exam for lack of attendance due to pregnancy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17423057", "title": "Artists planning bigger shows", "text": "LUDHIANA: Eight artists are showcasing their creations at a Gurdev Nagar gallery in the city. The exhibition will continue till December 5. The group, which is called Hyphen Art Alliance, is planning bigger shows in Amritsar and Chandigarh.One of the exhibits, a peacock made of scrap metal by Harminder Singh Boparai was greatly appreciated. Through her paintings, Saru S tried to depict the relationship between animals and plants and what man could learn from it. Animals coexist with plants but humans find it difficult to comprehend the need to protect the environment despite our greater intelligence,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17399672", "title": "Bipasha to walk the ramp in Goa", "text": "Bollywood actor Bipasha Basu will take to the runway at the India Resort Fashion Week (IRFW) here. She will flaunt a creation by designer duo Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor .She will be seen at their show Friday night.The theme of Anjalee and Arjun Kapoor's collection is the Mughal Opera. It comprises ruffled tops and high-waist skirts in nude and metallic colours as well as a lot of colourful hues. They have used fabrics like silk jersey, chiffons and metal embellishment for the collection.The IRFW begins Nov 28, and will end Dec 1. It will also witness veteran actress Zeenat Aman doing the catwalk for designer Riyaz Gangji .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17425990", "title": "Murder accused evades court, found guilty after 15 years", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: An accused in a murder case, who was evading prosecution for 15 years after going out on bail, was found guilty by the fast track court-I here on Thursday. The accused, Shemi alias Mohanan of Kanjiramkulam, who was the fifth accused in Madhu murder case, was found guilty by fast track judge E M Mohammed Ibrahim. The sentence will be pronounced on Friday.The incident related to the case happened in March 1997. A dispute between two sections of the local residents at Kudavoor near Kanjiramkulam over the conduct of a local festival had resulted in the murder. The police then arrested nine people in connection with the case. All of them availed bail from the court. But Shemi had been missing after he secured bail. This also affected the trial of the case. Later, the rest of the accused were tried and the first and third accused Shibu and Dasan were convicted by the court whereas the others were exonerated.A few weeks ago, Shemi reappeared before the court and renewed his bail bond and faced the trial. But he lost the case and the judge pronounced him guilty of the crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17423296", "title": "Bulandshahr honour killing: Rs 20,000 compensation for widow of victim", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the prime accused Salman in the alleged honour killing case was arrested on Thursday, officials of the Bulandshahr district administration visited Mahwish (25) and assured her of proper security, help and justice. Mahwish's husband Hakim (29) was allegedly killed by her family members on November 22, as she had married against the wishes of the parents.The administration initially denied that the case was that of honour killing, but swung into action following widespread public outrage after media highlighted the matter.The move came after Mahwish accused the police of trying to hush up the case and pressurising her to change the statement. She also feared a threat to her life and daughter and claimed that the police had brought an ambulance on Wednesday and wanted her to hospitalise allegedly to prevent her from talking to media.On Thursday, officials led by district magistrate Navdeep Rinwa met Mahwish and promised full security to her and her 18-month-old daughter. Besides approving financial aid under the Below Poverty Line Widow Pension Scheme, the administration also gave her Rs 20,000 as compensation from the National Family Benefit Scheme. Further, Mahwish, who is also nine-month pregnant, was also assured of free medical assistance during delivery.The district magistrate promised that Mahwish will also be provided assistance from the chief minister's relief fund, besides various other benefits of government schemes. He also said that a doctor and a nurse have been deputed at Mahwish's house to attend her. The officials also promised to grant fire arm license to Mahwish's in-laws for self defence and help them in getting back their land in their native village Adholi, where they lived before being banished by the panchayat.The police initially said that the killing was due to old enmity between Salman and Hakim, but following public pressure lodged FIR against five persons including Mahwish's family members. Four accused have been arrested so far. The fifth one, Salman, the prime accused, was arrested on Thursday from Adholi. Others arrested are Asif, Sarwar and Gullu.Hakim and Mahwish were neighbours in Adholi village of Bulandshahr. They eloped after falling in love in 2010 and got married after Mahwesh's family refused to accept Hakim on grounds that he belonged to a lower class. After the couple eloped, the village panchayat ordered Hakim's family to leave the village and allegedly issued diktat to kill the couple. Hakim and Mahwish were on the run for almost two years. Later, they approached Allahabad High Court, which directed the police to provide security to the couple. Thereafter, the couple decided to live in the house of Hakim's uncle in Bhargardi village, two kilometres from Adholi.Meanwhile, police arrested the prime accused Salman in the case. Senior Superintendent of Police, Bulandshahr, Gulab Singh said two country-made pistols were also recovered from his possession. Police suspect the arms recovered from him were used in the crime, he added. According to police Salman and Hakim had old enmity. On November 22, Hakim misbehaved with Salman's mother. The latter shot dead Hakim in a fit of rage.On the other hand, a delegation from activist Arvind Kejriwal's newly-floated Aam Admi Party also met Mahwish. The 10- member team, led by party member Sanjay Singh, expressed disappointment over deterioration in law and order in UP. Singh accused the police of trying to cover up such incidents by not properly pursuing the cases, thus helping offenders to get off the hook.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421909", "title": "Massive demonstration outside Indian Institute of Management to protest sexual harassment", "text": "BANGALORE: The alleged sexual harassment of a medical officer by the chief administrative officer of the Indian Institute of Management - Bangalore took a serious turn with a women's rights organization staging a protest at the institute on Thursday morning. Protestors gathered against the alleged failure of the institute to take action against the accused.\"Despite the IIMB's own rule that the gender sensitivity committee shall submit its report within a month of receipt of the complaint and the director shall initiate action within 10 days of the receipt of report, no final orders on the inquiry report have been given to the director. Why is there such a delay?\" asked Dona Fernandez, founder, Vimochana.The lady doctor who joined the institute as a medical officer made an oral complaint in November 2010 to the chairperson of the Gender Sensitivity Committee ( GSC) and to the director and the then dean (administration) of IIM-B in December 2010. When the problem persisted, she filed a written complaint in June 2011. The GSC began its inquiry in March 2012. The report was submitted to the director in August 2012 with recommendations and final disposal.The protesters wanted director Pankaj Chandra to give a reply on the delay. Employees of the institute were away from work for almost two hours.InstitutespeakThe entire processing of the case has not been completed. Once this is completed, all parties concerned will be informed and provided with relevant information.Aparna Datta | head of communications, IIMB", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425777", "title": "Kanakadasa Jayanti begins on Dec 1", "text": "MYSORE: The 525th Kanakadasa Jayanti celebrations will begin in the city from December 1 and will continue for four days.The event will be inaugurated by district in-charge minister SA Ramdas on December 1. Prior to the inauguration, a procession will be taken out from Kote Sri Anjaneyaswamy temple to Kalamandira. Bangalore-based Nagarathna and troupe will stage the play 'Bhakta Kanakadasa' after the inauguration.The celebration is being organized by the district administration in association with Santa Sri Kanakadasara Jayatyotsava. On the same day, a book release function along with cultural programmes will be held at Jaganmohan Palace. 'Dasadwayara Nudigalalli Jeevana Kale' book penned by writer Triveni will be released.On December 2, Kanakavani programme from Puthur Narasimhanayak is being held. On December 3, music programme from Shashidhar Kote and Troupe. On last day, dance-drama 'Kanaka Kanda Krishna' is organized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421174", "title": "Report wants civic chief to decide on the fate of Sena stage at Shivaji Park", "text": "MUMBAI: In an internal report prepared by the BMC G-North ward office, civic chief Sitaram Kunte has been asked to decide on the fate of a structure created by the Shiv Sena at Shivaji Park where party chief Bal Thackeray's last rites were carried out.The report has also been sent to the local police station. \"Cops' advice has been sought as the nod to set up the stage was granted only for a day,\" a source said, adding that the officials were concerned with December 6, Ambedkar's death anniversary, round the corner, when lakhs are expected to congregate at Shivaji Park.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17423424", "title": "UN endorses India\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s Aakash outreach", "text": "WASHINGTON: India's push to digitally empower millions of its poor students with lowcost , government-subsidized , internet-enabled tablets won UN endorsement on Wednesday despite raging controversy and misgivings on the provenance and pricing of the device.UN Secretary General Ban Ki-Moon personally approved the Indian effort at the UN Headquarters where dozens of envoys from across the world gathered for a peek at the Aakash II device that its makers (British-Canadian-Indian company Datawind) and chief patron (Government of India) say will revolutionize education and commerce.\"I know that in Hindi, 'Aakash' means sky,\" Ban Kimoon said in brief remarks. \"I want to encourage partners around the world to work with the United Nations to help young people reach for the sky and meet their dreams.\"India's ambassador to the UN, Hardip Singh Puri, took the opportunity of India's rotational chairing of the UN Presidency to project New Delhi's digital push, with Datawind CEO Suneet Singh Tuli also in attendance. Both men strenuously contested reports in the Indian media that the Aakash II is primarily a Madein-China device with marginal value addition in India.''It was a very poor attempt at orchestrating a controversy when you realize that this Aakash II was going to be showcased in New York at the UN,\" Puri claimed, maintaining that the Government of India had floated a global tender that did not stipulate the device had to be manufactured in India.China's Ambassador to the UN Li Baodong also attended the event and heard Ban Kimoon rave about India being a \"superpower on the information superhighway.\" \"India is a critical player on security issues ... but you are also a leader in development and technology ,\" Ban said. \"There is a reason places like Hyderabad are called Cyberabad.\"In several interviews on the margins of the event, Datawind CEO Tuli contested reports that his company was merely channeling a Chinamanufactured device into India , saying value-addition and indigenization is a gradual process and only initial expediency had led to the import of devices that were largely kitted in China even though the final assembly and programming was done in India.Tuli made the case that modern manufacturing process involved sourcing components from across the world. In the case of Aakash II, the touch screen, which accounts for a significant cost of the device , would eventually be manufactured in new facilities in India. \"In my mind there is no controversy, all that there is is sensationalism,\" Tuli said.That hasn't stopped critics from panning what they say in misrepresentation about the origin of the device and even the costing. Although the tablet itself received good marks for its functionality at low cost, gearhead reviewers say Chinese companies are cranking out tablets at similar price points. The only value addition comes from India-specific programming on the devices to meet the demands of the Indian market and only the promised 50% government subsidy will drag it down to the $20 price point that has attracted world-wide attention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421850", "title": "President Pranab to visit Golpark home on trip to Kolkata", "text": "KOLKATA: President Pranab Mukherjee will be on a two-day visit to the city on Friday evening to attend a felicitation ceremony organized by the High Court Bar Association. At the programme, to be held on Saturday, the President will share the dais with Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir who will also be felicitated at the event.Though, according to protocol, Mukherjee will put up at the Prince of Wales suite of Raj Bhavan, he will visit his Golpark residence for five hours on Saturday, after attending the Bar Association event at Netaji Indoor Stadium.On Thursday, security personnel held a series of meetings at his apartment in Golpark to decide on the necessary arrangements.Sources said the President will meet a host of visitors when he goes home for some hours.Subhra Ghosh, Pradesh Congress secretary and a relative of the President, said that a number of people had sought his appointment and the President's office was scrutinizing the list.\"I will be meeting him in the capacity of a relative and not as a political person. But there are several other politicians who want to meet the President. Even some old friends of his are likely to meet him. It is going to be a reunion of sorts at the Mukherjee home after a long time,\" Subhra said.The President will, however, be on a tight schedule. On Saturday evening, he will be at Town Hall to attend another programme.Officials at Writers' Buildings could not confirm if chief minister Mamata Banerjee will go to Raj Bhavan to meet Mukherjee on Saturday night. But since protocol demands that the CM pay a visit, Mamata may attend the dinner hosted by Governor MK Narayanan for the President, the officials added.Mamata's cabinet colleagues are, however, expected to receive the President on Friday and see him off on Sunday morning at the RCTC helipad.President Pranab Mukherjee will be visiting his south Kolkata home after a gap of two months on Saturday, but may skip his favourite mach-bhat, as on Saturdays he mostly prefers to fast and sometimes he takes some fruits instead of any meal. Though the state administration is getting ready with all kinds of delicacies ready for President during his two days stay in the city, but during his five hour stay at home he will hardly have some fruit juice, a source said.President Mukherjee is coming down to the city for the felicitation programme organized by the High Court bar association which is going to be held on Saturday and after that Mukherjee will head for his Goplark home. The high court bar association will be also felicitating another top Bengali - Chief Justice of India Altamas Kabir. The two top Bengalis are going to be presented with various gift items, an official said.However, officials at Writers' Buildings could not confirm if the chief minister Mamata Banerjee will be going to meet the President at the Raj Bhavan on Saturday night, but when the President is in town the CM has to attend him according to protocol. So, the CM can attend the dinner hosted by the Governor for the President. Though some of the cabinet ministers will be there to receive him on Friday and bid farewell on Sunday morning at RCTC helipad. The president will also attend a programme at Town hall on Saturday evening.Already on Thursday the security men held a series of meetings at his residence and did some recce of the security. President who will be coming down to the city on Friday evening will be staying at Raj Bhavan as per protocol. Last month the President stayed three days at his ancestral home at Mirati in Birbhum and performed Durga Puja. However, the President will be staying at Raj Bhavan at Prince of Wales suite.But on Saturday after the felicitation programme at Netaji Indoor stadium, the president will be meeting a series of visitors at his home. Subhra Ghosh, a Pradesh Congress secretary and a close relative of the president said that already a number of person had sought his appointment and the President's office is scrutinizing the list. \"However, I will be meeting him as a relative and not as a political person. But there are several other politicians who want to meet the President. Even some old friends of the President are also likely to meet him. It is going to be a reunion at Mukherjee's home after a long time,\" Subhra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17374703", "title": "Book Shiv Sena office-bearer who filed a complaint against Palghar girls: Counsel", "text": "MUMBAI: The counsel of Palghar girls Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan has demanded that the police book the Shiv Sena office-bearer, who had filed a complaint against the duo over an innocuous internet post, exposing his malicious intention. Dhada and Srinivasan were arrested and later released on bail. Dhada had posted a comment over the complete shutdown in Mumbai in the aftermath of Bal Thackeray's death while Srinivasan had shared the post on her page.\"Rule 113 (12) in the police manual says that at the time of registration of the FIR, the complainant should be told not to exaggerate or provide false facts. Furnishing false information is punishable under section 177 of the Indian Penal Code. Bhushan Sankhe, Sena city president for Palghar, who lodged a complaint against Dhada and Srinivasan, did so only to gain political mileage,\" said Sudhir Gupta, the girls' counsel.Gupta also said that the closure report needs to be a B Summary which says that the complaint was false and had been filed with a malicious intent and not a C summary complaint was false but filed because of a misunderstanding and without malicious intention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421868", "title": "Barmy Army takes guard in City of Joy", "text": "KOLKATA: Even before the England and Indian teams touch down in the city for the third Test match, the Barmy Army members have started to check in here.What was started by three friends on the 1994-95 Ashes tour, the Barmy Army has been supporting the England cricket team all over the world for over 15 years now. And they will be shouting for their side at the Eden Gardens too when skippers Alaister Cook and Mahendra Singh Dhoni will walk out for the toss on Wednesday.According to Cricket Association of Bengal (CAB) sources, around 1,000 Barmy Army members are expected to fill up the stands for the five days of the Test match.However, it's not only cricket that is on the plate during their India tour. Some even find time to know the country closely.Patrick Martin, a member of the gang, visited the Eden Gardens with two of his friends on Thursday. \"I am moving along with two of my friends and have reached the city a bit early. We three will thus be going to Darjeeling tomorrow and will return on December 4, the eve of the Test match,\" he said.Patrick has been travelling to different parts of the world with the English team for the last couple of years. \"I have been to Australia and West Indies before,\" he said.Talking about the ongoing India-England series, he said previously there was not much of an expectation among the fans about the team's prospects and defeat in the first Test had only put them off more. \"But we have come back very strongly in Mumbai and that has rekindled the interest,\" the Londoner said. Patrick said after the Mumbai victory, the news of the series is now sharing headlines with the much popular English Premier League back in England.Most of the Barmy Army men are excited to be in Kolkata after a long time.\"We have not played a Test match at the Eden Gardens for long. Hence we will be coming here in full strength this time,\" he said.Eden Gardens is known to attract huge supporters and the Barmy Army is ready for the challenge. \"We are ready to give you all a good challenge,\" Patrick said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421546", "title": "Five officials milked Rs 2 crore from public distribution system", "text": "BANGALORE: The Karnataka Food and Civil Supplies Corporation Limited (KFCSCL) has ordered suspension of five officials for alleged misappropriation of levy paddy and rice meant for supply under the public distribution system (PDS).KFSCSCL has estimated a loss of Rs 2 crore to the state exchequer by collecting sub-standard rice from the rice mills meant to supply rice to the Corporation, allegedly with the connivance of these five officials.Those suspended are district manager Ramachandra H Rao, office manager BR Gopalakrishna and senior assistant S Ramadas at the corporation's Shimoga district office, senior assistant VJ Javaraiah of the Chamarajanagar office, and senior assistant SS Somanath of Mandya office.KFSCSCL managing director CK Shivanna said these officials had connived with the rice mills in procuring sub-standard rice after hulling the paddy procured from farmers for minimum support price. \"The officials had intentionally procured low qaulity rice from the market to supply to the corporation. The rice is meant for PDS outlets and the corporation incurred losses estimated at Rs 2.08 crore from the districts of Mandya, Chamarajanagar and Shimoga,\" Shivanna's orders issued separately to these officials in September said.The issue came to light after Shimoga-based NGO Janaspandana Vedike sought information through an RTI application.The Vedike stated that there was need for a full-fledged investigation into the PDS rice scandal to unearth similar irregularities in other districts. The NGO noted that the scam was related to paddy procurement in 2011-2012 under the levy system, meant for the PDS scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17427236", "title": "Domicile clause reduced for out-of-state women for housewives scheme", "text": "PANAJI: The women from other states, who are married to Goan residents, will now have to submit only three years residence certificate to avail the Griha Aadhar Scheme instead of the 15 years residence certificate, as the government has amended the scheme.The Goa government had launched \"Griha Aadhar Scheme\", in October this year to provide relief to housewives suffering from the impact of spiraling food prices. The scheme envisages support to the housewives from middle, lower middle and poor section of the society.Under this scheme, the government will provide financial assistance of Rs 1000 per month to the beneficiaries. The amount will be deposited directly into their savings bank accounts.The state government has amended the specific section regarding the domicile clause for removal of difficulties in the implementation of the Griha Aadhar Scheme. The beneficiaries were required to compulsorily submit 15 years residence certificate to obtain the benefit of the scheme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426730", "title": "Prabhu makes Mumbai home", "text": "Prabhu Dheva, as we all know is now busy with his work in Bollywood, which is why it comes as no surprise when the choreographer decides to settle down in Mumbai. The actor, we hear has bought a swanky apartment in Lokhandwala and is planning to move in next year. Prabhu Dheva's dates are also blocked for the next ten years by the top ten heroes like Salman Khan , Akshay Kumar , Shahid Kapur and Saif Ali Khan . He is now busy with debutant Girish Kumar's film and Shruti Haasan's film. But the choreographer-turned-director does go to Chennai often where he spends time with his children. At the same time, the actor maintains that Bollywood is his priority and that he has no time for Tamil and Telugu films at the moment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17427793", "title": "CBI director's appointment: Madras HC issues notice to Centre", "text": "CHENNAI: The Madras high court has issued notice to the Centre, on a quo warranto petition questioning the validity of the appointment of Ranjit Sinha as director of the CBI.Justice K Venkataraman, before whom the petition filed by retired police officer Jebamani Mohanraj, came up for admission on Friday, asked the Centre to file its counter within a week.When the matter was taken up for hearing, Manikandan Vathan Chettiar, counsel for the PIL-petitioner, submitted that an officer facing charges should not have been named the next head of the premier investigating agency.Jebamani had said in the petition that Sinha had been unceremoniously removed from the fodder scam case by the Patna high court.Opposing the petition and questioning its very maintainability, additional solicitor-general of India, P Wilson, said it had been based solely on newspaper reports. The appointment was made in accordance with law, he said adding that before the Cabinet committee on appointment cleared the name of Sinha, it was vetted by a committee.Justice Venkataraman, however, said media reports need not be completely ignored and said merits of the issue could be considered after the Centre files it's counter in the matter.As for Wilson's demand for deletion of an offending paragraph from the petition, the judge asked counsel if it could be deleted. To this Chettiar said the Centre must give reasons for seeking the deletion of averments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17420794", "title": "Emotional Ricky Ponting kisses cricket goodbye", "text": "Ricky Ponting, one of the greatest cricketers ever, called time on his Test career on Thursday in the same way that he approached and played the game - with disarming honesty and a confidence that stems only from sincerity.Ricky Ponting profileOn the field or off it, his distinctly Australian bluntness and candour always spoke volumes. Even when he announced his retirement on Thursday, Ponting made it plain that he meant business. In announcing that the Perth Test against South Africa would be his last, he played it strikingly straight: His form had dipped and he wasn't good enough to play for Australia anymore. There was no beating about the bush. He spoke of \"consistent failure\".\"It's a decision I thought long and hard about. At the end of the day it was based on my results and my output really in this series. It hasn't been what I expect of myself and it certainly hadn't been to the level that I feel is required for batsmen and players in the Australian team,\" he said.Can you imagine an Indian star saying this? That he has been in horrible form and it's best that he quits?\"I want to be a consistent performer, and if you look back over the last 12 or 18 months I haven't been able to perform consistently,\" said Ponting. \"I've had moments of really good stuff, and prolonged moments of cricket that's been below my expectations and below a par level for me. It's just been in my own eyes reasonably consistent failure. That's why I believe the time is right now to be making this decision.\"Ponting has never been known to be an emotional man, but bidding goodbye to the one thing which has shaped his life clearly made him emotional. \"It (cricket) has been my life for 20 years. Not much more I can give,\" he said.This rare candour is a quality many of our public figures, including sportsmen, would do well to emulate. In Australia, Ponting's status is second only to Don Bradman's. A batsman who is second only to Sachin Tendulkar in run-making prowess and has featured in a world record 108 Tests in a winning cause had no qualms in admitting he had slipped.In spite of all the brilliance, Ponting, at 38, failed to register an average of 40 in his last three seasons, a clear sign that the body, and maybe the mind, was wilting. In leaving on what he called \"his own terms\", Ponting ensured that his legacy would endure. He stressed the decision had not been prompted by the selectors and said it was not hard to miss out on one final Ashes contest next year because he realised he was not good enough to get there.Ever the arch-competitor, Ponting said the time to look back over his career would come after the Perth match, which starts on Friday and where he will equal Steve Waugh's Australian record of 168 Tests.Ponting made his Test debut at the age of 20 against Sri Lanka , also at the WACA in Perth, a week shy of 17 years ago, making 96 in his one innings as Australia won by an innings and 36 runs.The whole Australia team and Ponting's family had filed into the weights room under the stands at the WACA, to the great surprise of the journalists gathered for Michael Clarke's scheduled captain's news conference.\"I've got a few months of cricket yet and I'll enjoy that for what it is,\" said Ponting, who will play out the season with Tasmania. \"This is my new team here,\" he added, pointing to his wife Rianna and daughters Emmy and Mattise.His captain, Michael Clarke , who has been mentored by Ponting and will carry on the tradition of great Australian batsmanship, was so overwhelmed he could mutter only a few words.\"That'll do for me today,\" Clarke said after a long pause when asked about Ponting, clearly struggling to express a sob. Even hard-nosed Australian cricketers can cry when asked about Ricky Ponting.With Ponting having left and Sachin Tendulkar in his twilight years, an era of great batsmanship and even greater commitment to team cause may be fast coming to an end. Above all, Ponting's honest devotion will be missed.Times ViewIn his retirement, as through his 17-year international career, Ricky Ponting has exhibited both great timing and commitment to his team's cause above his own. Not many cricketers would call it quits when the team management and the selectors are repeatedly issuing statements backing them. Even fewer would admit that they are performing well below par. But more than any of those, it is his comment about him not playing to the standards he expects of anyone playing for Australia that puts him in a class apart. That must have been a very difficult admission to make, even to himself, for someone who has played in more Test wins than anyone else. That he found the courage to say so speaks as much for his character as his many achievements do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426046", "title": "Lot to learn from Ali Zafar: Yami Gautam", "text": "Actress Yami Gautam, who will be be seen with Ali Zafar in \" Aman Ki Aasha\" says she is eagerly waiting to work with the actor-singer as she feels there is a lot to learn from him.\"There is a lot to learn from Ali. He is such a fabulous actor. He is an all-rounder. He is a singer, music composer, actor and what not. I am really looking forward to work with him,\" Yami told IANS.Yami will play a Hindu girl in the film.\"Ali is playing a Pakistani boy and I am playing a Hindu girl. I am not allowed to talk about the film, so that is all I can say. But this film is going to be completely different from 'Vicky Donor'. It is a very interesting role,\" she said.The film will be directed by E.Niwas, who has earlier helmed \"Shool\", \"My Name Is Anthony Gonsalves\" and \"De Taali\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426073", "title": "Terence knows how to keep commitment", "text": "\"Ek baar jo maine commitment kar di, phir main apne aap ki bhi nahi sunta!\" This maybe Salman Khan's dialogue, but it is choreographer Terence Lewis who lives life by that principle!Recently, on the occasion of a channel's awards ceremony, Terence reached the venue in a bike when his car wouldn't move an inch in Mumbai's traffic jam.The occasion being a channel's completion of 20 years, every star who has been a part of the journey was invited to the awards evening. Terence, having shot to fame with the channel's popular show, Dance India Dance, was called upon to not only attend the ceremony but to present an award right at the beginning of the show.Due to something unavoidable came up at Terence's end, he got substantially delayed in leaving his place. With barely an hour to go for the show, the creative team called him once again to check where he'd reached. To their horror, Terence revealed he was \"just leaving\". Sensing that he was giving the organizers a last-minute panic attack, Terence tried to make up for the delay. But to his exasperation, his car would not move an inch in the city's traffic jam. He then displayed his presence of mind and asked one of his drivers to reach the place, where he was stuck, on a bike! Ditching his car, he got onto the bike and maneuvered his way through the dense traffic, reaching the venue in the nick of time. The team, though hugely relieved to see him on time, was astonished to see him on a bike. That's when Terence cheekily repeated Salman's famous line and had everyone in splits.\"I hate being late. Moreover, I was called upon to present an award right at the beginning of the show. The organizers were all surprised to see me in my stage costume on a bike,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17337626", "title": "End to AIDS in sight: UN report", "text": "As the numbers infected with incurable human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) keeps falling, experts are hopeful that AIDS could be eradicated in future due to better access to drugs that can both treat and prevent it, according to a UN report .Some 34 million people had HIV by 2011. Worldwide, the number of people newly infected with the disease, which can be transmitted via blood and by semen during sex, is falling, it said.At 2.5 million, the number of new infections in 2011 was 20 per cent lower than in 2001. Deaths from AIDS also fell to 1.7 million in 2011, down from a peak of 2.3 million in 2005 and from 1.8 million in 2010.The report said this allowed the \"foundation to be laid for the eventual end of AIDS\". In 2012, over 100,000 people are living with HIV in the UK. Of these, a quarter do not know they are carrying the virus, according to the Daily Mail .However, sub-Saharan Africa is the most severely affected region with almost one in every 20 adults infected with it, nearly 25 times the rate in Asia.There are also almost five million people with HIV in South, south-east and east Asia combined.\"Although AIDS remains one of the world's most serious health challenges, global solidarity in the AIDS response during the past decade continues to generate extraordinary health gains,\" the report said.Since 1995, AIDS drug treatment - known as anti-retroviral therapy (ART) - has saved 14 million life-years in poorer countries, including 9 million in sub-Saharan Africa, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422847", "title": "Suspected bird traps spotted at Ambazari", "text": "NAGPUR: Two wooden boxes, which were spotted to be floating at Ambazari Lake by a bird watcher on Tuesday morning, have raised suspicion about bird traps.Anurag Ghatole was on a short bird watching trip to the lake in the morning when he happened to see these boxes. \"I feel that these cane boxes are bird traps as they were placed on the water surface and not below it, as in the case of fishing equipment,\" said Ghatole.Ghatole said last year too something similar was found which later turned out to be fishing aides. \"I have only seen the photos, hence I cannot confirm whether they are traps,\" said Surendra Agnihotri, a birdwatcher from city.The boxes were spotted on the Hingna Road side of the lake, which also has an access to the lake. \"Ambazari is not protected which makes it very vulnerable. Several birds flock at the lake and if some hunting activity is indeed going on, it needs to be curbed,\" said Ghatole.He added that cooperation from local people and the fishermen is the only way for the conservation of the lake and the birds visiting it. \"There's no point in arguing with them. But if we enter into a dialogue, we might get leads on the culprits involved in bird killing,\" said Ghatole.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428189", "title": "Cops crack whip on errant tempo drivers", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Taking a tough stand against tempo drivers who put their passengers' safety at risk, the traffic police has challaned 67 errant drivers in the past 48 hours.The traffic police authorities have cracked the whip after taking serious note of 12 deaths in three separate road accidents in within 72 hours. Traffic police officials found that overloading and rash driving were major problems with tempo and three-wheeler drivers ferrying passengers from the city to remote rural pockets, and most did not follow road safety norms. To pick up as many passengers as possible, the drivers often violate the speed limit and cause accidents.With more than 800 tempos, city buses and three wheelers plying on different routes and ferrying thousands of passengers everyday, the traffic cops are paying particular attention to the physical status of all such passenger vehicles as well as the drivers' ability and qualification.The development comes after senior police authorities had taken a serious note of rising number of accidents involving tempos and three-wheelers . The police officials admitted that they have been regularly receiving complains about overloading and lack of driving acumen among the drivers.Traffic inspector IP Singh said, \"A guideline has been issued to drivers asking them to follow certain directives to ensure the safety of the passengers. Cops have been instructed to take corrective measures in the same regard.\" He added that a driver must have a valid license and experience of driving.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424397", "title": "Corporation seeks to reclaim Nehru Stadium from sports authority", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation is on a mission to wrestle the control over Nehru Sports Stadium complex from the state sports development authority.The stadium, constructed with civic body funds, was handed over to the sports body in 1988 as per the then state government's order. Today, municipal authorities feel that the stadium complex is not maintained well and it no longer serves its basic purpose of promoting sports in the district. Consequently, a proposal to seek government permission to reclaim the sports complex was tabled in the council meeting.\"The stadium has been stripped of its initial glory as the entire structure is not being properly maintained and the shops rented out in the complex was not done through the proper channels,\" said P Rajkumar, north zone chairman of the civic body and member of state level special committee of Sports Development Authority, Tamil Nadu.City mayor SM Velusamy said that the corporation will seek state government's approval to reclaim control over the complex to ensure better maintenance and promotion of sports in the district. If they do get control over the complex, the corporation can expect additional funds from the commercial outlets functioning in the outer periphery of the stadium complex. The stadium is also plagued by lack of basic amenities like drinking water, changing rooms and toilets.Speaking at the corporation council meeting held at Victoria Hall in the main corporation office complex on Thursday morning, Rajkumar reiterated the urgent need for the civic body to reclaim control of the sports stadium. Corporation commissioner TK Ponnusamy said that as of now there were 60 commercial outlets within the stadium complex spread across 1,35,000 square feet and bringing in total monthly revenue of around Rs 7.23 lakh. It has been alleged that most of these shops are being rented out at rates lower than that fixed by the public works department.It has also been alleged that out of the 13 entrance points at the stadium, five have been illegally converted into shopping outlets.However, senior officials from Sports Development Authority dismissed the allegations of mismanagement at the complex. They also pointed out that there were 16 toilets inside the complex but agreed that there were some space constraints in constructing changing rooms in the complex spread across an area of 6.23 acres.\"We are definitely making efforts to ensure that sports persons get sufficient training at the stadium,\" said Stanley P Mathew, district sports officer, Coimbatore\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422895", "title": "After 4-year wait, Government Medical College and Hospital's e-library to become a reality", "text": "NAGPUR: Finally after a wait for four years, students and teachers at the Government Medical College and Hospital (GMCH) can see their dream of a state of art e-library becoming a reality. The library building is ready and as soon as the public works department (PWD) hands over the building to the college, it will shift the existing books and journals there and immediately start the e-journals and e-books facility.\"The construction is over. Once the building is painted and PWD hands it over to the college we will start the process of subscribing to all the e-journals and books that both the undergraduate and post graduate students require. Gradually the hard copy concept will be phased out and all the medical books and journals will be made available online,\" said college dean Dr Rajaram Powar.The e-library concept was first floated during the diamond jubilee year of the college in 2007. Dr Sunil Deshmukh, the then minister of state for finance and an alumnus of GMCH, had assured financial support of Rs 4 crore for the project.But somehow the project never took off until December 2009 when medical education minister Vijay Kumar Gavit actually laid down the foundation stone for the building on December 22. But work on the project actually starred only in February 2011. The project got delayed due to escalation in construction cost. The second proposal had put the cost at Rs 5 crore. But the actual construction cost of the building has now mounted to Rs 8 crore.The 4200 square meter construction in ground plus one floor has all the facilities as per the Medical Council of India (MCI) norms. \"At present we have about 60,000 books as hard copies, the highest in any medical college in the state. GMCH's library was earlier declared as the 'regional library' due to its standard under a WHO project. We have sought quotations for books costing another Rs 10 lakh. Students currently have an access to 2500 e-journals in our old library. This number will continue to grow,\" informed GMCH librarian, Seema Vyas.The e-library will be a part of the consortium of libraries at all the 14 medical colleges in state and hence will have access to journals on their list. It has separate facilities for teachers, UG and PG students, reading rooms, audio-visual rooms, discussion rooms, garden and a 'mobile-zone' to prevent disturbance to others. The library, which is currently open for 20 hours from 10am to 6am daily and from 10am to 6pm on Sundays, will remain open 24 hours.Vyas said that the books will be ordered publisher-wise and as per packages. \"If a publisher has 300 books all of them will be available. If new editions are published they will come at no extra cost,\" she added.Facilities on ground floorStack room, reading room and discussion room.Computer lab with over 100 student capacity for accessing books and journals online.Administrative block with issue counter, photocopying facility. Audio-visual room.Facilities on second floorTwo reading halls for round the clock reading for both UG and PG students.Internet access room for PG students and a stack room with study rooms.Room for teachers study.Dissertations room.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427991", "title": "Zeenat Aman returning to films next year", "text": "Yesteryear actress Zeenat Aman says she has a few scripts in hand and she might return to the big screen next year.The 61-year-old Bollywood beauty, who has starred in blockbusters like Hare Rama Hare Krishna and Yaadon Ki Baraat , said she is waiting to return to movies.\"There are a couple of scripts on hand and hopefully in 2013 I will have a few releases. I am waiting,\" Zeenat said on the sidelines of a fashion week.The actress was in Panaji to walk the ramp for designers Resham and Riyaz Gangji . She looked elegant in a layered red and pink skirt and golden shimmery jacket.Zeenat says her personal style statement is to be comfortable.\"My personal style statement is to be comfortable because if you are comfortable you are confident. You can be anywhere at any time. If you are uncomfortable you are always adjusting.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421363", "title": "Matheran casino plan may hit ecological roadblock", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra government's plan to revive Matheran as a leisure hub could run into a hurdle. According to environmentalists, uncontrolled development in and around Matheran could well turn it into another Lonvala. Locals say the development must be systematic.The Union ministry for environment and forests (MoEF) has stressed the need for having a tourism master plan to assess the hill station's capacity. Currently, the area has a population of 4,000 and 12,000 tourists visit the hill station every day during the peak season.\"No development can be carried out until we have a tourism master plan in place. We cannot afford to make the same mistake which were made in the haphazard development of other hill stations like Lonavla,\" said Dev Mehta, chairman of the Matheran heritage panel. The revival plan for Matheran includes construction of casinos, discotheques, parking arenas, wider roads, regular water supply, waste treatment plants, facilities for adventure sports, a horse riding school and tourist control rooms. The construction of these facilities require the MoEF nod as the holiday destination has been declared an eco-sensitive zone.Moreover, there are several heritage structures in the town. \"The plan does have some relevance to the hill station where the infrastructure is doddering. We need to actually assess if casinos and discotheques are viable,\" said Arjas Bharucha, who owns a hotel in Matheran.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428328", "title": "Nips and tucks here and there: Dolly Parton", "text": "Dolly Parton has revealed that she will continue to have plastic surgery into her late 60s and 70s, but \"in moderation\".The 66-year-old singer, who has undergone several cosmetic surgeries, including multiple breast enlargement operations, admitted that while she doesn't want to get anything drastic done to her body, she's happy to go under the knife to keep looking good.\"I have my little nips and tucks here and there but I try to do it in moderation. I'm not ever trying to do anything too drastic,\" Contactmusic quoted Parton as telling Touch Weekly magazine.\"I just know when I look in the mirror if I need to do a little something. I'll be 67 in January - I'll do whatever needs to be done,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421141", "title": "Sudan boy gets liver, kidney transplant", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 12-year-old Sudanese boy got a new lease of life following a combined liver and kidney transplant which was conducted successfully at a city hospital. The organs were donated by the patient's two sisters. While one of them gave him a kidney, the other gave a part of the liver.According to Dr Anupam Sibal, group medical director and senior paediatric gastroenterologist at Apollo Hospital, the child named Mukhtar Ahmed Ali Gadkarim was suffering from kidney failure due to a rare disorder known as primary hyperoxaluria - a disease which causes excessive urinary excretion of oxalate.\"In hyperoxaluria, while there is no liver failure, unless the liver is replaced to provide the deficient enzyme, the kidney transplant will fail as the kidney will get damaged by the oxalates. This necessitated the combined transplant,\" he said.According to Dr Subhash Gupta, senior transplant surgeon at the hospital, the boy was admitted on November 6 and operated upon after a week of observation. \"It took about 16 hours to conduct the surgery . The boy is doing fine and he was discharged on Thursday,\" said Gupta,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17423312", "title": "Only criminal probe can unravel scam in irrigation projects", "text": "MUMBAI: For the past ten years, a politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus has had a free run of multi-crore irrigation projects in the state. Rules were blatantly flouted, project estimates illegally revised and permissions brazenly granted without adequate precautions and mandatory clearances.Government sources said that only a criminal investigation could unravel the extent of the scam, described as the largest in Maharashtra's history. \"The white paper on irrigation projects submitted to the state cabinet on Thursday is merely a data collection exercise. If there is an independent judicial inquiry, the Democratic Front government will collapse, considering the involvement of powerful politicians and officials,\" said a source.A senior irrigation department official said, \"If the state government claims that all is well in the white paper, why were 45 engineers of Vidarbha charged for irregularities? The 2010 Vadnare committee, too, found grave malpractice in awarding inflated tenders in Vidarbha. This is not possible without the connivance of politicians. This requires an FIR to be filed. Instead, we just have a chargesheet against a few engineers.\"An inquiry into irrigation corporations in the Konkan, Godavari-Marathwada, Tapi and Krishna Valley regions would put many more officials in the dock. \"The white paper is absurd,\" said the official, who was among those asked to collect data for the document.Experts said a probe would expose the frivolous reasons cited by officials to inflate project costs. Their modus operandi was to inflate the official estimate while inviting tenders and increase it again after receiving bids from contractors. Water resources department chief engineer and whistleblower Vijay Pandhare has estimated that the loss due to this process in Vidarbha alone could be around Rs 4,000 crore.Officials would also cite frivolous reasons for cost escalation. These include adding various taxes already envisaged in the original estimate, imposing extra rates on raw material and upgrade of machinery, and increasing transport costs.Information procured by TOI reveals the exorbitant rates of materials used in the construction of dams and canals across the state. Tender rates for pipes, for instance, were fixed at Rs 1.5 lakh a tonne when the actual cost was Rs 70,000 a tonne. The cost of concrete, which should have been in the range of Rs 4,000-5,000 a cubic metre, was fixed at Rs 12,000-15,000.The price of hearting and casing was as high as Rs 500 a cubic metre when the actual cost was barely half of that figure. The tender cost of tunnel excavation was fixed at Rs 5,000-6,000 a cubic metre even as the actual cost was Rs 2,000. These price lists pertain to irrigation contracts awarded between 2006 and 2009. The cost of irrigation per hectare incurred in Maharashtra is as high as Rs 9 lakh a hectare compared to the Central Water Commission's limit of Rs 1.25-2.5 lakh.Sources cited the case of the Vidarbha Irrigation Development Corporation (VIDC). It floated tenders worth Rs 11,126 crore during the financial years 2007-08 and 2008-09, when the total allocation in the state budget was just Rs 5,700 crore.How estimates for irrigation contracts are inflatedA project, if prudently planned, may cost 80 crore. But unscrupulous irrigation officials will invite tenders at 100 crore. Contractors will quote 125 crore (25% above the 100-crore estimate). But the rules do not permit such high quotations (any bid 4.99% above the estimate has to be approved in Mantralaya) To circumvent scrutiny in Mantralaya, irrigation officials revise the original estimate from 100 crore to 120.1 crore on frivolous grounds.This revision is done after the bids are received, which is illegal Thus, a contractor who quotes 125 crore procures the work order as it is below the 4.99% limit (if 120.1 crore is considered as the final estimate) What is shown as 120.10 crore + 4.9 crore (totalling a bid quote of 125 crore) is actually 100 crore + 25 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421054", "title": "More rapid rail links for UP, Haryana", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Haryana and Uttar Pradesh governments managed to convince the Centre to fast-track the laying of two more rapid rail links from the national capital, prompting urban development minister Kamal Nath to announce on Thursday that the feasibility study of the Delhi-Baraut corridor via Shahdara and the Delhi-Hisar link via Rohtak would be taken up soon.These lines are in addition to the proposal of three similar corridors from Delhi to Meerut, Alwar and Panipat. The two states pleaded for greater and faster connectivity to more NCR towns, claiming that such a network would help stabilize and even reduce strain on Delhi's stretched infrastructure. Haryana CM Bhupinder Singh Hooda reportedly told the representatives of Delhi, UP and Rajasthan that as the rapid rail link would help people commute to Delhi on a daily basis, there will be no additional burden on the capital's infrastructure. He also batted for Hisar as a counter-magnet town, where the rapid link would help NCR planning.\"We had a meeting for Rapid Rail Transit System (RRTS). We talked about three corridors -- Delhi-Alwar, Delhi-Meerut and Delhi-Panipat. Because of development, the population of Delhi is increasing and there was consensus that means of transport have to be developed from the small towns to Delhi,\" said Nath. The already identified three corridors would cost over Rs 72,000 crore, and can carry five lakh commuters every day. \"Reports are being prepared and we believe to take these forward in two years,\" Nath added.While the Centre is yet to take a decision on how to finance the projects, UP minister of state for protocol Abhishek Mishra told TOI, \"We want the RRTS projects for development of our parts of the NCR. Funding won't be a problem. The Baraut node would accelerate development.\"The Centre and the states are pushing for the projects, considering the huge savings it would cause in terms of reduction of vehicles on road, major cut in fuel consumption and dip in carbon footprints in the NCR by 2021. The details were shared in the meeting.They were also informed that substantial progress has been made to get a final nod from the Planning Commission to go ahead with the projects. The panel in March had said the need to resolve issues on the use of highway medians for construction of RRTS corridors. Now, no medians would be used for laying elevated corridors and NHAI will give permission for crossing over the highway stretches.The Haryana government claimed that Nath had said the Delhi-Faridabad-Palwal corridor would be taken up in the second phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17422874", "title": "Day after Facebook row, teen flees Palghar home", "text": "MUMBAI: Sunil Vishwakarma, the Palghar teen who was on Wednesday accused of posting obscene comments against MNS chief Raj Thackeray, has moved to his uncle's home to escape the media attention.\"I was scared when police detained me. I was worried for my parents and sisters who wondered why using the internet should land someone in the police station,\" Sunil told TOI.Sunil (19) was on Wednesday handed over to the Palghar police by local MNS activists, many of whom know him and live in the same locality, after a comment on his Facebook account on Thackeray. Sunil, who was detained by police and questioned by the Thane Rural cyber cell, was let off in the wee hours of Thursday after police established a fake ID was created in his name. After returning from the police station, Sunil left for his uncle's home nearby.His family runs a fabrication unit in the neighbourhood where it has been living for 17 years now.Following the Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan controversy, on Wednesday the police were more cautious. After verifying Sunil's mobile and account, the cyber cell registered a case against an unknown person under section 66 (A) of the IT Act. Fatehsinh Patil, head of the Thane local crime branch, under whom the cyber cell functions, said police will also contact Facebook's India office in Hyderabad to help identify the hacker.His mobile phone was scanned by police on Wednesday and returned to him later. Police sources said Sunil's mobile records showed he had not been surfing the net since Monday . The fake ID, said the police, was created from a Gmail account whereas Sunil's Facebook account had a yahoo ID.Sunil, who is pursuing a one-year-diploma course in hardware and networking engineering in Vasai said, \"My sisters (one is in class 12, another in class 8) were asking if using the internet was a crime.\" He said his father Rajaram bought him a desktop five months ago after he joined the computer course.Sunil said he uses his mobile internet mostly to chat with his friends, adding that his mobile phone was always monitored by his elder brother. \"Even when I sit on the computer at my father's fabrication shop, he keeps a watch on what I surf,\" said Sunil.I was shocked to hear that my son was taken to the police station for abusing a political leader. I was sure he would never do such a thing Rajaram Vishwakarma, Sunil's fatherVishwakarma's original FB account was in place, but another in a similar name was created, S Nishandar | additional superintendent of police, Thane RuralThe boy may be innocent, but the real culprits should be booked; Kundan Sankhe | MNS, Thane district president", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "southern bypass", "code": "17423071", "title": "Southern Bypass: Work fails to pick up speed", "text": "SOUTHERN BYPASS: City residents will have to wait for another few months to enjoy a smooth drive from Doraha to Ferozepur Road, as the construction along the 27km Southern Bypass continues to move at snail's pace. The slow pace is raising serious doubts on public works department's (PWD) working questioning whether it would be able to meet the third deadline \u00e2\u20ac\u201d March 2013 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for its completion.Currently, the public works department has completed only 65% of the project work.Once the construction completes, the bypass would allow a comfortable ride for people coming from Chandigarh to Dugri, BRS Nagar, Agar Nagar, Rajguru Nagar, South City, Country Homes, Sukhmani Enclave in the city and further to Moga and Bhatinda.Meanwhile, residents are eagerly waiting for the bypass construction to complete as it will help shorten distances. Vinod Jain, a businessman of County Homes, said, \"Traffic in the city has become a big nuisance. Once stuck in a jam here, one has to crawl for hours to reach the city. The officials should speed up the work and complete this project as soon as possible as this route will cut short on the travel for thousands of commuters every day.\"\"It will make daily commuting easy for many of us,\" says businessman Daljeet Singh Grewal of Rajguru Nagar, who is anxiously waiting for the completion. He said, \"We are anxiously waiting for the completion of the Southern Bypass as it will shorten the distance between my home and Chandigarh. As of now we have to travel a longer distance via the congested city to reach home.\"Asking authorities to speed up efforts and ensure that the bypass is completed this time, Varun Khullar of Dugri said, \"The road directly connects Ferozepur Road with Doraha but since its construction is in progress traffic literally crawls through. Despite the previous two deadlines set to complete the project, it has been delayed again and clearly it will not be able to meet the new deadline also, unless work is paced up.\"PWD minister Sharanjit Singh Dhillon said, \"I acknowledge that the project has been delayed but we are facing some problems - lack of cooperation from the railway authorities as they refused permission for the construction of two over-bridges at Ferozepur Road and Dhuri Line; farmers and the mini hydel project authorities at Sidhwan Canal did not allow the closure of water in the canal. But now we have the requisite permission from the railway authorities and thus the construction work will pace up. As of now 65% work has been completed and we will be able to complete the project by April 30, 2013. However, the flyover construction at various places along the road will be completed by first week of July.\"Delays unlimited Construction work on the 27km long Southern Bypass, which starts from Doraha and ends at Ferozepur Road near Sidhwan Canal, is being executed by the public works department. This is the ambitious project of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal , who while reviewing the progress of the ambitious project which started in February 2010, said the project will be completed by June 2011. Since then the deadline of the project has been extended twice from June 2011 to February 2012 and October 2012. At present, work continues to proceed at snail's pace and the fears are that the project might miss its third deadline too. The 27km road along the Sidhwan Canal will have five canal bridges, four flyovers, two ROBs, RUBs, two underpasses besides a canal lining of 25km.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17427935", "title": "Govt mulling new system for selection of judges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Amid demands for greater transparency in appointment of judges to higher judiciary, government said on Friday it is working on a proposal to put in place a new system to change the present mechanism where a collegium of judges has a larger say in such decisions.Law minister Ashwani Kumar said there was a \"large political consensus\" to put in place the alternative mechanism.Under the present Collegium system, the executive has no say in appointments of judges of the Supreme Court and the high courts as the recommendations of the Collegium are final and binding on the government.\"There seems to be a large political consensus on the need for having an alternative mechanism...principle of it is, may be an alternative system for appointment which ensures greater transparency and better inputs to ensure that the best are selected to judiciary. It is still under consideration,\" Kumar told reporters here.He said though the proposal was still going several changes, the proposed National Judicial Commission could be headed by the Chief Justice of India.In reply to a poser, he refused to say whether the new body would have the Prime Minister or the leader of the opposition as its members. One of the initial drafts is understood to have suggested that the PM and the leader of the opposition in the Lok Sabha be part of the commission.\"There has been a view that we could consider that the collegium system has had its utility...whatever is required will be done and if we can do it we shall do it. Otherwise, we'll see what is the best way possible,\" the minister said, noting that the move might entail a Constitutional amendment which needs the backing of two-thirds members of a particular House of Parliament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17424218", "title": "Two arrested in Bihta lawyer murder case", "text": "PATNA: Two persons were arrested on Thursday in connection with the mysterious death of a lawyer Vinod Kumar whose decomposed body was found near the railway track at village Daulatpur under Bihta police station in Patna district on Wednesday.Bihta police station SHO Rajesh Kumar said that two persons - Ravi Kumar and Ranjit Kumar of Bihta - were arrested in this connection. He said the deceased's wife, Poonam Kumari, named three persons as accused in the FIR. Raids were on to arrest the third accused, the SHO said, adding that the reason behind the death was yet to be ascertained.Meanwhile, the lawyers of Danapur Civil Court on Thursday staged demonstration on the court gate, demanding adequate compensation to Kumar's family members.Vinod, a native of Mahavir Nagar under Bihta police station, had left his residence after receiving a call from a client on Tuesday. When he failed to return home, his son made a call on his cellphone. Vinod told him that he was in Daulatpur and would return soon. When his son again made a call on his cellphone, it was switched off.Police said when Vinod did not return, his family members started searching for him on Wednesday morning. They were informed that a body was lying near the railway track at Daulatpur. They reached there and identified the body. They suspect that Vinod was murdered and his body had been thrown near the railway track.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "15039863", "title": "Mika born in Bengal?", "text": "Mika was born on June 10 at Durgapur, West Bengal and brought up in Patna , Bihar along with his brother Daler Mehndi .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17426022", "title": "Maximum landless poor in Thiruvananthapuram: Prakash", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The maximum number of landless poor has been identified in Thiruvananthapuram district, revenue minister Adoor Prakash said here on Thursday.On the side lines of a function to undertake quick disposal of files relating to land revenue department, the minister said the government has received 39,742 applications from the district under the Zero Landless Programme.The government has identified 60 hectares in the district under the programme, in which it would award three cents of land to the landless poor. \"We have acquired 60 hectares, which was under the possession of Mahaveer Plantations at Bonakkad. The government is preparing a detailed sketch of the land, which will be used for distributing among the landless,\" the minister said. Till August 15, 2012, 2,33,232 landless families have applied for land and scrutinised under the zero landless programme. Though the government is aiming at completing the programme by August 15, 2015, one lakh landless will get the land by August 2013, the minister said.As part of the file disposal exercise, the government issued 251 records of rights to beneficiaries under the Forest Rights Act. The records of rights were issued to those dwellers of forest land but without any record to prove their rights on the land. The minister said that 1,423 more titles would be issued in the coming days under the Act.In Thiruvananthapuram district alone, 3,69,372 files were pending till December 31, 2012, of which 2,10,633 files were disposed of till date. \"Till now, about 55% pending files have been cleared. In the next adalat, our target is to meet 75%. We have set the target at 75% because many files are under the consideration of the court,\" Adoor Prakash said.The function to disburse files in the capital district was the 13th programme in the state, which is being conducted in all district headquarters. The last of the series will be held in Idukki.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17422274", "title": "Opposition flays Trichy civic body for inaction over dengue", "text": "TRICHY: There was complete pandemonium in the Trichy corporation council because of heated arguments by DMK councilors, who pointed a finger at the corporation administration for not taking effective steps to control dengue in the city. The DMK councillors staged a walkout for not being allowed to express their opinions in the hall here on Thursday.The DMK councillors led by party's floor leader M Anbazhagan raised the pitch against the AIADMK-led Trichy corporation for not eradicating dengue despite the corporation claiming to have taken effective preventive measures in the past few months. As of now, 316 patients have been affected by dengue in Trichy corporation.T Muthuselvam, a DMK councillor, alleged that dengue claimed many lives in the city owing to lacklustre measures of the corporation. Even fogging operations were not carried out completely. So, the breeding of Aedes mosquitoes was not brought under control.\"The actual statistics of deaths due to dengue and the affected persons is deliberately hidden by the corporation. It is not made available to the media either,\" said Anbazhagan. The rest of the DMK councillors also joined the chorus and accused the corporation of inaction.However, corporation commissioner VP Thandapani tried to deflect attention over the dengue issue by saying the fever prevailed not only in India but also world over. But the DMK councillors did not get convinced with his reply. The corporation commissioner assured the DMK members that a committee comprising councillors from all parties would be constituted to initiate concerted efforts to tackle dengue.The DMK councillors pointed out the shortage of space at Mahatma Gandhi memorial government hospital for dengue patients as a large number of dengue-affected patients from neighbouring districts got admitted in the hospital.As the heated arguments still continued, mayor A Jaya intercepted them and did not allow them to go on with the accusations.DMK raised the pitch against the AIADMK-led Trichy corporation for not eradicating dengue despite claims of having taken preventive measures. As of now, 316 patients have been affected by dengue in Trichy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422641", "title": "Accident victim gets 3lakh damages", "text": "NEW DELHI: A man, who had been hit by a rashly-driven car and sustained grievous injuries eight years ago, has been awarded a compensation of over Rs 3 lakhs by a Motor Accident Claims Tribunal (MACT).MACT presiding officer Sanjiv Jain directed New India Assurance Company Limited, with which the offending vehicle was insured, to pay Rs 3,56,100 to the petitioner within 30 days. The order came on a petition by a south Delhi resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17422089", "title": "Endangered fish found in Western Ghats", "text": "MALAPPURAM: Confirming the presence of an endangered fish \u00e2\u20ac\u201d fresh water dwarf puffer or Carinotetraodan imitator \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in the Western Ghats region, a group of researchers has found a group of the species in the Kumaradhara River on Kerala-Karnataka border.It is the first record of the fish from the wild, according to international journal 'Ichthyological Exploration of Freshwaters' that published the findings of the group, comprising scientists of conservation research group (CRG) of St Albert's College, Kochi. They collected five male and two female fish from the river.The fish, included in the list of threatened species published by International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), was being exported to many countries from the state as aquarium fish for the past many years but scientists had so far failed in describing its natural distribution.The genus Carinotetraodon currently comprises six valid species of dwarf puffer fishes restricted to freshwaters in Asia. The C. travancoricus and C. imitator are the two varieties found in peninsular India.The members of the research group include Ralf Britz of Department of Life Sciences, The Natural History Museum , London, Anwar Ali, Rajeev Raghavan and Siby Philip of Conservation Research Group and Krishna Kumar of Community Environment Resource Centre, Alappuzha.Anwar Ali said though the natural distribution of a fish or a bird or an animal is most important while describing the species by scientists, the natural distribution of C. imitator had remained elusive for scientists across the world so far. \"We were able to collect a number of dwarf puffer fishes from the river and a closer study showed that they are clearly C. imitator and it was the first record of this species from a river,\" he said.Carinotetraodon imitator is easily distinguished by details of its colour pattern from its only Indian congener, C. travancoricus. Male C. imitator is bright yellow and lacks the large black body blotches of C. travancoricus. Female C. imitator also has much smaller and fainter body blotches but has a large number of tiny spots in addition, according to the group.As per the data published so far, Tetraodon travancoria was the only known freshwater puffer fish from the Western Ghats and even the IUCN was unclear about the natural distribution of the C.imitator fish while describing its Red List, researchers said.\"Though we still do not have the entire and precise distributional range of C. imitator, we expect that C. imitator is more widely distributed in the Western Ghats and are confident that it can be identified from other streams in the region,\" Ali said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17422055", "title": "Fuel pilferage from vehicles on the rise in Kozhikode", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Skyrocketing fuel prices have led to an increase in the number of fuel pilferage cases reported from the district. Usually, vehicles parked on roadsides and parking lots are the targets of such pilferage attempts.Petrol pilfering incidents are mostly reported from rural areas where vehicle owners freely leave their vehicles on the roadside.A couple of such incidents were reported recently in the Vadakara police station limits. In one such incident, the taxi drivers of the Vadakara taxi stand had caught three men stealing fuel from the two-wheelers parked near the stand.Usually the pilferage is carried out during power cuts. Vehicles parked at the bus stand, railway station and other busy locations are also targeted. Unlike in other crimes, the complicit in pilferage cases are usually unemployed youth who use the fuel to fill up the tanks of their own two-wheelers, said a police official. These youth siphon off the fuel from the vehicle while pretending to repair them.The beat patrol officers have been asked to focus on parking lots and other probable havens of petrol thieves, said a police official. \"Nabbing the culprits in the act is the most difficult task in such cases,\" he added.Usually, incidents of petrol pilferage go unnoticed because vehicle owners do not keep a proper tab of the quantity of fuel in their tanks and the distance travelled.\"Though the owner finds it strange that his vehicle is consuming excess fuel, he ends up blaming it on some technical fault of the vehicle,\" said P K Rajan, a taxi driver.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420732", "title": "Supreme Court fumes at Facebook arrest; government tries to curb IT Act abuse", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court on Thursday echoed the public outrage over the high-handed night-time arrests of two girls by Maharashtra police for posting their views on a social networking site, entertaining a PIL seeking the repeal of the controversial Section 66A of Information Technology Act which has turned out be a source of harassment and attempts to muzzle freedom of speech.The court, which urged attorney general G E Vahanvati to express his views on the plea for dispensing with the section , suggested that it was eager to remedy the situation , while wondering whether the police excess against the two girls \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from Palghar near Thane in Maharashtra was the result of mob pressure.\"We were wondering why no one was approaching the court and were thinking of taking suo motu notice of the incident,\" said a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar no sooner than senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi sought an urgent hearing on a petition by 21-year-old student Shreya Singhal.\"The way the children were arrested and treated like criminals outraged the conscience of a major section of society. The way things were done needs some kind of consideration though the serious charges against the two girls appear to have been withdrawn,\" the bench said. It added that the arrests were in violation of the apex court's guidelines prohibiting the arrest of women after sunset.\"They were arrested after sundown and for a bailable offence? So the might of police was activated by a mob,\" the bench said. It seemed to have many questions to ask, but decided to keep them for Friday when Vahanvati is to appear.Although the court also took note of the arrest of a professor in Kolkata for circulating a cartoon which took a dig at West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee , its focus was clearly on the arrest of Dhada and Shrinivasan at Palghar just after they disapproved of the shutdown in Mumbai after the death of Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray .Although the two girls have since been let off and the two ultra-zealous police officers who were instrumental in their arrests suspended, their plight seems to have sensitized the country to the potential of Section 66A being misused by authorities to harass people who can at best be held guilty of exercising their constitutional right of freedom of expression.Pegging her PIL on the Palghar arrests, Singhal argued that Section 66A was loosely worded, thus leaving police and authorities with enormous discretion to misuse it and make arbitrary arrests.The CJI said the court would like to hear the views of a cross-section of people and wanted to know if others would like to intervene and put forth their views. Senior advocate Harish Salve said he would. \"We have a fundamental right to give our opinion on a public platform on political issues. We also have the fundamental right to annoy a politician if he is perceived to be not doing his job or is corrupt. Section 66A is not meant to arrest people for expressing opinion on a public platform,\" Salve said.Rohatgi said Section 66A was replete with so many words like 'offensive', 'menacing', 'annoyance', 'inconvenience', 'danger', 'obstruction', 'insult' and 'annoyance or inconvenience' without the Act defining their meaning. \"This is unacceptable in a criminal law as it allows the police to act arbitrarily according to their whims and fancies,\" he said while requesting the court that till further orders, no arrests should be made under this section.Even as the bench said it would prefer to wait for the AG's views. Rohatgi persisted by saying, \"We get so many pesky calls despite rules and regulations prohibiting it. It causes a lot of annoyance to every person who gets these calls or SMSes. Should all those who send these SMSes or make the calls be arrested under the Act?\"PIL petitioner Singhal said, \"The phraseology of the aforesaid section is so wide and vague and incapable of being judged on objective standards that it is susceptible to wanton abuse.\" She said like crores of other citizens, she was a user of internet and social networking sites like Facebook and Twitter.\"Recent events involving action taken by various authorities under Section 66A of the IT Act has left a chilling effect on the petitioner and crores of other internet users, violating the constitutionally guaranteed rights, especially the right to freedom of speech and expression,\" she said.She listed incidents of abuse of Section 66A:* April 2012 - arrest of professor of chemistry Ambikesh Mahapatra from Jadavpur University for posting a cartoon concerning a political figure on social networking site* May 2012 -Air India employees V Jaganatharao and Mayank Sharma arrested by Mumbai police for putting up content on social networking sites against a trade union leader and some politicians and kept in custody for 12 days* October 2012 - businessman Ravi Srinivasan arrested by Puducherry police for making allegations against a TN politician on a social networking site* November 2012 - Shaheen Dhada and Rinu arrested for commenting on Mumbai bandhSinghal said mere acquittal after a snail-paced prosecution was not enough to compensate the trauma of arrest and loss of reputation linked to it. \"The very fact that the machinery of criminal law is set in motion against citizens on frivolous grounds amounts to harassment which is inadequately mitigated by the eventual discharge or acquittal.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421151", "title": "Railway guards\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 protest delays Western Railway services", "text": "MUMBAI: Commuters on Western Railway were inconvenienced on Thursday as suburban train operations ran late by 15 minutes. This was because certain railway guards suddenly refused to attend to their duties since late Wednesday following differences with their senior officer over assigning work.Asmita Waigaonkar, a resident of Borivli reached office for an urgent meeting around 15 minutes late. So was the case of Amogh Gupta, a resident of Bombay Central who reached Andheri 15 minutes late. According to sources, WR has approximately 400 guards and 45 of their posts are still vacant, leading to alleged burden of workload on them.Source said guards have to perform overtime almost everyday due to delay in filling up the vacant posts. However, late on Wednesday, the guards on duty allegedly had a spat with the senior officer while the latter was assigning duties to them. Following this, guards announced they will not attend duties.Guards are supposed to take trains to car sheds and yards for maintenance which they did not do on Wednesday night. Even while taking trains out of the yards on Thursday morning, they allegedly did not report to work. But WR CPRO Sharad Chandrayan denied any such incident and delay in operations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17428022", "title": "Top IOA officials meet sports minister to discuss code issue", "text": "NEW DELHI: Faced with the threat of suspension by the International Olympic Committee , top IOA officials on Friday had a meeting with sports minister Jitendra Singh in a bid to find a solution to the code dispute surrounding the upcoming election.A five-member delegation, led by president-designate Abhay Singh Chautala, met the minister in his chamber and the nearly two-hour-long meeting was described as \"constructive and fruitful\" by the officials.Jitendra Singh said the code to be followed in the December 5 election was largely a dispute between the IOC and IOA and the government was just trying to play a helping hand.\"The government is just providing a helping hand to the IOA to resolve the matter. The whole mess is between the IOA and the IOC and sports ministry or the government is not a part of it\", Singh said.\"The Sports Code is exactly the same as the IOC Charter. It is in the same terms as our code regarding age, term or the clean practices. So there is no problem there.\"It is an internal matter between the IOA and IOC, we are willing to help IOA and we are ready to sit with IOC to discuss any matter. If the IOC comes here, we will sit down and resolve the issue\", the Minister said.Singh said the Government has written a letter to the IOC but no reply had come from the International sports body.\"The government has already written a letter to the IOC inviting them to come here and have a meeting. Sadly, we have not got any reply from them. Anyway, the IOA has all our support\", Singh said.Apart from Chautala, IOA Acting president VK Malhotra, Hockey India General Secretary Narinder Batra, eminent lawyer and President of Jharkhand Olympic Association, RK Anand and Anurag Thakur, president of Himachal Olympic Association were the other members of the delegation.\"We had a good and fruitful meeting. I requested him (the Minister) that the situation is very complicated. On one side, there is the Olympic charter and on the other is government sports code and there is the High Court,\" VK Malhotra said.\"All our elections are conducted according to these. So the government should intervene and assure the IOC that we will go by the IOC Charter. The government should help. The Prime Minister has to decide. Now, if anything goes wrong the government will be responsible,\" Malhotra said.The IOA would also be sending a two-member delegation to the IOC headquarters in Lausanne to meet top officials and resolve the vexed issues surrounding its upcoming elections.Batra and Anand will be the two members and they are expected to fly to Lausanne soon to explain IOA's position.The IOC had on Thursday made it clear that it will propose the suspension of IOA in its Executive Board Meeting early next month if the upcoming IOA elections are held under the government's Sports Code.In a letter written by IOC Director General Christophe de Kepper to IOA acting chief V K Malhotra, the world body rejected IOA's request to send an international delegation to resolve the issue and threatened to initiate the process of suspending the Indian sports body.The world body reiterated its directive to the IOA as expressed in its letter on November 23 to present its position to the IOC by November 30 or face suspension.It is learnt that IOA Acting President Malhotra has already responded to the IOC's latest letter in which he has explained the IOA's stand and why it was compelled to follow the High Court's order in relation to the polls.The elections to the IOA have been marred by controversy over the issue of under which framework they would be held and this had led to the resignation of IOA-appointed Election Commission Chairman S Y Quraishi and later presidential candidate Randhir Singh withdrawing from the race.Taking into account Delhi High Court's order, the Quraishi-led Commission had ruled that the IOA polls would be held under the government's Sports Code, which in turn, invited IOC's directive to the IOA to \"exclusively\" apply the Olympic Charter and the IOA Constitution.Quraishi, a former Chief Election Commissioner of India, then stepped down, citing the backtracking by the IOA to apply the Sports Code. Justice (retd) Anil Dev Singh was appointed by the IOA in his place.Quraishi's resignation led to the postponement of the elections from November 25 to December 5, but a relentless IOC was not happy with the confusion surrounding the code under which the polls would be held.Randhir Singh, who is an IOC member and Secretary General of both the OCA and the IOA, withdrew his nomination for the post of president, saying that since the world body had said the polls would not be recognised if they are held under the Sports Code, he cannot go against the institution he belongs to.IOA's position has been that it has been opposing the Sports Code from the beginning but will have to abide by the Delhi High Court order to hold the elections under the Sports Code.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428252", "title": "New high: Urban youths hooked to hookahs", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Gone are the days when dangling a cigarette between the fingers was a style statement. Today's urban youth prefer to get high on a hookah when it comes to flaunting their attitude. Cashing in on this trend, a number of hangouts in the city have opened hookah bars.At present, there are about five hookah joints here, which offer varieties of flavours and brands. Since the fashionable toxicant doesn't normally give a high, it is attracting a good number of customers, mostly college and university students.\"After we introduced hookah in our bar, initially most of our customers were foreigners. Gradually, it caught the fancy of our youths. Now we have many local customers who come here on daily basis,\" a bar owner at Bapuji Nagar area said. He said the price of a hookah here was much lower than metro cities like Delhi and Mumbai. \"We have fixed tariffs keeping in view the paying capacity of the customers. Since it is a craze among students, we charge about Rs 210 to Rs 310 per hookah,\" he said.Brands like Afzal, Alfakar, Alauddin, Quehwa, waterpipe are the most sought after ones, he said. Flavors which are hot favourites with students are paan raas, strawberry, orange, mint, apple, Xen beach, brain freezer, paan masala, tropical fantasy and fire and ice and so on. \"We have limited varieties of flavours. But our customers never complain. Once the trend becomes more popular, we will have to add to our stock,\" said Sitakanta Behera, captain, food and beverage service, at a local bar.About the procedure of making a hookah, Behera said the flavored tobacco is placed at the top of the hookah, which is covered with aluminum foil. A piece of burning coal is then put on the aluminum foil for smoke. \"The flavoured hookahs don't give a high. However, if customers ask for an intoxicant in the flavor, we add it and serve. It gives a mild high,\" said Qutabuddin Khan, captain of a city bar. He said that the equipment was essentially designed in order to filter the smoke from tobacco using water.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421610", "title": "Bangalore water supply and sewerage board begins sewage desilting", "text": "BANGALORE: \u00e2\u20ac\u2039Bangalore water supply and sewerage board (BWSSB) has taken up desilting of sewage lines in Kamakshipalya, West of Chord Road 1 and 2, Agrahara Dasarahalli, Hegganahalli, Peenya, Fraser Town, Machallibetta, Pillanna Gardens, DJ Halli on Friday. On Saturday sewage lines of Domlur, Ulsoor, Johnson Market, Purnapragya Layout, Banshankari, Padmanabhnagar, Kumaraswamy Layout. BWSSB is using recently procured jetting and sucking machines to clean the sewages.Special weekly trainsHatia-Yeshwantpur special weekly express will leave Hatia on Thursdays at 9.40am and reach Yesvantpur on Fridays at 11pm. On return, it will leave Yeshwantpur at 8.30am and reach Hatia at 9.30pm on Sunday. The first extended service from Yeshwantpur will be start on December 8 and last service is on December 29.Hubli-Yeshwantpur-Chennai tri-weekly special will leave Hubli at 8.20pm on Sunday, Wednesday and Friday. The train will arrive at Yeshwantpur at 5.15am and reach Chennai on Monday, Thursday and Saturday at 11.55am. Chennai-Yeshwantpur-Hubli tri-weekly special will leave Chennai at 2.10pm on Monday, Thursday and Saturday. It will arrive at Yeshwantpur at 9.35pm and reach Hubli at 6.35am on Tuesday, Friday and Sunday. The first extended service from Hubli will start on December 9 and the last service is on January 4, 2013.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422979", "title": "Six robbers sent in 7-day remand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Thursday sent six wanted criminals, who were arrested on Wednesday, in seven-day police remand.The police said in the past few months, they have committed robberies of over Rs 16 lakh.\"The gang was involved in all sorts of crimes, from petty thefts to snatchings, robberies and murders. Its tentacles were spread in West Bengal, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana and Punjab too. We have apprised the police of these states of their arrest. And now, we will have to take them there for probe,\" said Vijay Kumar, deputy superintendent of police (east).\"We suspect they were involved in crimes that hit Industrial Area and places around the railway station,\" he added.The police had busted the inter-state gang of robbers on Wednesday, with the arrest of six of its members from near Daria, a suburb of Chandigarh. They were planning to strike at a nationalized bank. The accused, all of whom are natives of West Bengal, are in the age group of 20 to 38 years. A country-made pistol, live cartridges, sharp-edged weapons and two stolen bikes were recovered from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427310", "title": "Kamal and Mahesh to clash?", "text": "It looks like Kamal Haasan's Viswaroopam and Tollywood Superstar Mahesh Babu's Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu are all set to battle it out at the Box Office. A slew of Telugu films is lined up for release in January and will be giving a tough competition to Kamal Haasan's much-anticipated Viswaroopam (the Telugu release). In the meantime, Chiranjeevi's Nayak , Venkatesh's Shadow and Mahesh Babu's Seethamma Vakitlo Sirimalle Chettu are also gearing up for a January release. Will all these films get theatres for release or will the Telugu version get postponed? We will have to wait and watch for that.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426541", "title": "Calling actor a prop irks Asin", "text": "Bollywood actress Asin says it is unfair to call anyone, let alone a heroine, a prop in a male-oriented film. She says whatever the role may be, a heroine plays a part only she can essay in a movie.\"I don't think anybody is a prop (in a film). You need a female protagonist and only she can do the role. So it is not very fair to call anybody a prop,\" Asin told IANS.After making her mark in the southern film industry, Asin made her Bollywood debut with Ghajini in 2008. Since then, she has been a part of many successful films like Ready, Bol Bachchan and Housefull 2 .\"I think I am satisfied with the roles which I have got. They have become hit also. It is not easy to come from south to the north. Both audiences want different (types of) heroines. So it is not like it is an easy task. Otherwise, everyone would be doing it,\" she said.Even if any of her films don't manage to do too well, Asin knows how to take it in her stride.\"Only two of my films have had an ensemble cast. I am proud and happy that I did those films as I formed many professional relationships with many stars. I am sure that there are better films ahead,\" she added.Mostly all her Hindi films have generated success at the box office success. But she laughs it off and says her presence in a movie doesn't guarantee moolah.\"I don't give any guarantee. But it has all been a success so far, thanks to god's grace. But I have no set formula. I work with teams who I like to work with. I think that is the formula. Generally I select universally appealing and fun scripts,\" she said.Asin's new film Khiladi 786 , co-starring Akshay Kumar , will hit the screens Dec 7. This is her second film with the star and Asin says she shares a comfortable rapport with him.She is playing the role of a Marathi girl in the film.\"I am playing a Marathi character for the first time. It is not a delicate character. It is a bit rough. The girl is very confident, and the experience was fun,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423443", "title": "Screening at birth can save many kids", "text": "CHENNAI: Thousands of children can be saved from mental and physical retardation if a simple test is done at birth and some basic medication given, an ongoing study funded by the Indian Council of Medical Research has found.After screening 35,000 children in Chennai, Delhi, Mumbai, Hyderabad and Kolkata for genetic diseases, a team headed by Chennai-based sinologist Dr S Suresh has found that one in 900 children is born with hypothyroidism, which leads to retarded growth. Hypothyroidism is a condition where the thyroid gland doesn't produce enough hormone.\"In such children, simple hormone pills can prevent brain damage. But since we don't screen children at birth, diagnosis is delayed and many of them end up with irreversible brain damage,\" said Dr Suresh.Another such disease is congenital adrenal hyperplasia, an adrenal gland disorder where children's genitals are abnormal.Dr Suresh has petitioned the state health department to add an additional 600 to the budget for every delivery at government hospitals so children can be screened.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427573", "title": "Trisha\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s next film will be RUM?", "text": "Producer MS Raju's title RUM (Rambha, Urvasi, Menaka) has surprised every one and has been the talk of tinsel town. The latest we hear about RUM is that Trisha, Poorna and Archana are likely to share screen space in this film. MS Raju has roped in Trisha for a project however; it's not quite sure whether Trisha would be part of RUM or not.Sources further add that the film would be a female-centric film and if so, then this would be the first time Trisha would be working on a female-oriented movie, putting beside her conventional glam roles.It was MS Raju who gave the break for Trisha in Telugu with super hits like Varsham and Nuvvostanante Nenoddantana. And the actress is looking for a similar break even now since her current Tollywood stint hasn't been the best. So let's wait for the official announcement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17421374", "title": "PGI paper leak: Statement recorded in court", "text": "CHANDIGARH: In the Postgraduate Institute of Medical Education and Research's (PGIMER's) MD/MS entrance examination paper leak scam, the CBI sleuths on Thursday produced one of the alleged beneficiaries in the court and recorded his statement under section 164 of Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC).This has made the case of prosecution stronger, Venkatesh B, a scam beneficiary hailing from Hyderabad, has turned an approver for the CBI in this case. Venkatesh, who has done MBBS, had appeared for the MS exam in Chandigarh on November 10, when this case was busted.\"He has recorded his statement in the court as CBI's approver. It has strengthened the prosecution's case. Right now, we could not disclose anything about what he had told the court as it could hamper our probe,\" said a CBI official here.Earlier on November 26, CBI had recorded the statement of another beneficiary Krishna Reddy, who had also become CBI's approver in this case.According to reliable sources, Venkatesh had told CBI that the deal was struck for Rs 40 lakh with Kotta Gangadhar Reddy (one of the kingpin). He had already paid him Rs. 5 lakh and had to pay another installment of Rs 35 lakh after clearing the examination.So far CBI had questioned around a dozen beneficiaries, in this scam, at their office in Sector 30 here. But till now they have not arrested any of them.MD/MS entrance exam leak scam had shocked the city on November 10 and since then police have arrested 16 accused, including eight women. At present all of them are in judicial custody and are lodged at high-security Burail jail here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422292", "title": "Security at Government Rajaji Hospital under a cloud", "text": "MADURAI: The family drama in the infant theft case at Government Rajaji Hospital on Thursday has raised questions about the functioning of the CCTVs in the department of obstetrics and gynaecology at the hospital.GRH outpost police said of the three CCTVs in the OG department, only one was in working condition. The cameras were installed three years back when a baby was stolen from the hospital. In total, there are 16 CCTVs at various strategic locations in the hospital. However, due to poor maintenance, most of these are dysfunctional. There is a dedicated monitoring room near the dean's office in the hospital, which remains locked always. In the past, N Mohan, dean, Madurai Medical College, had said that additional monitoring systems and dedicated monitoring rooms would be established in the Resident Medical Officer's chamber as well as the GRH police outpost. But the ideas were not implemented.However, Mohan claimed that a majority of the cameras were functioning. \"Most of the cameras are in working condition. However, there are complaints that the quality of footage is not good. Advanced CCTVs will be installed in the hospital shortly. We have also strengthened security in the OG department,\" he said.But police maintain that whether the cameras are faulty or not, they have miserably failed in performing their duty when required to. Despite requests, the police investigating the infant theft case did not get any footage from the hospital authorities. \"We know the video outputs of the CCTVs are of low quality, but they would have helped crack the case. The footages were not provided,\" said a police officer.\"Had the security cameras been functional, and had we the footage on time, we could have cracked the drama in the morning itself,\" police sources added.\"In an earlier instance, we got some footage from the working camera from the OG department. We could not point out any person due to poor quality of footage,\" said the police source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423472", "title": "CBSE schools in Hyderabad game for sports", "text": "HYDERABAD: It is time you took your child's sports lessons in school seriously as according to a new policy being adopted by many schools in Hyderabad, marks obtained in physical education and sports will have a bearing on the final grades. As part of the newly introduced Continuous Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE), schools under the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) curriculum have decided to keep aside up to 15% marks for physical education for the final grades of students.About 20 out of the 36 CBSE schools in the city have currently introduced a detailed report card for physical education, which principals say will have a direct impact on the final grades. This decision has been taken to improve the health standards of children due to increase in the number of obese cases in the city. \"Parents are interested in overall development of their children. With CBSE promoting skill development in sports, the physical education classes have become rather important for students,\" said Usha Reddy, principal of Meridian School, where students are being asked to make a choice from three games on the offer.More schools are expected to follow suit in the coming academic year. From a physical fitness to proficiency in games, assessment will be done at different levels in these schools. While students will be assessed on a 10 point scale over a period of six months in an academic year, expert physical education trainers from reputed fitness solution companies will keep both parents and teachers updated on the status of the child's physical fitness levels.Among the schools that offer a complete sports package to their students are Meridian School, Euro Kids School, P Obul Reddy School, Geetanjali School, Chirec Publc School and Oakridge International School among others. While Delhi Public School and Chinmaya Vidyalaya are planning to implement it from the next academic session. \"We would want to implement a richer programme by the beginning of the next academic year so that the students can opt from a wide range of games. Parent Teachers Association is in favour of the management's decision to better the physical education curriculum here,\" said Seetha Murthy, principal of Silver Oaks School.School principals who have implemented the complete sports education pattern said parents are interested in the same. Parents said while exhaustion levels in children are what they are worried the most about, the newly developed physical education classes and assessment gives them a status report on their health. \"Children are encouraged to be part of sports, unlike earlier times when physical education was just another hour for teachers to take special classes. The change in focus has brought back leisure to school education curriculum,\" said Praseetha Reddy, parent of a child in Chirec Public School.Some said since parks and open spaces in the city are shrinking everyday, the school ground is the only place where children can play. \"In this context introduction of a comprehensive sports curriculum will help them a lot,\" said Md Kareemuddin, a parent of Sujatha School in Chapel Road.Times viewAt a time when children are suffering from obesity and childhood diabetes , which doctors say is mainly due to consumption of junk and unhealthy food, the initiative by 20 CBSE schools to encourage sports in their institutions is a big relief. All schools from other boards should take this matter seriously as today's children are tomorrow's future and their well-being and fitness will have an impact on the country's prosperity in the long run.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428159", "title": "Repair work at Bai ka Bagh raises stink", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) leaders have alleged of irregularities in the repair work of the lane and drains in the area of Bai Ka Bagh. In this connection, party leaders handed over a memorandum to the district magistrate on Thursday demanding inquiry.Party leader and corporator of Rambagh Girijesh Mishra alleged that the ongoing work at Bai Ka Bagh locality is seeped in corruption as the contractor concerned has not repaired the drain along with the road. Old bricks have been used in lane 4 of Rambagh. School children are also facing problems as the newly set cover has come off.He has also alleged that complaint has been made to the municipal commissioner but no action has been taken up so far.The BJP leader has threatened that if no action is taken in the matter within three days, BJP leaders would be forced to stage protest at South Malaka Dot bridge.Meanwhile, residents of Nai Basti and adjoining areas met the Kumbh mela adhikari under the leadership of corporator Kiran Jaiswal on Thursday. They urged the official to initiate civic works in the area before Mahakumbh so that pilgrims thronging the places face no problem.Corporator Kiran Jaiswal demanded that repair of Shankar Lal Bhargava Road, Triveni Road, Hemakutir Road, Chowkhandi Road and lanes and by lanes of the Kydganj locality should be undertaken before the start of Mahakumbh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425706", "title": "Two killed in bike-car collision", "text": "MYSORE: Two persons were killed in a collision between a bike and car at Kalahalli Gate in Hunsur taluk on Thursday.Police said Mahavdevu, 45, of Kalahalli, and Pavani, 25, his relative, were headed towards Hunsur town, when a speeding car headed to Kodagu rammed their bike near Kalahalli gate around 2pm. While Mahadevu was killed on the spot, Pavani has been admitted at a private hospital in Mysore and her condition is said to be critical.After the incident, locals protested complaining that such accidents occurred frequently as there were no speed breakers laid on the road. They also blocked Mangalore-Bangalore Highway for nearly an hour, police said. DySP Mahadevaiah and CPI Gajendraprasad visited the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424371", "title": "8th international telemedicine conference inaugurated", "text": "COIMBATORE: Defence Research and Development Organisation (DRDO) is at the fore front in utilising telemedicine to ensure proper health of the soldiers during war and peace operations. Therefore, it has developed bio-medical data acquisition systems and sensor jackets for remote monitoring the health of soldiers, said V C Padaki, director, Defence Bio engineering and Electromedical Laboratory.Speaking to TOI after inaugurating the 8th International Telemedicine Conference 2012, here, organised by the Telemedicine Society of India, he said that the laboratory is more interested in designing and development of life saving technology.\"We are involved in the aspect of how to provide the health care to the soldiers at the remote locations,\" he said. Padaki said the armed forces are posted in adverse and at times inaccessible locations on national borders. Owing to these constraints, during emergency, the wait to receive medical treatment is long. In such situations, telemedicine will be a front-line technology, an ideal tool to reach out to the remote areas, Padaki noted.The technology has been developed and tested successfully and will soon be introduced for the soldiers. It can be adopted in the battle field, snow bound Himalayan regions or in jungle war scenarios. DRDO has initiated research and development activities and has developed bio-medical data activation system and transmission system that confirms to the military standard. Further, the rigid design has been made to assist the armed forces doctors seeking expert opinion during an operation in the hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17426028", "title": "Indian couple held in Norway for trying to discipline son, claims family", "text": "HYDERABAD: V Chandrasekhar, a software professional from Andhra Pradesh's Krishna district working in Oslo, never imagined that he and his wife would be arrested by Norwegian Police for trying to discipline his 7-year-old son.Chandrasekhar along with his wife Anupama was taken into custody by the police in Oslo for allegedly trying to discipline their son, their family here claimed.The police arrested Chandrasekhar, a TCS employee nine months after the child complained to his school teachers that his parents were threatening to send him back to India for his acts, Chandrasekhar's nephew V Sailender claimed.\"My uncle had no idea about the case registered against him initially. He came to Hyderabad along with his wife and children in July and went back to Oslo in the last week of October. Then he was served a notice to appear before the authorities along with his wife,\" he said.\"My aunt also went to Oslo on November 23 and the couple appeared before the authorities concerned. On November 28, we were informed by my uncle's neighbours in Oslo that they were arrested and remanded,\" Sailender told PTI.The boy was found urinating in the school bus which was reported to his father, who in turn \"threatened\" the child that he would be sent back to India if he repeated that again, Sailender said, adding the boy was also found bringing toys from school.\"We are yet to get complete details on Chandrasekhar's arrest,\" he said.He said the boy was under the custody of Norwegian child protection authorities for some time in February to study his behavioural pattern.Later, they found that the child was alright but 'hyper-active' and handed over him to parents,\" he said.When contacted, a spokesperson of TCS confirmed the arrest but refused to offer comment, saying that it was a personal matter of the employee.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424929", "title": "Learn basics in pottery making", "text": "BHOPAL: Potters market, an interactive ceramic art exhibition, bringing together pottery artistes and enthusiasts, began at the Gauhar Mahal here on Thursday. It is the second year when potter will give live demonstrations making and firing pots at the four-day exhibition.\"Enthusiasts can once again experience the magic of clay,\" said organiser Sonia Rashid. \"Going by the response we are confident that pottery has great potential in the city,\" she added.Those interested in learning pottery making can do at the potter's studio. For a fee about Rs 50, enthusiasts can participate in each step in the overall pottery process. Helped by a professional potter they would get to glaze and watch firing techniques. \"Eventually we would like each participant to take back home a finished piece, made by themselves,\" said Rashid.Every morning between 9.30 am to 11.00 am potters will make presentations.He went to America to study engineering. Barely a year into his course, Sumanth Sampath informed his family (in India) that he was leaving quitting the rat race to become an electrical engineer, rather he wanted to glaze and fire and learn the fine art of ceramics at a university. \"My parents were shocked and freak out they did. Even today they think it's a passing phase and I would take up something normal,\" said Sampat. Half a decade later, his trademark potteryware shelves in signature restaurants and hotels across India.Closer home-Hoshangabad-based Rajeev Nafde quit his job as a teacher to take up full-time pottery making. \"Overall pottery process of pottery is an art in itself,\" he said. The former Hindi teacher, now tours across the country exhibiting and selling his work. His work is inspired by the local art of Madhya Pradesh .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423073", "title": "Government-textile traders' tussle may revive", "text": "HYDERABAD: The tussle between the government and textile traders, that had mellowed down following a 'gentleman' agreement between the two some time back, is likely to be revived as traders have stated that they will not pay tax until there is a uniform taxation rule in all the states of India.The traders' community strongly agitated over the government's move to impose VAT on textile last year. Protests were marked by bandhs, trade holidays and hunger strikes.They refused to collect tax from purchasers stating that absence of tax in other states would make them lose their competitive edge. Negotiations with the government resulted in a breakthrough in March when traders presented two proposals to the government for consideration.One of the proposals, which spoke of 1% tax, was amenable to the government. Delay in bringing out an ordinance to effect the proposal resulted in some consternation amongst traders. Nevertheless,The government came out with an ordinance on November 5. but traders, going back on their word, have said that they would pay tax only when it is countrywide.According to the ordinance issued on November 5, traders with a turnover of Rs 7.5 lakh are exempted from turnover tax or VAT. Traders who have a turnover exceeding Rs 7.5 lakh but less than Rs 50 lakh have to pay a composite tax on turnover tax at the rate of 1% while traders with a turnover exceeding Rs 50 lakh have to pay VAT at the rate of 1%.However, in the general body meeting of the Andhra Pradesh Federation of Textile Associations (APFTA), it was decided that traders will not pay VAT till a uniform taxation law is implemented across all states. Interestingly, traders also appealed to the government not to withdraw the ordinance issued but keep it in abeyance.\"When we proposed an alternative, we said that tax would be paid from April 1 subject to existence of uniform tax on textiles throughout the country. We have made the same representation to the government. So we have requested that the ordinance be kept in abeyance until the tax on textiles is implemented in other states as well,\" said A Prakash, president of APFTA.The representation notwithstanding, commercial tax officers in all districts have been instructed to act in accordance with the ordinance. It is also learnt that traders have been given November 30 deadline for obtaining the Tax Identification Number (TIN) with the commercial and sales tax department (CST). Commissioner of CST Suresh Chanda said that conditional exemption on payment will be made until March 31. \"We will collect taxes according to the ordinance from April 1 even if traders have not collected from purchasers. Since this is the first time that commercial taxes department is collecting tax on textiles we are not sure how much revenue it will generate. But many traders are registering with us and soon we will be able to determine the revenue,\" he said, adding that it is not clear when the GST will come into force and instructions have already been issued for tax collection.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422935", "title": "Clueless behind wheel? Log on to updated traffic webpage", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The revamped and updated website of the Chandigarh traffic wing was launched on Thursday. Harman Singh Sidhu of NGO Arrive Safe worked on the website, making it more striking and interactive. Visitors to the website can also test their knowledge of traffic rules with an online test. The website was launched by director general of police Pardeep Srivastava.Police decided to focus on the internet as a means of communication and persuasion to deter motorists from indulging in rash driving and to sensitize city residents about traffic rules. They have also uploaded videos of deadly accidents on You Tube to make people empathize with the pain and trauma accident victims go through.\"We made the website around seven years ago. Even though data was being updated at regular intervals, there was a need to add more features to attract more visitors. We have made the new version more interactive, catchy and colourful. Visitors will find themselves clicking on the different bars out of curiosity,\" Sidhu said. To reach out to youngsters, police have uploaded a traffic awareness video on YouTube. \"We have uploaded a traffic awareness video to spread knowledge among motorists. Youngsters are hooked to the internet these days and we could capture their attention using the medium,\" said superintendent of traffic police Maneesh Chaudhary.The website has a history of habitual traffic offenders, information on traffic rules, rules of first right-of-way to determine who gets to go first in different situations, community participation, traffic signs and markings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17423007", "title": "Chhaoni land proposal 'deemed approved' for want of discussion", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) general body (GB) allowed a proposal related to Chhaoni land worth Rs20 crore to be 'deemed approved' by not discussing it on Thursday. Any proposal which is kept pending for more than 90 days is deemed approved. Interestingly, mayor Anil Sole personally felt that the proposal should have been discussed in the general body.Condemning the BJP-led ruling alliance, corporator Dr Prashant Chopra threatened to resign if the NMC administration initiates process to give the precious land in builders' hands. \"The land admeasuring 6,144 sq mt (66,109.44 sq ft) at Chhaoni in my ward is reserved for Town Hall. Half of it is encroached but the remaining 3,000 sq mt (32,280 sq ft) is open. The town planning department, under political pressure, proposed to delete the reservation despite my demand to utilize the land for public purpose. BJP leaders are letting the land to slip from NMC's hands despite opposition from party MLA Sudhakar Deshmukh. I will fight at all levels so that builders do not benefit due to this,\" he said.Chopra said that this was anti-general body decision. \"I demanded the mayor to table the proposal but it was denied.\"The proposal was prepared following demand of MLA and BJP city president Krishna Khopde. But Khopde too opposed the proposal after learning about the loss to the NMC.After the meeting, Sole said that the proposal should have been discussed in the general body. \"Any proposal if kept pending for over 90 days is deemed approved. But the administration should again send the proposal to general body utilizing its provisions. I have decided that from next time no proposal should be kept pending without discussion,\" he said.If the mayor's statement is to be considered, then six long pending proposals, including promotion to executive engineer Prakash Urade as superintending engineer, will also be deemed approved as it has completed 90 days.In other proposals, the general body elected BJP corporator Ravindra alias Chotu Bhoyar for the NIT's board of trustees. BJP finalized Bhoyar's name putting end to strong infighting.Besides, the general body passed proposals related to celebration of NMC's sesquicentennial year, naming RBI Square as Samvidhan Square and the stretch of road from Akashwani Square to Ladies Club after former chief minister the late Vilasrao Deshmukh among others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421886", "title": "Supreme Court dismisses Lodha petition in Birla case", "text": "KOLKATA: The Supreme Court on Monday dismissed a special leave petition (SLP) filed by Harsh Vardhan Lodha in the matter of appointment and powers of the administrators over the estate of late Priyamvada Birla.Lodha in the SLP before the Supreme Court challenged the powers granted by the apex court to the three-member committee of administrators - R V Raveendran, A C Chakraborty and M K Sharma - in the regard to exercise of voting rights on the controlling block of shares held by late Priyamvada Birla through which the control was exercised on the entire M P Birla group of companies.After hearing both parties, Justices Aftab Alam and Ranjana Prakash Desai said, \"We find no merit in the petitions for special leave. These are dismissed.\"The Calcutta high court, in its order, had vested all rights pertaining to the Birla estate to the administrators, giving an advantage to the Birla family in their long-drawn legal battle against the Lodhas for the control of the MP Birla group.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422452", "title": "Youth rapes girl thrice after promising to marry her", "text": "PUNE: The Government Railway Police (GRP) arrested a 19-year-old security guard from Alandi for repeatedly raping a minor\u00e2\u20ac\u201dtwice in goods trains and once at his home. The accused, Laxman Avchar, had lured the victim by promising to marry her.According to inspector Mahendra Bagade for the GRP, Avchar, a Solapur resident, first met the 16-year-old girl from Gulbarga district in Karnataka while travelling to Pune in a train in September.\"The accused befriended the victim and brought her to Pune. Later he took her to Lonavla and allegedly raped her in a goods train there. He raped her again in a goods train in Pune. He also took her to his home in Alandi and raped her,\" Bagade said.The victim filed a complaint at the Samarth police station against Avchar for raping her after promising to marry. The case was transferred to the GRP as the incidents had taken place in their jurisdiction. Avchar, a security guard at a factory in Alandi, was arrested after the GRP took over the investigations.The victim's family members had made an oral missing persons' complaint with the concerned police station in Karnataka after she did not return home.The GRP produced the suspect before the railway court on Friday afternoon. Arguing for seven days' police custody, assistant public prosecutor Shilpa Mahatekar told the court that the custodial interrogation of the suspect was essential to conduct his medical examination and to identify the places where he had committed the alleged offence.Mahatekar sought sufficient time for the police as they will have to travel to various places for the preliminary investigations. The court then remanded the accused to five days in police custody.The victim's medical examination was conducted in a government hospital. She has been kept in an observation home in the city and will be reunited with her parents after legal formalities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421773", "title": "Gold chain snatched on bus", "text": "KOLKATA: A gold chain was snatched from a bus passenger on AJC Bose Road on Thursday night. In her complaint, victim Champa Das said that the culprit had boarded the bus from Nonapukur. As the bus slowed down near Theatre Road, the youth snatched the chain and fled into a dark alley. tnnDas raised an abortive alarm, but by that time the miscreant has gone long way. On the advices of co-passengers, Das went to Shakespeare sarani police station and lodged a complaint.Siginicantly, this is the second such attempt on the passengers of buses. Earlier there was a ssimilar attempt on a passenger of a bus in Ballygunge. Police said that the same gang or individual might have been involved in the heist", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "melbourne", "code": "17423131", "title": "Myth busted: Mind can cope with 4 chunks of information, not 7", "text": "MELBOURNE: Four, not seven, is the \"magic number\" when it comes to items of information the mind can cope with before confusion sets in.A new analysis by a leading Australian psychiatrist challenges the long-held view of psychological lore of seven being the number, suggesting it might actually be four.In 1956, American psychologist George Miller published a study arguing the mind could cope with a maximum of only seven chunks of information. The study paper, \"The Magical Number Seven, Plus or Minus Two. Some Limits on Our Capacity for Processing Information\", has since become one of the most highly cited psychology articles and has been judged by the Psychological Review as its most influential paper of all time.However, University of New South Wales professor of psychiatry Gordon Parker says a re-analysis of the experiments used by Miller shows he missed the correct number by a wide mark. Writing in the Acta Psychiatrica Scandinavica, Parker says a closer look at the evidence shows the human mind copes with a maximum of four 'chunks' of information, not seven.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422604", "title": "BJP attacks PMO for giving clean chit to Vadra", "text": "NEW DELHI: Opposition BJP on Thursday hit out at the Prime Minister's Office for giving a \"clean chit\" to Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra in the land deals with realty major DLF in Haryana and sought to know how it arrived at this conclusion without conducting any probe.\"Is it the Prime Minister's Office or a bailout office? We say this with full responsibility,\" BJP spokesperson Ravi Shankar Prasad said.Prasad pointed out that several questions had been raised about the deals between Vadra and DLF including how his seed capital of Rs 50 lakh turned into Rs 300 crore within a short span of time, the controversy on an overdraft that Vadra claimed was given by Corporation Bank which the latter denied, and how Congress governments in Rajasthan and Haryana had sprung to his defence.The PMO has said in an affidavit before the Lucknow bench of the Allahabad High Court that the allegations regarding irregular land dealings between Vadra and DLF \"appear to be false, based on heresay and vexatious\".Asking how the PMO had reached this conclusion, Prasad said, \"Did you conduct an inquiry... How can the PMO be used to shield corruption?\"BJP alleged that even in the past in other cases, the PMO had given a \"clean chit\" to individuals who faced charges later. \"In the case of former telecom minister A Raja, finance minister P Chidambaram, Commonwealth Games and Coalgate, the PMO had given a clean chit. The prime minister himself has been giving repeated certificates of innocence inside and outside Parliament,\" Prasad said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421183", "title": "NDA-era 2G allocation: CBI to prosecute telcos", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI will soon launch prosecution against Bharti Airtel, Vodafone and former telecom secretary Shyamal Ghosh for alleged irregularities in allocation of additional spectrum during the NDA regime.The Supreme Court on Thursday ordered the CBI to proceed against them as per the views expressed by the investigating agency's outgoing director A P Singh.A bench of Justices G S Singhvi and K S Radhakrishnan perused documents, including attorney general G E Vahanvati's opinion, provided in a sealed cover by senior advocate K K Venugopal, but did not name anyone while passing the order.The matter was referred to the AG for his view on the purported difference of opinion between the CBI director and the agency's director of prosecution over proceeding against Bharti Airtel and its chairman, Vodafone and the former telecom secretary.The bench said, \"The CBI director is the highest authority within the organization and he had taken a particular view. Since he is the final authority, the agency should take action as per his view.\"Venugopal informed the court that the new director, Ranjit Sinha, would be taking over in two days and asked whether it would be appropriate to take his views on prosecution of the suspects in the allocation of additional spectrum during the tenure of the late Pramod Mahajan.But the bench did not want any fresh opinion from the new director, who is not as well versed with the case as A P Singh who was heading the agency when the court was monitoring investigations into spectrum allocation irregularities during UPA regime and NDA regime.\"Since the CBI director has already taken a view, the CBI should go with his views,\" the bench said after going through the opinion of Vahanvati, who sources said advised almost on the same lines.On November 19 last year, the CBI had registered a preliminary inquiry to look into the allocation of spectrum by Mahajan to certain companies beyond the prescribed limit. In the FIR, the agency had alleged that the Department of Telecom had increased the base spectrum for telecom companies from 4.4 MHz to 6.2 MHz during Mahajan's tenure from 2001 to 2003 and also allocated extra spectrum on subscriber-based criteria.The agency is still investigating the conspiracy in the Aircel-Maxis deal, which was inked allegedly through arm-twisting by then telecom minister Dayanidhi Maran . The CBI has already filed charge-sheet in the 2G spectrum scam naming former telecom minister A Raja and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425811", "title": "Rituals for Nandi comes alive on Sunday", "text": "MYSORE: The Nandi statue atop Chamundi hills will come alive this Sunday when the mahaabhisheka will be conducted.Sri Nandi Pooja Pooja Mahotsava Samiti (Bettada Balaga), an organization formed by morning strollers to the hill, will perform 30 different mahaabhishekas, including sandal power, ghee, milk, curd, tender coconut, lemon, turmeric and vermilion followed by 'mahamangalaarthi.' It's the seventh consecutive year the ritual is being held and the balaga expects over 5000 devotees.What started as a drive to create awareness to maintain cleanliness around the tourist and religious site has now become a regular affair. A bunch of enthusiasts who climb the steps to reach the top started this and now hold the abhisheka annually.Balaga member and retired bank employee S Shivakumar, 62, told TOI they have brought turmeric and kumkum from Madurai for the abhisheka. They regularly clean the statue every month and they have plans to develop the site provided they get permission from the authorities.Balaga members claim the statue is nearly 350 years old and is carved out of a single stone during the time of Doddadevaraja Wadiyar. The statute is 16 ft tall and 25 ft long.According to them, the last time the abhisheka was performed to Nandi Bull was during the period of Chamarajendra Wadiyar, before they started the practice in 2006.President S Prakashan and member N Govinda said this year they have also organized deepothsava at the statue on December 3 at 7 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424993", "title": "State roads await centre's fund sanction", "text": "BHOPAL: Besides the funds sanctioned by the union government, the state government has spent Rs120 crore from the state head on maintenance and repair of national highways in Madhya Pradesh. A number of works are withheld since various sanctions are pending with the centre, an official spokesman said on Thursday.According to the spokesman, the length of national highways in the state is 4,709 kilometres. On December 16, 2009, the centre took away maintenance and reconstruction work of the highways measuring 3,828 kilometres from the NH wing of the Public Works Department and handed it over to National Highway Authority of India (NHAI). The NHAI has, however, ignored the works. On the state government's insistence, maintenance work of 1,460 kilometre long roads was handed over to the state government again till April 30, 2012.The NH wing has the work of maintaining a total of 2,341 kilometre long national highways. The 1,460 kilometre long roads which have been handed over to the state for maintenance after a gap of two and a half years were in very bad shape. Traffic remained disrupted for a long time on these roads in the monsoon season in year 2011, the spokesman said.There is a provision of Rs 194 .63 crore for maintenance of national highways of the state's share. Of this, Rs 17.06 crore are for maintenance. Proposals worth Rs 194 crore are pending with the centre.Till April 1 this year, only Rs 32 crore was sanctioend. Funds to the tune of Rs 139 crore were received in November 2012. Of the sanctioned amount of Rs 32 crore, a sum of Rs 12 crore has been spent. There are a of total eight works of which five are withheld since sanction has not been received from the centre, the spokesman explainedDuring year 2011-12, Madhya Pradesh was entitled to receive Rs. 169 .93 crore under the Central Road Fund whereas the state spent Rs 301 crore under this head. Similarly, the state received allocation worth Rs 179 .55 crore during current fiscal. Of this, Rs 161 crore has been spent so far. A sum of Rs. 300 is estimated to be spent during the current fiscal, the spokesman added.Thus, it is clear that out of Rs 194.63 crore allocation, the state has provided Rs 17.6 crore for non-plannned works. Remaining amount of Rs 177.57 crore is paid by Regional Accounts Officer of the union government against works sanctioned by the centre. For utilisation of allocation under these heads, sanctions worth about two and half times are required, spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "dera ismail khan", "code": "17423672", "title": "Top Pakistani Taliban commander hurt in blast, 4 others killed", "text": "DERA ISMAIL KHAN: A bomb blast wounded a senior Taliban commander and killed four people on Thursday in a market in a northwestern Pakistani region on the Afghan border, police and security officials said.Maulvi Nazir Wazir, also known as Mullah Nazir, was wounded in the attack at the main market of Wana, the capital of the South Waziristan region. It was not immediately clear who was behind the attack or the extent of Nazir's wounds. \"The bomber was a boy aged 13 or 14. Five to seven people were wounded, including Mullah Nazir. His condition is said to be not serious ,\" one of the police officials said. \"Nazir is a very important commander with the support of his tribe,\" said Mansur Khan Mahsud, the director of research at the Islamabad-based FATA Research Centre.Nazir is the main warlord in South Waziristan, part of Pakistan's northwestern tribal belt considered a base for al-Qaida and other Islamist militants, and an elder in Wazir tribe.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "sarabha nagar", "code": "17423048", "title": "Here, chrysanthemums run riot", "text": "SARABHA NAGAR: One place that Charandeep Singh, 39, a government school teacher, loves the most at his Sarabha Nagar house is his sprawling garden. There are many plants that adorn his manicured green space. But what makes it stand apart is his rich chrysanthemum collection \u00e2\u20ac\u201d over 50 varieties of the flower multiply his garden's beauty.The resplendent spot is the result of his passion for gardening, love for blooms and hard work of five years.\"I started working on my garden in 2007. What prodded me was a chrysanthemum show in Chandigarh. The beautiful flowers caught my fancy and I decided to grow them at my place. Today, I have around 55 varieties of the flower that I bought from local nurseries, Patiala, Malerkotla and Chandigarh, among other cities,\" he said.Many people visit his garden daily to admire the chrysanthemums that are in full bloom in winter.\"Every day, I spend three hours looking after the flowers. I even spray pesticides to protect the plants from insects,\" he added.His wife, Harmandeep Kaur, also a schoolteacher, daughter Pavneet Kaur, 7, and son Harbeer Singh, 3, regularly take some time out to tend their green space. They love spending their mornings and evenings among the colourful beauties of the nature. Charandeep, however, rues that the city holds no chrysanthemum shows where he can display his treasure trove.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421307", "title": "Temperatures may dip further in Lucknow, says meteorological department", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the minimum temperatures remained below normal in the state with Sarsawa in Saharanpur recording 5.4 degrees Celsius, the lowest in the plains, the weatherman has predicted further drop in mercury levels in the coming days due to snowfall in the hill regions of north India.The minimum temperature in the city on Thursday was 7.5 degrees Celsius, a marginal rise from 7.1 degrees recorded on Wednesday. The city had recorded the lowest temperature of this winter on Wednesday. There will be no significant change in weather conditions in the city and the state during next 24 hours.State Met director JP Gupta said the minimum temperature in the city was four degrees below normal. In rest of the state, minimum temperatures were 2-5 degrees below normal. \"There will be no significant change in the temperatures during next 48 hours but thereafter they will drop further by 2-3 degrees. The snowfall witnessed in the hill regions on Thursday due to western disturbance is responsible for the chill factor. The chill will intensify after snowfall is over and western disturbance fizzles out. Drizzles were reported from a few places in west UP bordering Uttarakhand ,\" he said.Rain/thundershowers may occur at one or two places in west UP during next 24 hours. The minimum temperature in Kanpur on Thursday was 7.4 degrees Celsius, Allahabad 10.4 degrees Celsius, Varanasi 10.2 degrees Celsius, Agra 8.3 degrees Celsius, Rae Bareli 7.6 degrees Celsius, Shahjahanpur 7.5 degrees Celsius and Gorakhpur 7.2 degrees Celsius. The winter not only arrived early this year but is also expected to more severe in comparison to last year when November and December were 'warm' and January saw extreme foggy and chilly conditions for more than 15 days at a stretch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426424", "title": "Jayabharathi\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s son Krish to debut in Mollywood", "text": "Veteran Malayalam actress Jayabharathi's son Krish is all set to debut in Malayalam film. He will be seen in director Sidhique's 'Ladies and Gentleman'. Mohan Lal is playing the lead in the film.His actual name was Unikrishanan and the name changed to Krish J Sathar when he went abroad for higher studies. Krish was working as a commercial manager in 'Business News Americas'.He has also done a course in acting from New york film academy.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ghaziabad", "code": "17424185", "title": "Two more cars fall in Raj Ngr Extn road ditch", "text": "GHAZIABAD: Two other identical accidents have been reported at the sharp turn on the Raj Nagar Extension road which resulted in the death of a railways employee on Tuesday. The 32-year-old victim's car had toppled off the road into a deep ditch. Late on Wednesday night, two other cars, a Scorpio and a Ritz, had fallen into the same ditch.Traffic police say the spot is a major traffic problem. \"Lighting is extremely poor and the road is also quite damaged. Moreover, there is no barricading, fencing or signages on the road, so if a car strays to close to the edge it topples over,\" said a senior traffic cop. The officer also said that since there is a sharp curve on the road, signages are essential. Ghaziabad traffic police have written to GDA asking them to install proper safety measures on the road, including fencing, proper lighting, signages and speed breakers. Arjit Gupta, a 32-year-old under trainee railway technician lost his life at the spot on Tuesday night when his car turned turtle while he was returning from the wedding.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424121", "title": "Officers sensitized ahead of mock earthquake drill", "text": "GURGAON: A workshop on Incident Response System was organized by Gurgaon Disaster Management Authority (GDMA) and National Disaster Management Authority (NDMA) to sensitize the officers concerned ahead of a mock drill on earthquake to be organized on Saturday.Deputy Commissioner P C Meena, who is also GDMA chairman, constituted separate teams of officers for the mock exercise and informed them about their duties in the event of an earthquake.Addressing the officials, Meena said that the mock drill on earthquake was important for Gurgaon as it lies in the high-risk zone and everybody should understand the need of this exercise. The mock drill is being organized to educate the people about their duties if such a tragedy happens to minimize the losses as far as possible.The preparedness to meet the fallout of tragedy is also important so that we can assimilate the resources for rescue operations in the minimum possible time.During the mock drill a siren will be blown at a certain point of time to inform the general public that a (symbolic) earthquake has occurred. He appealed that on hearing the siren, everybody should stop for a minute wherever he or she is. This will help in analyzing the preparedness to handle the aftermath of an earthquake. The Incident Commander will transmit this information to the officers concerned who will react without wasting any time and take up rescue operations.Apart from NDMA member, J K Sinha, and expert Maj Gen (retd) V K Dutta, revenue officials of Gurgaon, Mohindergarh, Rewari, Mewat, Faridabad and Palwal, besides the senior officers from the local district administration, attended the workshop.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17422010", "title": "Kochi to face severe water shortage this weekend", "text": "KOCHI: Drinking water supply to city and surrounding areas would be disrupted for two more days as high saline content in Periyar river forced Aluva pump house to cease operations on Thursday. Authorities are releasing additional quantity of water from Bhoothathankettu dam to bring down the saline content so as to resume pumping.The decision was taken by district collector after pumping of water from Aluva came to a stop at 3am. According to sources, the saline content in water at the pump house had reached around 1,000 parts per million (ppm), which is very high for using the water for drinking purpose. The permissible level of salinity for potable water is about 200ppm. According to officials, it would take two to three days for the salinity to come down to normal levels.As per the collector's decision, the irrigation division started releasing 30mcu of water per second from Thursday evening against the normal 20mcu of water. An official with the irrigation division said that the saline content in the river would be checked for the next couple of days and a decision on the quantity of water to be released would be taken after that.\"It was a temporary step to release water from the Bhoothathankettu dam. Direction has also been given to complete work of the temporary bund at Purapallikavu,\" said district collector P I Sheik Pareeth.\"Saline water enters Periyar at two places - Purapallikkavu and Pathalam. As the water level in the river is low, chances of saline water entering the river is very high. Salinity has been going up for the last several days. However, authorities have failed to take steps to prevent the same,\" said Joy, general secretary, All Kerala River Protection Council.According to the Kerala Water Authority, over 25 lakh people are dependent on water from the Aluva pump house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422227", "title": "Meenakshi temple seeks to run car park, files plea", "text": "MADURAI: The joint commissioner of Madurai Arulmigu Sri Meenakshi Sundareswarar temple has filed a petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court seeking direction to the Madurai corporation to issue licence to it to operate 'parking facility' for Iyyappa pilgrims in the temple's land, situated in Ellis Nagar.According to the petitioner joint commissioner P Jeyaraman, an application was submitted to the Madurai corporation commissioner seeking licence to run a car park. But it was rejected by the corporation through an order dated May 22 this year.The petitioner stated in his petition that the corporation had permitted various private parking stands in the city and it should not have rejected the request made by the temple authority as the licence has been given to J Samsudeen of Jeeva Nagar in Madurai.When the matter came up before the division bench recently, the bench directed the respondents, Madurai corporation and licence holder Samsudeen to file counters.Accordingly, the counter was filed by the licence holder, in which he contended that he has been granted licence to collect parking fees in and around the city and he was ready to pay Rs 1 lakh in advance as rent/licence fee to the temple.The petition was heard by Justice R Subbiah who asked the government pleader to get instructions from the petitioner and posted the matter to December 4.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427471", "title": "Railways regain women's boxing title", "text": "Railways regained the national women's boxing championship after a gap of two years grabbing most of the honours in the 13th edition of the tournament that ended in Guwahati.Railways' march to the title was led by 2012 Asian Championship silver medallist Pinki Jangra who won the gold in the 51-kg class.Pinki, who had earlier upset reigning Youth world champion Sarjubala Devi of Manipur, defeated N Tonibala Chanu of Arunachal Pradesh by 14 points to bag her first gold in the Nationals.In the middle weight division it was Kavita Goyat of Haryana against Pooja Rani of Railways.After a see-saw battle, Rani, a silver medallist at the 2011 nationals, grabbed the gold by a 16-7 margin. Railways had more glory when Pavitra, feather weight, and Meena Rani, light welter, punched their way to gold. Pavitra defeated Pwilao Basumatary 20-11 in the final and Meena outclassed Suman of Police 21-14.In light fly, last year's bronze medallist Mamta continued her winning ways defeating Rebecca Lalinmawii 15-9. The 22-year-old came up with a fine show to go past the fiery Mizoram boxer winning 15-9.The victory also won her the best boxer of the championship title.India's only medal winner at this year's World Championship Kavita Chahal (+81kg) of Police won the gold as she got a walk over in the final.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421144", "title": "Probe cop inaction in City Limouzine case: Mumbai high court", "text": "MUMBAI: The Bombay HC on Thursday directed the economic offences wing to probe the possibility of inaction or dereliction of duty by its officers which enabled the main accused in City Limouzine scam to jump bail.At the previous hearing, Justice AM Khanwilkar and Justice Mridula Bhatkar had rapped EOW for using \"kid gloves\" and not moving to cancel the bail of the MD Syed Masood and his family in a complaint registered at Cuffe Parade police station. The HC was hearing a PIL by City Group Investors Association. Its advocate Mubin Solkar had submitted that EOW had not moved to cancel bail in respect of complaints lodged with it and at Nagpada.Public prosecutor Revati Mohite-Dere, submitted an affidavit by the Addl CP (EOW) Rajvardhan Sinha detailing the \"efforts taken\" by the agency. She said the Nagpada police as well as EOW have moved for cancelling Masood's bail in view of the anxiety expressed by the court at the last hearing. She said in the Cuffe Parade case, the SC had granted Masood three weeks time to surrender.\"Now that there is an order of surrender, what prevents you (EOW) from making an arrest?\" asked Justice Khanwilkar.The fraudCity Limouzine was one of the two firms of City Group which promised attractive returns on investments. In September 2007, the first complaint was registered against the firm after it defaulted on returns. Cheques issued to other investors bounced. Police estimated over 1.5 lakh people across the country may have invested crores with these firms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17427654", "title": "Regret coming to Odisha: Anna", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Anti-corruption crusader Anna Hazare on Thursday regretted coming to Odisha after noticing that his followers were fighting among themselves to brush shoulders with him to hog the limelight.\"Had I known that you people were so undisciplined, I would not have come,\" he told a gathering here. In major part of his half-an-hour speech, Anna chose to yell at his \"publicity hungry\" associates. \"The number of people gathered on the stage to be photographed is so huge that the stage may collapse,\" Anna went on.Anna has come to Odisha on a three-day visit for the first time after the launching of India Against Corruption (IAC). \"Anna ke nakal karna hai to mere jaise kaam karo. Mere saath photo utar ke kuchh nehin hasil hoga (If you want to follow Anna, follow my lifestyle. Getting photos clicked with me will not achieve anything,\" he said while addressing the Odisha State Volunteers' meet of IAC. His followers were seen jostling for space around him in a motorcade the moment he started from the Biju Patnaik airport. Two men even exchanged blows on the way.When Anna was trying to climb the stairs to the podium at his meeting venue at Rashtra Bhasa Prachar Samiti, scores of IAC volunteers jostled for a strategic space next to him. \"I will not come to the stage, till you people stop fighting among yourselves,\" Anna told them repeatedly.When Anna reached the stage, three different conflicting announcements were being made. While one announcement appealed to the gathering to stand up for singing of \"Bande Utkal janani...,\" another appeal was being made to sit down calmly. Meanwhile, a third person on the stage was requesting all on the dais except Anna to get down. Anna intervened by starting his speech. \"Only announcements will not bring results. I noticed some of you roaming around my vehicle while coming here. We don't need people who are after publicity. We need those we are ready to fight for the country and the people,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422489", "title": "Cuncolim locals want Manohar Parrikar, MLA to keep promises", "text": "MARGAO: Alleging that promises had been made to them by the previous government and not implemented, Cuncolim locals have planned on submitting a memorandum to chief minister Manohar Parrikar on the promises made by him and the local MLA, Rajan Naik, during his last visit.Parrikar had toured the constituency on November 16 where he promised to take up their demand to include the 1583 revolt against the Portuguese in Cuncolim in the school curriculum and that an independent committee would be formed for the same before the next legislative assembly session. \"There were promises made by the previous government as well, but nothing happened,\" said a member of the Cuncolim chieftain's memorial committee speaking to TOI on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17421118", "title": "India's tormentor Ricky Ponting won't pad up any more", "text": "When Jacques Kallis knocked out Ricky Ponting's stumps in Adelaide last week, not just clean bowling him but even making him look like a greenhorn, one could only feel sad.Ricky Ponting profileThere was a time when you wanted to see Ponting getting out, regardless of the opposition. That arrogant, bull-headed, sledging Aussie who terrorised bowlers and oppositions world over alike, was always a pain. The worse the dismissal, the better it felt. But on that day, it was amazing, how unpleasant it felt to watch him walk back.An Indian cricket fan, for once, wouldn't have grinned at the prospect of seeing the 2003 World Cup final tormentor getting ripped so awfully, which otherwise all along had always been such fun.Back in 2001, when Australia labelled India their Final Frontier after arriving here and faced the historic setback in Kolkata, there is a vivid memory of a young Ponting - a 26-year-old back then - strutting around in the lobby of a five-star hotel in Chennai, in his swimming trunks.Autograph hunters, despite the discomfort of his blatant 'exposure', hounded him with their scrapbooks and pens, pleading their case; and Ponting, the arrogant punter whose only idea of fun at one time meant betting on greyhound races, stared at them point blank and simply walked away.Runs weren't coming off his bat. Harbhajan Singh had troubled him enough. Thanks to his lifestyle, his former captain Steve Waugh had reportedly given the young man a good lashing. And there was a series that was slipping out of Australia's hands. Those were days when Ponting was beginning to understand what it meant wearing the Baggy Green.Young fans at the Coromandel wouldn't know how it felt. Those who didn't know Ponting, only knew his arrogance.It felt so good to watch him lose his wicket each time.You never heard Ponting come out and say \"Oh, I love India, the smell here and the sights.\" He never called Taj Mahal the most beautiful thing he'd ever seen or the women here \"so beautiful\".Ponting just spat on his hands, offered you a shake hand, and gleefully rid the gum of all its juice, like he chewed on his opponents. His simply made things stick. Ponting's only idea of India was that it was a port that Australia had failed to conquer in 36 long years and it gave him a firm sense of purpose.He always held great regard for Sachin Tendulkar, one that many say diminished a little post the 2008 Monkeygate fiasco. He reportedly even had a chat with Rahul Dravid on the last leg of their careers when India toured Australia early this year. Kumble, to him, was a gentleman of the game. And, VVS Laxman, Australia's eternal tormentor.But Ponting never said it as much. His eyes darting, the worn-out Baggy Green holding its place of pride, never mincing his words out there in the middle, he always toured India with the single-minded approach of succeeding, which he so rightfully did in 2004.Indian bowlers still remember the ruthlessness of the man. Gengiz Khan, is what he was called on the circuit. If 2008 was a blur, four years before that, he was the conqueror.Just wonder why it doesn't feel so good today that India's tormentor won't pad up any more.Times ViewIn his retirement, as through his 17-year international career, Ricky Ponting has exhibited both great timing and commitment to his team's cause above his own. Not many cricketers would call it quits when the team management and the selectors are repeatedly issuing statements backing them. Even fewer would admit that they are performing well below par. But more than any of those, it is his comment about him not playing to the standards he expects of anyone playing for Australia that puts him in a class apart. That must have been a very difficult admission to make, even to himself, for someone who has played in more Test wins than anyone else. That he found the courage to say so speaks as much for his character as his many achievements do.Ponting vs SachinMost Test Runs: Tendulkar aggregates 15,562 runs to Ponting's 13,366  Fifty-50: Tendulkar has gone past fifty 116 times, while the Aussie has 103 fifty-plus knocks  Ton of tons: Ponting carries the unique honour of notching up a century of wins in Tests (108); Tendulkar, on the other hand, has posted century of centuries in international cricket  Double Tons: Both have identical number of double centuries - six each!  Most Test knocks: Both batsmen have played most Test innings for their teams. Tendulkar has batted 317 times while Ponting has played 285 innings.  Six Appeal: This is one area where the Ponting (73) outscored Tendulkar (67)  No Triple Treat: Both failed to score a triple hundred in their illustrious career. Ponting's highest score was 257 against India at Melbourne in 2003. Tendulkar's highest is the 248 not out that he scored against Bangladesh a year later in 2004Ricky Rich", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426369", "title": "Kavya on a short break", "text": "Star of Malayalam cinema Kavya Madhavan is going to Australia with her parents. Kavya's brother Midhun is living in Australia. If sources are to be believed Kavya's gone for a short vacation with her family as she hardly gets time off shooting.She has not taken the new projects but completed all the projects she had signed. Bavoottiyudae Namathil and Lokpal are the newly releasing films of Kavya.Source: keralaboxoffice.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17421422", "title": "Jimmy's brother aims to restore glory", "text": "KOCHI: Sebastian George, elder brother of Jimmy George is on a mission to keep the memory of his late brother alive. He has collected rare footages of Jimmys' matches and screens them at different locations under the title 'Jimmy George Returns'. \"It is a voluntary service,\" said Sebastian adding that he hopes to see young generation getting excited watching these videos and embrace volleyball, the game which made Jimmy a super star.Having settled in Mysore due to his personal commitments, Sebastian finds time to visit Kerala at least twice a month for the screening of videos. Apart from collecting rare video footages of yesteryear volleyball heroes, Sebastian has also compiled numerous photographs, which depict the history of Kerala volleyball.When asked about conducting training camps for the emerging stars in Kerala, Sebastian said organising training camps is not on his agenda for the time being. \"We are getting good response from video screenings of Jimmy's footages and I hope this will pave way for the revival of volleyball in Kerala. Many people has come forward to support the Jimmy George foundation that we have formed. We may start a training academy after some years, not now,\" he concluded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "17427560", "title": "IACC organizes annual day", "text": "VARANASI: The Varanasi branch of Indo-American Chamber of Commerce organized its annual day function on Thursday. Minister counselor for agricultural affairs, Allan P Mustard and principal commercial officer of US Embassy, Greg O'Connor attended the programme.A talk on 'opportunities of Indo-US trade in agro and agro-based industries/products with special reference to eastern UP' was held on the occasion.Addressing the programme, the speakers said the aim of this discussion was to explore the possibility of foreign direct investment in agricultural industry.It is also very important that the industrialists involved in agro industry should be fully aware about the new breed of seeds to take maximum advantage. The eastern UP generates agro-business worth of about Rs 500 crores annually.Thus, there is huge scope to establish new automatic processing plants in this region. Earlier, IACC Varanasi chairman, Ahsan Rauf Khan welcomed the participants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17422063", "title": "Sand mining: Armed cops to protect revenue officials", "text": "MALAPPURAM: The state government is planning to provide armed police protection for the special squad of revenue officials in the district who conduct raids at illegal sand mining centres. The initiative is taken considering the increasing number of attacks on police and revenue officials by sand mining mafia.District collector M Mohandas told TOI that revenue minister Adoor Prakash has agreed to take steps to ensure safety of officials on duty and an official announcement regarding this is expected soon.Attacks on inspection teams are a commonplace at the illegal sand mining centres in Chaliyar, Bharthappuzha and Kadalundippuzha in the district.A gang of sand mafia had attacked the revenue officials headed by deputy collector VK Sundaran who were in search of vehicles involved in illegal sand transportation in Anakkayam near Manjeri recently. The senior civil police officer of Areekode police station, C Ammad was seriously injured in a sand mafia attack at Areekode in September. In another incident last year, a team of revenue officials escaped an attack by members of a sand mining mafia at Moorkanad near Areekode.A group of illegal sand mining mafia attacked the house of Edavanna SI recently. The attackers also set afire the car parked in front of his house, Hidyathulla, at Chembukuth near Edavanna town.Tirur RDO K Gopalan said the squads of revenue officials alone cannot prevent illegal mining and transportation of sand in the region. \"We are facing serious threats from sand mining gangs which are active in Kuttippuram, Thirunnavaya, Tanur and Thripprangode regions,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423425", "title": "Plea seeks to quash Tamil Nadu police chief\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s appointment, cites \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcundue preference\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHENNAI: An advocate has filed a PIL seeking to quash the present director general of police (DGP) K Ramanujam's appointment as head of state police. The PIL accuses the state government of implementing the Supreme Court order on police appointment selectively to benefit the DGP.Originally due to retire on November 30, Ramanujam is now set to enjoy a two-year extension of tenure, thanks to a state government amendment to a government order on appointment and tenure of DGPs. The GO dated June 6, 2007 stipulated \"the DGP shall have a minimum tenure of 2 years or till the date of his superannuation, whichever is earlier.\" In an amendment brought by the present government on November 12, 2012, it has been substituted as \"the DGP shall have a minimum tenure of 2 years irrespective of the date of his superannuation.\"Describing this as 'undue preference' shown to Ramanujam, the PIL filed by advocate Suresh Kumar said the government order to give extension of service after superannuation, that too without getting approval from the Centre, is non-est in law. It is also in violation of Rule 16 of the All India Service Rules, 1958, he said.A division bench comprising Justices Elipe Dharma Rao and S Rajeswaran, before which M Suresh Kumar's PIL came up for admission on Thursday, directed the court registry to post the matter before some other bench after obtaining permission from the chief justice.In his petition, Suresh Kumar insisted that Ramanujam could not continue in his post beyond November 30 and added that the chief secretary had misconstrued the judgment of the Supreme Court in the Prakash Singh Case and introduced the amendment without jurisdiction.The chief secretary waited for 11 months from August 2, 2011, and the moment the senior most IPS officer K Vijayakumar retired from service, Ramanujam was made head of the state police force.\"The very appointment of Ramanujam by the chief secretary is without any jurisdiction and justification,\" Suresh Kumar said, adding: \"Ramanujam disqualified himself from holding the DGP post and head of the police force as the chief sectary had not implemented the Supreme Court order dated September 22, 2006.\"With a view to insulate police from political interference, the apex court had on September 22, 2006 laid down seven guidelines including a minimum of two years of tenure for DGP. At the same time, it also prescribed tenure for inspectors-general and other officers, prescribed formation of a State Security Commission, separation of investigation, Police Establishment Board, National Security Commission and Police Compliance Authority. Though the Tamil Nadu government is not among the states which had complied with this apex court judgment, its DGP has been given the benefit of the judgment, the PIL said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421197", "title": "Aruna Chaddha seeks bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Former Haryana minister Gopal Kanda's employee Aruna Chaddha, arrested for allegedly abetting the suicide of air hostess Geetika Sharma, moved the Delhi high court for bail on Thursday.Her plea is likely to come up for hearing on Friday. She has sought bail on the ground that police have already filed chargesheet in the case and the probe against her is complete. Meanwhile, the Delhi Police filed an application seeking expeditious court proceedings in the case as it has been over three months since the case was registered, but failed to produce investigating officer in the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "17427690", "title": "Man travels eastward selling lucky charm", "text": "KORAPUT: This black beauty is its owner's pride. The galloping horse and his master, Mohammed Akil, firm on the saddle make heads turn on the streets of Jeypore. Many approach him for a horse-shoe and he is only too glad to pull out one from the horse's hoof. It's the hooves that keep his hearth burning.A native of Uttar Pradesh, Akil is content selling horse-shoe for a living. \"On an average, I sell about 10 pieces daily. Considered lucky charm, they are in great demand among shop owners,\" he said.His business made him trudge all the way from Baruli in Uttar Pradesh to Odisha. Having travelled to Cuttack, Bhubaneswar, Rayagad and Koraput, Akil reached Jeypore , a couple of days back.The narrow band of iron fetches him anything between Rs 100 and Rs 200. Having sold a piece, he takes the horse to a corner and fits another metal plate to the hoof.While shop owners hope to boost business with a horse-shoe, many fix them at home for prosperity.Blissfully unaware of the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals Act, Akil goes about his business. \"I am not sure if this amounts to torture,\" he said. All he knows is that it is his bread and butter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421085", "title": "Nursery forms available from Jannuary 1", "text": "NEW DELHI: Around 2,000 private, recognized schools in the city will start giving application forms for nursery admission from January 1, said education minister Kiran Walia on Thursday.\"Schedule giving other details, including the last date of submission of forms, will be finalized soon. However, I can confirm that the process of giving admission forms will start from January 1,\" said Walia after holding a meeting with senior officials of the department.The admission process for the 2013-14 session is starting a week later than the earlier session. \"We want to give sufficient preparation time to parents. So, the announcement of the dates and the guidelines will be made in advance,\" Walia said.Sources said all schools would follow a uniform schedule. Also the parameters to be adopted by every recognized private unaided school will have to be first approved by the government.The minister, however, ruled out any possibility of a common admission form for private schools. \"I want to categorically add that we would like to give schools their space and have their own individual forms. There won't be any common admission form,\" Walia added.The concept of a common admission form was introduced last year but only for the economically weaker section for admission to nursery classes in the private unaided school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428199", "title": "Govt grants Rs 699 cr for mela, but no stable ghats at Sangam", "text": "ALLAHABAD: A sum of Rs 669 crore has been sanctioned by the state government for undertaking permanent work during the Kumbh Mela which would be carried out by different departments. As compared to other departments, the budget of Irrigation department has been reduced in view of decision to shelve the project related to construction of permanent ghats in the Sangam area, said divisional commissioner Devesh Chaturvedi throwing light on progress of work for the upcoming Kumbh Mela here on Thursday.Stating that Kumbh mela work has been put into three categories, he said permanent work would be complete by December 31 while the remaining temporary and ad hoc jobs would continue till the mela begins.Department-wise funds released by the state government include Rs 65 crore for power department, Rs 15.99 crore for irrigation, Rs 282 crore for Public Works Department (PWD), Rs 14.39 crore Jal Nigam, Rs 34.95 crore Allahabad Development Authority(ADA), Rs 90 lakh Jhunsi Nagar panchayat, Rs 86 lakh Avas Vikas Parishad, Rs 1.16 crore Tourism department, Rs 35.51 crore Allahabad Nagar Nigam and Rs 3.83 crore for the Ganga Pollution Control Unit. A total sum of Rs 455.03 crore has been released by the government for different departments for Kumbh Mela in the first stage.Likewise, in the second stage, a total of Rs 307.95 crore has been sanctioned by the state government under different heads.The mela would be spread over a total area of 4783.32 acres or 1936 hectares, out of which 424.964 acres is under the control of mela authorities, while 535.887 acres is under the control of Defence authorities.Area under the control of railways is around 18.307 acres while another 3350.61 acre of land has temporarily acquired from farmers of 44 villages coming under the jurisdiction of Sadar, Phulpur and Karchana tehsil.Besides, another 453.55 acre of land falls under the jurisdiction of gram sabha and river bank area.Out of the total area of 4783.32 acres of land around 3675.280 acres would be utilised for camping of kalpavasis, akharas and other government and non-government organisations and the remaining 118.020 acres would be used for parking of vehicles.Chaturvedi said allotment and granting possession land in the Mela area would start by December 1 this year and Akharas followed by Dandi Badas would be given land on priority basis. Allotment of land for other organisations would start from December 12.For the first time, parking would be at three levels, including inner, middle and outer. Facilities like road, toilets and drinking water would be provided to those availing parking facility under the first two categories ie inner and middle. On the other hand, the third level of outer parking would also be developed as hoarding area to provide details of pubic transport including railways and roadways to pilgrims.Three new areas including Nehru park for traffic coming from Kanpur side and Badra for traffic from Varanasi and other areas and Devrakh near Arail for those coming from Mirzapur would be developed as parking areas.Facilities like road, water, electricity, passenger shed, bonfire, public toilet, washrooms, kitchen, eatable shops, vegetable shops, police outpost, fire brigade and primary health centre equipped with an ambulance would be available at these spots.Assistance from both national and international corporate houses would be sought as a part of Corporate Social Responsibility to sponsor public facilities in the Mela area.To cope up with the traffic congestion on the mobile network during bathing days, officials and employees would be provided CDMA mobile phones to ensure connectivity.For the first time with an aim to enforce a dress code among employees, aprons of different shades and colours would be provided to employees engaged in mela duty with their identity card affixed at the top.NCC cadets along with Boys and Scouts volunteers from different schools would assist the mela staff in performing various duties including traffic management and guiding pilgrims coming to the Mela area. This is being done on the specific instructions of state chief minister to ensure maximum participation of youth.Grievance Redressal Cell would be equipped with telephone numbers of all important departments and their officials and pilgrims/visitors can lodge complaint directly or through phone.To check defecation in the open areas, Mela authorities are planning to nearly double the number of toilets and discard the existing system of trench toilets.To check duplicity and misuse of identity cards, Mela authorities would maintain a master register which would contain the name and other details of persons who have been issued identity cards.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kishanganj", "code": "17424216", "title": "CO, SHO kept hostage for five hours", "text": "KISHANGANJ: Armed tribals held hostage Thakurganj circle officer (CO) and Galgalia Station House Officer (SHO) for nearly five hours on Wednesday when they had rushed to resolve a land dispute at village Birangachh under Galgalia police station in Kishanganj district on Wednesday.A small group of tribals forcibly harvested the standing paddy crops from a field at village Birangachh under Galgalia police station, close to Bihar-West Bengal border, on Wednesday. The tribals were, however, prevented from carrying away the bundles of harvested paddy crops by the men of land owner Usman Ghani.Ghani claimed that the plot of land had been in his possession since 1972, and there is no dispute over it. Tribals, however, contested this, claiming that the aforesaid chunk of land stood in 'kaymi khatiyan' in the name of Matla Kisku.Agitated tribals under the leadership of a Bhoodan leader Subodh Tuddu virtually kept the Thakurganj CO Anup Tripathy and Galgalia SHO Ravindra Kumar 'Ravi' when they rushed to the said field to defuse the tension. They insisted that deputy collector land reforms (DCLR) should come immediately and resolve the tangle. Tribals said, they had already lodged a written complaint about the land two months back.Kishanganj district magistrate Sandeep Kumar R Pudakalkatti, talking to TOI on Thursday said the DCLR Qamar Alam had been rushed to the troubled spot. The tribals relented after they were assured of a resolution of the problem by the DCLR shortly, he added. The DM, however, denied that the CO and SHO were kept hostage by the angry tribals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420537", "title": "Controversial Bhanot set to get elected unopposed", "text": "NEW DELHI: Lalit Bhanot, the tainted 2010 Commonwealth Games Organising Committee's secretary general, is back in the limelight and is all set to occupy one of the key posts in the Indian Olympic Association (IOA). Decks were cleared on Thursday for Bhanot - joint secretary in the current IOA set-up - to get elected unopposed to the post of secretary general as he remained the lone candidate. All his challengers withdrew their nominations for the December 5 elections.It was clear on Thursday, the last day of withdrawal of nominations, that there won't be any polling for four top positions. Abhay Singh Chautala, Virendra Nanavati, Bhanot and N Ramachandran would thus be elected unopposed to the posts of president, senior vice-president, secretary general and treasurer respectively.The returning officer, Justice VK Bali, confirmed to TOI that the elections would go ahead as per schedule despite objections raised by the International Olympic Committee (IOC). IOC has threatened to take action against India if it conducts the elections under the sports ministry's Sports Code. The international body has given the IOA time till Friday to explain its position in writing.The IOA decided on Thursday to discuss the issue with the sports minister on Friday. It also decided to send Hockey India secretary general Narinder Batra and lawyer RK Anand to Lausanne to explain IOA's position.IOA meeting 'tense, intimidating'Hockey Olympian and former India coach Joaquim Carvalho has sought to draw IOC president Jacques Rogge's attention to the IOA's Special General body meeting held on October 18 - the meeting was expected to be a stormy affair but ended in a damp squib. Carvalho, who attended the meeting on behalf of Indian Hockey Federation (IHF), claimed the \"tense, intimidating and stage-managed\" atmosphere prevented many members from raising questions. \"What shocked me was that the recent recommendations of IOC Ethics Commission were not even discussed in that special meeting,\" he said. \"The agenda did not include the important Ethics Comission report on Suresh Kalmadi , Lalit Bhanot and VK Varma,\" he wrote in the letter dated Oct 18, a copy of which is with TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420939", "title": "3,000 Pak cricket fans to get visas", "text": "NEW DELHI: Pakistanis can watch their cricket team live in action against India during the upcoming bilateral series, without the hassle of getting an Indian sponsor to vouch for them. Instead, it has been made mandatory for all Pakistani fans \u00e2\u20ac\u201d applying for a visa to watch the five-match limited over series \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to attach proof of their confirmed return journey tickets, hotel bookings for their stay in India as well as the match tickets.According to sources in the Union home ministry, as many as 3,000 visas will be issued to Pakistani fans for the series from December 25 to January 6. Of these, 1,000 visas will be granted for the match in Delhi \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the venue closest to Pakistan. As for the other four matches \u00e2\u20ac\u201d to be held in Chennai, Bangalore, Ahmedabad and Kolkata \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 500 Pakistanis each will be given visas to experience the thrill of watching the traditional cricket rivals fight it out in their first bilateral series in five years.Incidentally, a Pakistani will technically be able to get a multi-city visa for all the five venues, provided s/he has the match tickets for each of the five matches. This is the first time a Pakistani will be issued visas for five cities, as proposed in the new bilateral visa regime that is yet to be operationalized. The five-city visa arrangement, however, is limited for now to the cricket series alone.The number of visas to be issued is based on the match tickets that the BCCI has earmarked for Pakistanis.No arrivals by crossing the land border on foot - via the Wagah international check post - will be allowed, said sources. This is to ensure that no visas are issued without a return journey ticket - by bus, rail or air \u00e2\u20ac\u201d that will help the intelligence agencies verify if the Pakistani fans have travelled back home on the date indicated in their tickets.The emphasis on tracking the Pakistanis traveling to India to watch cricket is understood as 12 Pakistanis who were here to watch the last bilateral series in November-December, 2007, had gone missing and are yet to be traced. In fact, 26/11 investigations had revealed that masterminds Sajid Mir and Abdul Rehman 'Pasha' had entered India to reconnaissance targets on the pretext of watching a cricket match at Mohali.Three one-day internationals and two T-20 matches are to be played during the Indo-Pak series, the first after bilateral cricket ties were snapped in 2008 in the wake of 26/11 strikes. The security arrangements will be elaborate, as Pakistani VIPs are expected to fly down for some cricket diplomacy. Sources indicated as many as 300 separate visas may be issued for the VIP guests, of which 100 will be for Delhi and 50 each for the other venues.According to sources in the ministry, though the Indian side had initially proposed making an Indian sponsor for each Pakistani visa applicant mandatory, they agreed to relax the norms after getting a feedback from Islamabad on how this would disadvantage genuine cricket lovers who cannot get an Indian sponsor for their trip.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17423338", "title": "White paper a political exercise to buy peace between Congress and NCP", "text": "The white paper, from whatever details are available, seems to be an exercise aimed at glossing over and justifying serious charges of corruption. For those who expected the white paper to reveal a lot, it will come as an exercise in futility. But it will serve to buy peace, temporarily, between the Congress and the NCP and come as a breather for ministers and babus under a cloud.Related story:  If investigation is held, govt will fall, source says", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new york", "code": "17423137", "title": "Women prefer thin men over macho males as partners", "text": "NEW YORK: Women find thin men more attractive as potential partners rather than those who look 'macho', according to a new study.Macho features have long been touted as an evolutionary asset that heterosexual women look for in a potential mate but researchers said weight may be a more powerful driver of attraction as they found testosterone levels were more closely linked with weight than with macho looks.Researchers in South Africa found that while women do respond more favourably to the faces and bodies of men with strong immune responses, they seem to cue into fatness and thinness, not macho features, when making their judgements.Fatness, or adiposity, \"is an obvious choice for a marker of immunity because of its strong association with health and immunity,\" study researcher Vinet Coetzee, a postdoctoral scientist at the University of Pretoria in South Africa, said.Macho features such as a strong jaw and squinty eyes advertise that a guy possesses high testosterone, according to the immunocompetence handicap hypothesis.The trouble with the immunocompetence handicap hypothesis is that masculinity is not universally attractive to women, Coetzee and his colleagues wrote in the journal Proceedings of the Royal Society B.Weight is consistently linked both to health and immune system functioning, Coetzee said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17424780", "title": "Maoists attack office of private company in Jharkhand, torch eight vehicles", "text": "RANCHI: Suspected Maoist guerrillas torched eight vehicles of a private company involved in road construction work in Jharkhand's Dumka district, police said on Friday.According to police, 30 to 35 suspected Maoists attacked the office of the private company on Thursday night and torched eight vehicles including dumpers and tractors.The guerrillas escaped after torching the vehicles.No one was injured in the incident, which took place near Jamni village of Dumka district, around 350 km from Ranchi.Maoists are active in 18 of state's 24 districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423179", "title": "3 arrested for stealing 41 bikes", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A gang of thieves, specializing in stealing bank defaulters' bikes, was busted by Odhav police on Thursday. Police have arrested three people.Those arrested are Sarvar Pathan (33) of Ramol, Yusuf Malik (33) of Odhav and Jakit Shaikh (37) of Dariapur. Shaikh is also a collection clerk with a private bank in the city. Police said the three have confessed to their involvement in the theft of 41 bikes over the last six years. Police said the gang's modus operandi was very simple. Shaikh, who works as a clerk, would tip off Pathan and Malik about vehicles whose owners were defaulters. The duo would then steal that bike.When the victim tried to file a complaint, the police would ask for the registration book. Since the original would be with the bank, the owner would neither be able to produce it nor would he be able to approach the bank for the registration book as he was a defaulter. Meanwhile, Shaikh would file a report in the bank that the bike and owner were untraceable. Shaikh and Malik were caught on Thursday. tnnOn Thursday, Shaikh and Malik were moving about in the city on a stolen bike. They were detained when they failed to produce ownership papers. On interrogation, they revealed their modus operandi, after which Shaikh was also arrested", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17425038", "title": "HIV cases on a decline", "text": "MANGALORE: The number of HIV positive cases is on the decline in Dakshina Kannada district for the past five years.While the district recorded 1,225 positive cases in 2007, the number has come down to 916 in 2011 and 778 in 2012.The district has one more reason to cheer. The percentage of HIV positive cases in the district is much lesser than that in Karnataka. While 0.69% of the population in the state is affected by HIV, in the district the percentage of people living with the virus is only 0.30. The national percentage is also 0.30.District AIDS control officer M Kishore Kumar told TOI that increased awareness among the public and various initiatives taken by the government has resulted in the reduction of the number of HIV positive cases.\"The Prevention of Parent to Children Transmission Programme (PCTP), which was launched in 2006, yielded considerable result. Earlier, an average of 30-40 per cent of the children born to HIV positive women used to be HIV positive. However, this has reduced to 3 - 4 per cent after PCTP was introduced. Under PCTP, Nevirapine, anti-retroviral (ART) tablets, are given to pregnant women living with HIV. Nevirapine syrup is given to new born babies,\" Dr Kishore said.The Union government has introduced another PCTP to check the transmission of HIV recently, wherein anti-retroviral medicines are administered to HIV positive women from their fourth month of pregnancy, Kishore said adding that the programme is aimed at bringing the parent to children transmission rate to zero in the district. The number of HIV positive pregnant women too has reduced considerably in the district in the past five years. While 79 out of 14,764 pregnant women tested positive in 2007, the number has decreased to 20 out of 19,515 in 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427371", "title": "Top 15 New York Times Bestsellers", "text": "New York Times - Bestsellers, Fiction (print and e-books between November 25, 2012 and December 09, 2012)1. Title: The Last ManAuthor: Vince FlynnPublisher : Simon &amp; SchusterSynopsis: Joe Rickman, a CIA agent known for his clandestine operations in Afghanistan has gone missing and his absence has created a stir in the team. Rickman was part of many life-threatening operations in the war-torn state of Afghanistan pervaded by the Taliban , Iranians, Russians and Pakistanis- all fighting to claim their land. Director of CIA sends Mitch Rapp on a mission to find Rickman before he is brought to wrong hands. Rapp heads to Afghanistan in search of his friend and while navigating the conflict-ridden state of Afghanistan he feels something dreadful is awaiting Rickman. In the meanwhile, the FBI too has started hunting for the missing CIA agent and there are enemies all around. Will Rapp get to the truth and solve the case of his kidnapped friend?2. Title: Merry Christmas, Alex CrossAuthor: James PattersonPublisher : Little, Brown &amp; CompanySynopsis : Nineteenth in James Patterson's bestselling 'Alex Cross' series, Merry Christmas, Alex Cross is a poignant tale of a man who is on a mission to save a family from a terrible hostage situation but at the same time misses being home on Christmas eve. Alex left a mission behind him when he decided to come back home and decorate the Christmas tree with his kids and wife. However, he could not stay for long. A phone call informs him about an out-of-control situation learning which he rushes to the site. Separated from his own family to save another, will Alex Cross return alive on this festive day? For readers, this can be a holiday classic read this Christmas.3. Title: The RacketeerAuthor: John GrishamPublisher : Knopf Doubleday PublishingSynopsis : Malcolm Bannister, an ex-lawyer currently serving jail sentence at the Federal Prison Camp, Maryland, knows why Judge Raymond Fawcett was murdered and by whom. From the site of murder, the FBI couldn't deduce much for there was no forced entry, no sign of struggle, only two dead bodies, one of the Judge and the other of his young secretary's, and an opened and emptied extremely secure safe. Malcolm would like to give out every last detail, but there is one tiny hitch. He wants his freedom in exchange.4. Title: The Perfect HopeAuthor : Nora RobertsPublisher : Penguin GroupSynopsis : Book 3 in The Inn Trilogy, Nora Roberts takes us through the lives of three Montgomery brothers- Beckett, Ryder, and Owen. Hope Beaumont, the innkeeper is particularly put off by the infuriating brother of them all, Ryder Montgomery. Hope is someone who delights in the joys of small-town living but is also used to appreciating glamour and adventure in life. Then, there comes the New Year's eve when Hope and Ryder share a kiss and the tough and stern Ryder begins discovering his emotional side toward Hope. There's however a past that threatens to appear like an uninvited guest in Hope's present. Will she be able to ward off the darkness of the past or will Ryder come to the rescue?5. Title: Gone GirlAuthor : Gillian FlynnPublisher : Crown PublishingSynopsis : On her fifth wedding anniversary Amy Dunne suddenly goes missing without a trace from her rented home in North Carthage, Missouri. Under pressure from the police, media and Amy's doting parents, Husband-of-the Year, Nick grapples with a never-ending chain of lies, deceits, and his own oddly evasive behaviour. As events get murkier, the needle of suspicion points at Nick as the killer of his beautiful wife. With his sister Margo by his side, Nick pleads innocence. Then what was in that silver gift box in the back of Amy's bedroom closet?6. Title: Fifty Shades of GreyAuthor : E.L. JamesPublisher : Knopf Doubleday PublishingSynopsis : E.L James, a former TV journalist and mom of two in West London, fulfills her childhood dream of writing a book with Fifty Shades of Grey, the first of the trilogy, and turns into a bestselling author. Serving erotica to the audience with a plot that revolves around a drop-dead-gorgeous billionaire Christian Grey and his dangerous liaison with literature student Anastasia Steele who goes to interview the young tycoon, and ends up falling for him. They embark on a passionate physical affair while Ana unravels Grey's dark desires including her own.7. Title: All InAuthor : Raine MillerPublisher : Raine Miller Romance", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421196", "title": "No rolling duty on electricity: Azam Khan", "text": "LUCKNOW: Samajwadi Party-led state government has decided not to reduce power tariff by delinking duty with the electricity charge despite protests and demands by various organisations including Indian Industry Association (IIA).Replying to questions on the power scenario in the state on the floor of the House, Parliamentary Affairs Minister Mohd Azam Khan said there was no plan to roll back the power tariff. \"It is neither rational, nor practical,\" he added.Earlier, Bharatiya Janata Party members raised the issue saying at a time when the power scenario was so bad, there was no logic in increasing tariff.On September 5, the UP cabinet gave its nod to link the electricity duty with the electricity charge you pay for every unit you consume, leading to higher electricity bill, even though marginally. Until now, a consumer was required to pay a flat electricity duty at the rate of 9 paise per unit. But now, one would be required to pay at the rate of 5% of the electricity charge.For a domestic consumer, the electricity duty will be 17 paise per unit (5% of Rs 3.45 per unit). But this will only be if up to 200 units are consumed and above that, duty will be 5% of Rs 3.80 per unit, equal to 19 paise.For an average household, consuming around 300 units, the electricity duty until now was calculated at Rs 27. This would now be Rs 34.5 for the first 200 units and Rs 19 for the next 100 units. This way the electricity duty will add up to Rs 53.5 and the bill will rise by around Rs 27. In simple terms, an average household will be paying twice the electricity duty it paid so far. Likewise, the commercial consumers will have to shell out far more than what they have been paying as electricity duty.Citing reasons for no rollback, the parliamentary affairs minister said the situation was such that with the existing power tariff, the department was getting merely Rs 300 crore as profit and with increased power tariff there will be an addition of another Rs 100 crore, which was not a huge amount, but good enough to improve the finances of the electricity department.But, BJP chief whip Dr Radha Mohan Das Agrawal was of the view that the government should evolve other ways like checking pilferage and curb corruption in the department to increase the profit. Not satisfied with the government's categorical no to rollback, the party members staged a walkout from the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17421269", "title": "UP government plans to set up 58 degree colleges", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422940", "title": "Six robbers sent in 7-day remand", "text": "CHANDIGARH: A local court on Thursday sent six wanted criminals, who were arrested on Wednesday, in seven-day police remand.The police said in the past few months, they have committed robberies of over Rs 16 lakh.\"The gang was involved in all sorts of crimes, from petty thefts to snatchings, robberies and murders. Its tentacles were spread in West Bengal, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Delhi, Haryana and Punjab too. We have apprised the police of these states of their arrest. And now, we will have to take them there for probe,\" said Vijay Kumar, deputy superintendent of police (east).\"We suspect they were involved in crimes that hit Industrial Area and places around the railway station,\" he added.The police had busted the inter-state gang of robbers on Wednesday, with the arrest of six of its members from near Daria, a suburb of Chandigarh. They were planning to strike at a nationalized bank. The accused, all of whom are natives of West Bengal, are in the age group of 20 to 38 years. A country-made pistol, live cartridges, sharp-edged weapons and two stolen bikes were recovered from their possession.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420670", "title": "Nitin Gadkari taunted in LS, BJP silent", "text": "NEW DELHI: A little before 3 pm on Thursday, Sanjay Nirupam rose up from his Lok Sabha seat. As he started speaking, all eyes fell on six BJP MPs, who comprised a thin saffron bench.\"Take the case of a leader who was a minister,\" Nirupam said. \"A favour done to a contractor is returned. And the leader's wife, son, driver and servant become part of shell companies.\"The silence in the BJP benches was deafening even as the target of Nirupam's barb was not lost on anyone. For, the Mumbai North MP was raising more than a titter as he used an innocuous discussion on amendments to the money laundering law to argue for strict action against persons whose family members and aides are involved in dubious transactions.Warming up to his theme, Nirupam said, \"A person amasses illegal wealth and later says he is no longer a minister and claims he has nothing to do with the matter.\"His indirect, but vitriolic references to BJP chief Nitin Gadkari and the Purti group soon prompted mischievous inquiries, urging him to \"reveal\" who he had in mind.The BJP MPs seemed frozen in time. One of them studiously polished his glasses. Another grinned vacuously. Others seemed lost in inner thoughts, examining the Lok Sabha's green carpet in minute detail or gazing thoughtfully at its ornate ceiling.Failure to put up even a token protest over Nirupam's swipes at their party chief seemed to indicate a degree of unconcern in the BJP. The controversy over Gadkari's allegedly dodgy business dealings appears to have taken a severe toll on the main opposition.The response, bordering on resignation, might well have disappointed Nirupam. So, the pugnacious MP slipped in a few more taunts. \"Mr Minister, I want to know about this case. It involves the president of a party. What is the action taken so far,\" he looked at finance minister P Chidambaram.Despite having his headphones in place, the minister chose not to respond. For, BJP's vulnerability in its campaign against UPA's corruption scandals stood pretty much exposed.This is unlikely to be the only reference to BJP's beleaguered president that will crop up in Parliament's winter session. BJP's fresh broadside against Congress chief Sonia Gandhi's son-in-law Robert Vadra on Thursday is certain to invite a retaliatory response targeting Gadkari, which the BJP is aware of.Things are likely to come to a boil ahead of Gadkari's term coming to an end. Speculation is rife whether Gadkari, keeping in mind the controversies over the Purti group, will eventually opt out of the second term that he is about to step into. Or maybe not. Whatever happens, there is uncertainty over the RSS's attitude towards its protege. There's a feeling among political observers that the Sangh is loathe to let go of Gadkari as this will reduce its control over BJP.Some in BJP point out that the Sangh bosses could be waiting for the winter session to pass, gambling that the charges against Gadkari would by then lose their sting. Moreover, RSS leaders have been arguing that they cannot be badgered by \"media pressure\" to remove Gadkari and that succumbing will mean a new BJP chief every two months.The attacks from within, though, are not likely to taper off. BJP's indifference on display in the Lok Sabha on Thursday mirrors the soft hand with which it has responded to former finance minister Yashwant Sinha and former actor Shatrughan Sinha's criticism of the party chief.RSS may be reluctant to pick one of BJP's mainstream leaders as the new party president, but Gadkari may ultimately prove too heavy a burden. BJP's dilemma may be resolved if Gadkari himself opts out - as some feel he might - but then, he is a 'swayamsewak' to his boots and will not take the next step without Nagpur's signal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17425192", "title": "Yeddyurappa in tears as he quits BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Estranged Karnataka BJP strongman BS Yeddyurappa resigned from primary membership of the party on Friday.\"I have resigned from primary membership of BJP, sent letter to party president Nitin Gadkari\" Yeddyurappa said.Earlier the former Karnataka CM became emotional as he recalled his long association with the party even as he trained his guns at BJP leaders for hatching a \"conspiracy\" against him.\"The party has given everything to me. And I have sacrificed my life to build my previous party (BJP)\", he said, fighting back tears.Yeddyurappa said he is leaving the party \"because of our own (BJP) people. They don't want me to continue in the party; that's why I am resigning from the primary membership as also MLAship\".He is slated to tender his resignation to Speaker KG Bopaiah this afternoon.\"Some people (in BJP) did not want to me to continue as chief minister. They tried to put me in the dock. I tolerated in the past one year with a lot of patience\", Yeddyurappa said. \"I am leaving the party with deep sadness\".Without naming anybody, he said some state leaders \"stabbed me in the back\".Yeddyurappa said he resigned as chief minister following the direction of the party high-command last year as the \"disciplined soldier\" of the party. \"They mistook my goodness as a weakness\".He said he would formally join the Karnataka Janatha Paksha at a public rally in Haveri on December 9.Yeddyurappa urged MLAs and ministers in the Jagadish Shettar Cabinet supporting him not to resign as he wants the government to complete its full term and he does not want to rock the boat.\"I have asked them not to resign for the time being\", he said.Yeddyurappa said he is not leaving BJP for any selfish reason. He wants to develop Karnataka as a model and welfare state.The 70-year-old Lingayat leader is credited with bringing BJP to power in Karnataka, making it the first ever party government in the south.Efforts by top BJP leadership to prevent the exit of Yeddyurapa have failed. He turned more belligerent after BJP rebuffed his repeated attempts to regain chief ministership and refused to at least make him the state unit party chief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17422498", "title": "Nigerians not being targetted: Vijay Singh", "text": "Mapusa: North Goa SP Vijay Singh asserted on Thursday that the police will continue with their efforts to crack down on drug pushing and sought the cooperation of people to submit tenant verification/'C' forms to police stations whenever they lease out their rooms to tourists.Talking to TOI, Singh said there is no discrimination against any community or any nationality when it comes to punishing law-breakers.Referring to his interaction with Anjuna locals regarding Nigerians ('Nigerian tourists are drug pushers: SP', Page 1, TOI, November 29), he said he had not been targeting Africans or Nigerians in particular, but had been answering to the apprehensions raised by locals.He said that the general discussion was aimed at educating locals that police have no bias against any particular nationality when it comes to crimes.During the general discussion over various issues, villagers raised a point about problems created by foreigners indulging in drug-peddling, Singh said.They were informed that the police has been taking regular action against drug-peddlers, both Indians and foreigners, if found involved, he added.Singh advised citizens to get the tenants/house-help verifications done so that criminals renting the accommodation can be checked.They were advised to take adequate precautions while giving accommodation on rent to tourists, since some indulge in criminal activities, causing serious societal problems, Singh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17423331", "title": "BJP calls paper a \u00e2\u20ac\u02dcwhitewash\u00e2\u20ac\u2122, seeks SIT probe into projects", "text": "MUMBAI: The state BJP on Thursday hit out at the government, saying the white paper on the irrigation scam was a \"whitewash\". Senior BJP leader Devendra Fadnavis demanded an SIT probe into all irrigation projects in the state. The demand was made during a debate on a news channel.\"Based on the information we have received from government sources, the white paper seems nothing but a whitewash ... We have all the details of the scam,\" senior BJP leader Vinod Tawde told the media.Stating that the white paper does not seem to have addressed two key issues\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfinancial irregularities and flawed policy decisions\u00e2\u20ac\u201dTawde said, \"The BJP will bring out a 'black paper' on the scam during the winter session of the state legislature in Nagpur.\"Meanwhile, the newly formed Aam Aadmi Party has also prepared a \"black paper\" on the irrigation scam, reports PTI. On December 2, Arvind Kejriwal will release the document in Roha, Raigad district, the stronghold of Maharashtra irrigation minister Sunil Tatkare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423203", "title": "Enforcement Directorate closes in on ponzi scamsters", "text": "AHMEDABAD: After city police officials, the Enforcement Directorate is gearing up to act against ponzi scam accused Abhay Gandhi and Imtiaz Saiyad. Gandhi, who is accused of masterminding a multi-crore scam, was arrested earlier this month by city crime branch officials after more than a year on the run.ED sources suggest the agency will soon file a complaint against Gandhi, under the Prevention of Money Laundering Act. Sources suggest a complaint will also be filed against Saiyad, who is accused of floating companies to mastermind a similar scam to siphon off investors' money. Sources said ED has already asked the crime branch for all the case papers pertaining to Gandhi and Saiyed.Gandhi, proprietor and promoter of AISE Capital Management Pvt Ltd, a firmed based in Nehrunagar area of Ahmedabad, was a self-styled stock market guru. In 2010 he floated the firm to coach wannabe investors on how to become rich. The same people deposited funds with him after he promised them huge profits every month from playing the stock markets.Gandhi's fortunes dipped in May last year when he came under pressure after failing to make payments to hundreds of investors. He then went underground and hid at a relatives place in North Gujarat for a few days before going to Mumbai and flying on to Colombo. He told police that he felt his payment cycles had spiraled out of control.\"He had made a large number of agents who got in touch with prospective investors and first-time stock market dabblers. A chain reaction ensued, as those who got dividends, spread the word and got more people to invest. Returns of 120% a year was more than enough to entice people, when banks pay about 8%,\" said a crime branch official. He gathered all his resources and fled the country when his arrest became imminent. Gandhi was in touch with his family and received 4 kg of gold in Sri Lanka via his business manager.In the case of Saiyad, the promoter of Imtsons, police said that he scaled peaks quickly in the market with his schemes exclusively for Muslims. He targeted smaller towns like Khambhat and Bharuch which are awash with foreign money. As interest is not acceptable in Islam, he termed the returns dividends.ED officials said once the complaint is filed, investigations will be carried out to find Gandhi's and Saiyad's assets, for which the alleged illicit income has been used. However, soon after their arrests, Gandhi and Saiyad told police that they have no money left.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427249", "title": "My fingers crossed for 'Dabangg 2': Sonakshi", "text": "Actress Sonakshi Sinha is expecting \" Dabangg 2\" to hit the bull's eye at the box office.\"We have a lot of hopes from 'Dabangg 2'. The promos and songs of the film have garnered positive response so far and we are expecting a lot from this film,\" Sonakshi told IANS.\"I get nervous before the release of my each and every film. My fingers are crossed for 'Dabangg 2' and of course, we hope it will do a better business than ' Dabangg' ,\" she added.Sonakshi made her Bollywood debut with the 2010 film \"Dabangg\", which turned out to be a blockbuster.Sonakshi's latest film \"Son Of Sardaar' has also hit the Rs.100 crore mark in India, and she says the feeling of a movie's commercial success is great.\"When a film does well at the box office, it is very good for the industry. I am grateful to the directors and producers who have cast me their films,\" added the 25-year-old.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424667", "title": "Winter to intensify", "text": "BHOPAL: With the gradual change of wind directions in Bhopal from south- westerly to northerly, winter is going to intensify in the coming days. A rise in the temperature witnessed for past few days was due to the western disturbance over J&K;, which is expected to clear in next two days, the weatherman said.The officials of the Meteorological department, Bhopal circle said the wind direction that was south easterly and south westerly for past few days has started going northerly, indicating a fall in the temperatures. Meanwhile, the temperatures among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 30.4 and 9.4 degrees C on Thursday.The maximum temperature in Bhopal was recorded at 30.4 (+3) degrees Celsius and the minimum remained at 13.4 (00) degrees Celsius. Indore recorded a maximum temperature of 29.8 (+2) degrees Celsius against a minimum of 12.0 (+1) degrees Celsius. The maximum temperature in Gwalior was recorded at 30.0 (+2) degrees Celsius whereas the minimum stood at 9.4 (-1) degrees Celsius. The maximum and minimum temperatures in Jabalpur were respectively recorded at 29.3 (+1) 12.8 (+3) degrees C.Weatherman said similar dry condition is expected to prevail in the state on Thursday too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422679", "title": "Trial for traffic management at Ghat ki Guni", "text": "JAIPUR: To ensure smooth traffic flow after opening the Ghat ki Guni project, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Thursday conducted a trial for vehicular traffic at entry and exit points of the tunnel.During a visit to the site on Thursday, the committee constituted by the apex court to examine the development of Pink City, has directed the officials of JDA to reduce the size of the rotary constructed at Jawahar Nagar so as to avoid congestion in the area. Moreover, the committee has also directed to provide free lane to the passengers near the rotary.\"The committee has observed that traffic coming out from the tunnel can create congestion in the area as is it hampers the flow of traffic on National Highway 8,\" an official said.However, sources in the department claimed that the road is wide enough and will not create any such trouble. \"At present, the road is only 11 metre wide and it will be widened with another 20 metre. The committee might have made the observation as the actual width of the road cannot be seen,\" the source said.The JDA officials claimed that the work inside the tunnel is complete and construction of the proposed rotary and widening of roads will be completed soon. \"At present, the road near which Jawahar Nagar bypass ends along the flyover is only 7.5 metres wide. To avoid congestion, the road will be widened by an additional 30 metre,\" an official said.With the opening of Ghat Ki Guni tunnel project, which is aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra road, traffic jams in the area will be greatly reduced.According to officials, around 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) ply on the route every day. Once the tunnel is opened the 2,800 metre stretch could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossing the Jhalana Hills. \"Every year, the traffic is increasing by nearly 10%. The tunnel will help smooth passage of vehicles,\" executive engineer Sanjeev Kumar Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423158", "title": "Youth knifed over unpaid debt, dies", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A 23-year old youth was stabbed to death by his 'friend' late on Wednesday night in Juhapura. Police are searching for the accused.According to Vejalpur police, Wasim Shaikh, 23, a resident of Shahin Society near Sonal Cinema, was passing Goodluck Hotel in Juhapura at around 10.30 pm when he was approached by Muzaid Khan Pathan alias Musa, a resident of Fazal-e-Rabbi Society, Juhapura.R G Desai, inspector of Vejalpur police station, said Shaikh worked as a driver with a private company while Pathan was involved in anti-social activities.Shaikh had earlier borrowed Rs 20,000 from Pathan to pay for some family expenses. \"According to eyewitnesses, a scuffle erupted when Pathan demanded his money. Shaikh explained that he did not have the money but would repay it as soon as possible,\" said Desai.However, as Shaikh had already made similar promises earlier, Pathan refused to give him any more time and asked for the money on the spot.The row escalated and Pathan brandished a knife. Shaikh tried to thwart him but Pathan assaulted him and stabbed him thrice in the stomach. Shaikh slumped lifeless on the spot.\" Yunus Rasool Shaikh, a resident nearby who saw the assault, rushed to Wasim's rescue. Pathan then inflicted some injuries on his left hand as well. When more residents began gathering on the spot, Pathan fled from the crime scene. Wasim was rushed to VS Hospital for treatment but the doctors on duty declared him brought dead,\" said a Vejalpur police official.Investigators said both Shaikh and Pathan have earlier been named in petty crimes and Pathan had been caught twice by Vejalpur police. \"A search for Pathan along with the murder weapon has been initiated,\" said Desai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421566", "title": "Three youths drown in Banagiri tank", "text": "BANGALORE: Three youths who went to take a swim in a tank drowned in Andersonpet on Thursday afternoon. The deceased have been identified as Shanthakumar, 20, Linga, 15, and Sullan, 18. While Shanthakumar and Linga were residents of Frank and Co, an area near Marikuppam, Sullan was a resident of Andersonpet.According to KGF DySP HP Rajanna, about half a dozen youths arrived at the Banagiri tank to have a swim. But they didn't know how to swim. As they tried swimming, a couple of youths slipped deep into the tank while one boy floundered. All three downed while three others managed to come out of the water.Rajanna said that the bodies were fished out by the fire brigade. A case has been taken up in Andersonpet police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428302", "title": "Anna to campaign for Aam Admi Party", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Anna Hazare will campaign for candidates of the recently floated Arvind Kejriwal-led Aam Admi Party, the anti-corruption crusader said here on Thursday.Speaking at a meeting of Team Anna volunteers in the city, Anna said Kejriwal and his fights were meant to achieve the same results. \"We have taken separate paths. Our ways may be different but Arvind and I are fighting for the same. If he gives tickets to good candidates, I will campaign for them,\" Anna said.Asking people to join his fight for Jan Lokpal, Anna said the government has brought a bill in diluted form, which will not be able to check corruption. \"We have to fight for a proper Jan Lokpal. It will end at least 65 per cent of corruption,\" he said.Anna said the fight has to continue beyond Jan Lokpal. \"Besides, Jan Lokpal, we have to fight for right to reject, right to recall and Swaraj,\" he reminded people. \"If such a thing happens, 95 per cent of corruption will end,\" he said while asking volunteers to spread the message to the grassroots level. Anna said at least 10 to 15 years of sustained movement is needed to bring the desirable change in the country. \"Be ready to go to jails if needed in the interest of the country,\" he said.Anna also spoke about \"contradictory\" situation in education sector. \"The government is talking about right to education. However, cost of education is becoming prohibitive,\" he said. Stating that farmers were being exploited in the country, Anna said they must get their due rights. Anna is scheduled to address a farmers rally in Jagatsinghpur town on Friday. It is being perceived that anti-displacement movement will get a boost with Anna addressing the rally there. Several affected farmers in Jagatsinghpur district are fighting against the proposed 12-million-tonne integrated steel plant project by Posco .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17422223", "title": "RTO raids in Trichy, cases against 22 school vans, autos", "text": "TRICHY: In surprise raids by officials of regional transport offices in the district, 12 vehicles were impounded and 22 cases registered against school vans that flouted traffic rules here on Thursday evening.Three teams of RTO officials raided three private schools in Trichy city, Tiruverumbur and Srirangam and verified the documents of vehicles such as autorickshaws and school vans.During the inspections, the officials found that 12 vehicles did not possess documents for permit, licences, and taxes. Likewise, 22 vehicles violated traffic rules by overloading children.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422295", "title": "Special cell to be set up to trace missing persons", "text": "PUNE: Taking serious note of the rise in number of missing persons complaints in the state, director general of police (DGP) Sanjeev Dayal has issued orders that special cells be created at all crime branches in the state to investigate these cases on a priority basis.Accordingly, the Pune police have started a special cell in coordination with the social security cell of the crime branch. Senior police inspector Bhanupratap Barge, in charge of the social security cell, has been given charge of this special cell as well.A senior police officer from the Pune crime branch told TOI that the DGP had stated that the response of the police to missing persons complaints was a matter of concern. There are also allegations saying the police do not attach merit to solving cases related to missing persons, the DGP's order said.As per the orders issued by Dayal, this special cell has to collect and collate all data of missing persons in its jurisdiction. \"The cell will analyse the data and investigate these complaints,\" the officer said.He added that Dayal had ordered the police to conduct special drives to search for missing persons. \"He asked that a separate register be maintained to record cases of missing persons and how many of them had been traced by the police,\" the police officer said.The order specifically mentions that complaints related to missing persons below the age of 12 years should be investigated by an official of the level of police sub-inspector. \"If there are more such cases in the jurisdiction of an officer, then an assistant inspector or officer of the level of an inspector should investigate those cases,\" the order says.The police officer said that the formation of the cell would help curb human trafficking of children in the state.Dayal has also asked officials to discuss the issue of missing persons during regular crime meetings. \"He has asked officials to communicate the data of missing children regularly to the National Centre of Missing Children,\" the officer said. When contacted, inspector Bhanupratap Barge confirmed that the missing persons cell had indeed been formed.He said that during 2012, about 3,193 men, women and children were reported missing from the city. \"Of them, only 1,757 were traced,\" Barge said. \"The special cell for missing persons have started working on these complaints,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421349", "title": "Tribunal settles temple dispute", "text": "MUMBAI: An arbitration tribunal overseeing a dispute over the exploitation of IPTV and mobile rights of Siddhivinayak temple has directed the claimant company, Vistaas Digital Media, not to offer the M-Prasad ( mobile prasad) scheme.Three retired judges of the HC directed Vistaas Digital Media to not travel beyond the scope of the original agreement of March 2009. The firm has been asked to stop transmission by or from January 1, 2013, and remove its equipment from the temple by January 10.Despite the court order, K Dhaduk, consultant for Vistaas, said he would consider seeking reinstatement for the time lost since their services were discontinued in September.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17422985", "title": "Temperature unchanged, but rain makes Ludhiana feel the chill", "text": "LUDHIANA: With drizzle in the early hours of Thursday, the city woke up to the first chilly winter morning. As the day remained mostly cloudy, the winter collections of many came out in entirety.However, according to the Chandigarh meteorological department, the minimum temperature on Thursday was 2.7 degrees celsius higher than Wednesday's minimum temperature of 7.1 degrees C. The maximum temperature continued to be the same at 25.3 degrees C. Residents felt the chill because of the cloudy weather and chilly winds. Similar drizzle of two to four millimeters is expected in the next few days, which would bring a dip in the temperature, said the officials from the Met department.Those who like winter, particularly youngsters, welcomed the cold day stepping out in their best warm clothing. \"I love winters and Thursday morning was the first chilly one this season. I wore my short coat, woollen accessories and enjoyed the day with friends,\" said Model Town resident Sanpreet Dhillon.Nidhi, a student from Lajpat Nagar, said, \"I prefer winter to summer as we do not have any option in summer but to be locked in an air-conditioned room. During winter season, we can dress up in warm clothes and enjoy the weather outdoors.\"The late arrival of the winter is not much of a concern as people are gearing up for much colder days to come. Chandigarh Road resident Priyanka said, \"I had been waiting to wear my warm boots, but it hadn't been so cold till now. I have taken out all my bright jackets as well. I hope the temperature dips in the coming days, so that we can enjoy foggy and misty mornings.\"While the girls are looking forward to the winter fashion, the guys are concerned about building up body mass by eating rich food. \"I will work harder at the gym to gain more body mass in winters. I ate \"gobi parantha\" in the morning and enjoyed a barbecue in the evening,\" said Wickram, a businessman from Rajguru Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424361", "title": "Tagore special train misses city disappointing residents", "text": "COIMBATORE: While the residents in Chennai and Madurai were lucky to have a glimpse of Sanskriti Express, an exhibition special train launched to celebrate the 150th birth anniversary of Rabindranath Tagore; Coimbatore residents were left out from the special train's itinerary. The train that has now entered Kerala consists of five coaches that exhibit photographs and write-ups on the life and works of Tagore.\"As the train has been launched to mark the birth anniversary celebration of Tagore, it should have had a stop in Coimbatore as well, with which Tagore enjoyed a sentimental relationship,'' said city historian, C R Ilangovan. According to him, Tagore's visit to the city in 1923 was the most memorable one. \"Tagore visited Sarvajana School in Peelamedu sang Jana Gana Mana with the students there. He also visited the house of R K Shamnugham Chettiyar, who became union finance minister later,'' he said.\"When the special train on Vivekananda reached here, it was visited by more than 10,000 people. Sanskriti Express too would have been received well by the residents here as it is a special train on Tagore,'' says R Raveendran, Residents Awareness Association of Coimbatore (RAAC). Raveendran has written a letter to the southern railways requesting them to allow the train to visit the city.Sanskriti Express began its journey from howrah in May 2010. After covering parts of country and Bangladesh, the train will arrive at Pragati Maidan in Delhi on March 12. It will then move to Haridwar and Rishikesh and end its journey at Bolpur in West Bengal on April 29.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421320", "title": "5 more cabbies, 7 auto drivers booked for not fixing e-meters", "text": "MUMBAI: The RTO continued its crackdown on Thursday as it booked five more taxi drivers in the island city and seven auto drivers in the suburbs for failing to recalibrate e-meters. With this, the total number of cabbies booked has risen to 21 and auto -rickshaw drivers to 12.Those caught with meters not recalibrated were slapped with a fine of Rs 600. Their permits are likely to be suspended for seven days. They have been asked to get the new chips installed with the revised fare readings (Rs 15 minimum fare for autos and Rs 19 for taxis) at the earliest. RTO officials will also continue checking cabs and autos during the weekend and impose fines on those who are delaying the recalibration process, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422585", "title": "To date, no proven health issue over mobile use, but studies differ", "text": "JAIPUR: Mobile or cellular phones are now an integral part of modern telecommunications. In many countries, over half the population use mobile phones and the market is growing rapidly. Mobile phone use is ubiquitous with an estimated 4.6 billion subscriptions globally.\"A large number of studies have been performed over the last two decades to assess whether mobile phones pose a potential health risk. To date, no adverse health effects have been established as being caused by mobile phone use,\" says a WHO study titled 'Electromagnetic fields and public health: mobile phones.'However, among the short term effects on mobile usage, the WHO says: \"Among the short-term effects, tissue heating is the principal mechanism of interaction between radiofrequency energy and the human body. At the frequencies used by mobile phones, most of the energy is absorbed by the skin and other superficial tissues, resulting in negligible temperature rise in the brain or any other organs of the body.\"A number of studies have investigated the effects of radiofrequency fields on brain electrical activity, cognitive function, sleep, heart rate and blood pressure in volunteers. To date, research does not suggest any consistent evidence of adverse health effects from exposure to radiofrequency fields at levels below those that cause tissue heating. Further, research has not been able to provide support for a causal relationship between exposure to electromagnetic fields and self-reported symptoms, or \"electromagnetic hypersensitivity\".But among the long term effects, \"Epidemiological research examining potential long-term risks from radiofrequency exposure has mostly looked for an association between brain tumors and mobile phone use. However, because many cancers are not detectable until many years after the interactions that led to the tumor, and since mobile phones were not widely used until the early 1990s, epidemiological studies at present can only assess those cancers that become evident within shorter time periods.\" However, results of animal studies consistently show no increased cancer risk for long-term exposure to radiofrequency fields.Several large multinational epidemiological studies have been completed or are ongoing, including case-control studies and prospective cohort studies examining a number of health endpoints in adults. The largest retrospective case - control study to date on adults, interphone, coordinated by the International Agency for Research on Cancer (IARC), was designed to determine whether there are links between use of mobile phones and head and neck cancers in adults. The international pooled analysis of data gathered from 13 participating countries found no increased risk of glioma or meningioma with mobile phone use of more than 10 years. There are some indications of an increased risk of glioma for those who reported the highest 10% of cumulative hours of cell phone use, although there was no consistent trend of increasing risk with greater duration of use. The researchers concluded that biases and errors limit the strength of these conclusions and prevent a causal interpretation. Based largely on these data, IARC has classified radiofrequency electromagnetic fields as possibly carcinogenic to humans (Group 2B), a category used when a causal association is considered credible, but when chance, bias or confounding cannot be ruled out with reasonable confidence, reads the WHO report.In another study, 'Mobile Phone Towers: Are They Threatening Your Health', \"Dr Neil Cherry, who is no more, but a leading New Zealand biophysicist and electromagnetic radiation meta-analyst, reviewed more than 600 studies worldwide. His findings were in direct conflict with those of the telecommunication industry. He found conclusively that EMR electro-magnetic radiation caused serious non-thermal effects as DNA breakages, chromosome abnormalities, altered brain activities and increased oncogene (cancer gene) activity. The biological changes greatly increased the cancer rates.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17420961", "title": "Final tender for supply of tablet PCs, laptops to be awarded by UP govt on January 7", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17422991", "title": "Taking a new flight path", "text": "LUDHIANA: Delay and cancellation of flights may no longer harass you. For, Air India authorities have changed the days as well as the timings of flights to and from the airport. The new flight schedule will be implemented from Tuesday.The Air India manager at Sahnewal airport, Amrik Singh, said, \"According to the new schedule, flights will be available here for three days \u00e2\u20ac\u201d Tuesday, Thursday and Saturday. Timings of flights have also been changed.\"\"The new schedule will be implemented from December 4 to December 31. Earlier, the flights were getting delayed because a flight coming from Delhi to Ludhiana would first go to Allahabad, return to Delhi and then take off for the city. And most of the times, unfavourable weather at Allahabad delayed its arrival here... sometimes, it was even cancelled. The changed schedule will ensure a direct flight between the capital and the city,\" he added. Air India is the sole airline operator here. Sahnewal airport manager V P Jain said, \"The changed timings and days will regulate the air services.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423146", "title": "Eco-friendly disposal of debris, carcasses soon", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The city may finally get much-awaited eco-friendly systems for disposal of construction debris and animal carcasses. The Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation has invited bids for the two projects, which will require investment to the tune of Rs 500 crore, to be executed under the public-private partnership model.\"Private operators will invest in the project,\" said a senior official at the state urban development department.Almost 3,500 metric tonnes (MT) of solid waste is generated from Ahmedabad on a daily basis, including 300 MT of construction and demolition debris.Slaughterhouses in the city generate animal carcass waste of around 15 to 25 metric tonnes every day. At present, the waste is managed by the solid waste management department. However the present methods are not eco-friendly and generate lot of waste even after primary processing.Currently, nearly 61% of accumulated waste is collected from municipal bins and street sweeping. Over 12,500 workers are employed by AMC to sweep Ahmedabad's streets. The city is witnessing a major construction boom as well as a steady population increase.AMC has taken up the goal of a 'Clean and Green Ahmedabad' with an effective Solid Waste Management (SWM) department, which is in charge of all functions concerned with municipal waste collection, transportation, treatment and disposal. As part of its Annual Budget 2012-13, AMC has allocated funding of Rs 213 crore towards further development of SWM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17422536", "title": "Ex-teacher gets Rio+20 assignment", "text": "MAPUSA: Shirish Divkar, a Mapusa-based retired school teacher, has been appointed the chief co-coordinator for Goa for Rio+20 by the Indian Astrobiology Research Centre (IARC), Mumbai. The IARC spearheads the Rio+20 India programme in Mumbai.Listed on the United Nations Conference on Sustainable Development (UNCSD), the Rio+20 India programme consists of a certification programme for schools and workshops for corporates.For institutes it offers a short-term study course, the syllabus of which is created especially for Indian students by Indian and international scholars.The same is aimed at assisting Indian students to get jobs internationally. Participants receive a UN-approved certificate, states IARC.Divkar, a resident of Angod and a former teacher at the Assagao Union High School, Assagao, told TOI, \"I appeal to headmasters and principals of schools and colleges, the heads of parent-teacher associations and NGOs to take this opportunity to encourage our children as they are our future.\"The Rio+20 conference-held in June this year at Rio de Janeiro , Brazil-sees world leaders and participants from governments, the private sector, NGOs and other groups come together to shape how we can reduce poverty, advance social equity and ensure environmental protection to get to the future we want. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422987", "title": "Nagpur University panel okays affiliation to over 100 colleges, courses without discussion", "text": "NAGPUR: Nagpur University's Academic Council (AC) on Thursday cleared proposals of affiliation of over 100 colleges and courses without any discussion. These include ME/MTech courses which were in the eye of the storm for granting illegal admissions to students before getting affiliation from NU. Surprisingly, none of the 90 members made efforts to go through Local Enquiry Committee (LEC) reports of these colleges/courses and cleared them with a voice vote. Even the administration led by NU VC Vilas Sapkal cleared proposals under apparent pressure of members mostly from private college managements, NU officials disclosed.They added that though the marathon meeting lasted for nearly ten hours, the members gave very little time to issues like affiliation of colleges. A majority of these colleges and courses lack even the basic infrastructure, facilities and many of them are operating without even a single regular teacher. Registrar Ashok Gomase confirmed that affiliation to many colleges was cleared but he didn't remember the numbers. He diverted all queries to Board of College and University Development (BCUD) director Arvind Chaudhary who refused to take the calls.Some senior members, who are also principals of renowned colleges, pressured the administration to include names of contributory teachers into LEC when they visit the colleges. The proposal was accepted by the VC which, according to NU officials, is not as per norms. \"On the one hand, UGC and AICTE were stressing on regular teachers for enhancing quality and on the other, NU is giving green signal for colleges to indulge in illegality by showing contributory teachers as full time lecturers,\" an official lamented.Arts, commerce and science fees to be doubledThe AC also okayed a proposal to double the fees of arts, commerce and science courses under apparent pressure of college managements. The proposal will, of course, have to be okayed by the Management Council (MC) too but is expected to sail through as a majority of members represent private colleges, NU officials claimed. The registrar confirmed that the proposal was cleared in AC.However, NU was stopped from raising the exam fees after fierce opposition by pharmacy dean Pramod Yeole. NU administration had demanded doubling of the exam fees by implementing the decision of October 2007 Management Council which was kept in abeyance following large scale protests by the students.Yeole demanded a white paper before the fee hike, citing Rs 60 crore revenue in audit report. He stated that if NU was spending only Rs 15 crore out of this amount on exams, there was no need to hike the fees. NU administration defended the decision stating that they spent remaining amount on renovation of hostels and its 40 departments. After Yeole's protests, however, NU decided to publish a white paper in its next meeting in March.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421241", "title": "UP government plans to set up 58 degree colleges", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government has decided to set up a degree college in each of the 58 unserved blocks in a phased manner in the next three years.Announcing this in the midst of his reply to a question, revenue minister Ambika Chaudhary said that 23 such colleges would be set up during the current financial year, one dozen in the next financial year and the remaining 23 in 2015. With the implementation of this scheme, the need of all the blocks which were so far unserved by degree colleges would be addressed. He said that there are 553 degree colleges. in the state.On the issue related to the government's stand on inclusion of 16 castes of Nishad, Mallaha, Kewat, Bind, Kahar, Rajbhar, Prajapati, Kummhaar, Bhar, Dhimar, Batham, Manjhi, Turha and Gaur in the list of scheduled castes, social welfare minister Awdhesh Prasad said that a committee had been set up to look into the matter. He also said that the matter has also been recommended to the Centre and the decision on the issue is to be taken finally by the Centre.Dissatisfied with his reply, Swami Prasad Maurya accused the government of misleading the people by indulging in cheap popularity. He sought to know the need of setting up a committee to look into the matter, when the government had already taken such a decision with the approval of the Cabinet. The setting up of the committee on the issue, he said was nothing but a mischief to befool the people of these communities, who would neither be able to avail benefits of SC/ST nor that of other backward classes. Maurya later led his party members to stage a noisy walk out from the House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17426570", "title": "MP govt launches first river linking project of the country", "text": "INDORE: A temple of rivers Narmada and Kshipra will be built at orignitaing point of Kshipra river known as Kshipra Tekri at village Ujjaini, about 22 km from Indore. This place will be developed as a pilgrimage centre and will be known as Sangam Sthal (confluence place), announces chief minister of Madhya Pradesh Shivraj Singh Chouhan on the occasion of laying foundation stone for first river linking project of country\u00e2\u20ac\u201dNarmada-Kshipra link project in Ujjain on Thursday.Chief minister said the plan to link rivers and build their network throughout the country was conceptualised by former Prime Minister Atal Bihari Vajpayee and today first river-linking project has taken concrete shape. \"River linkage will lessen perils of floods in the wake of heavy rains and give relieve from problem of drought in case of scanty rainfall in the state,\" Singh said.He added that the first phase of the project will be completed in record time of one year. This project will bring about prosperity in Madhya Pradesh, especially Malwa region, which will get a new lease of life and its residents' lives will undergo a positive change.Former deputy prime minister L K Advani lavished praise on this unique river-link project of Madhya Pradesh government. He said that target to complete first phase of the project within a year is significant. Advani said this days is very important in his life since he got an opportunity to visit emergence of River of Salvage Kshipra. He said that this day is also very important for denizens of Malwa region since their lives are set for revolutionary changes following its completion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424096", "title": "Myriad options make farmhouses residents' choice for weddings", "text": "GURGAON: Out of the three dates considered auspicious this month for wedding, two have already passed and the third on Friday promises to witness a lot of marriages across the city. According to wedding planners, the residents are willing to spend money and prefer to organize marriages in a farmhouse than in the confines of a hotel.\"There are several farmhouses within the city and also on the fringes like MG Road and Pushpanjali Farms on the Dwarka side. Even though Gurgaon has many hotels, the reason why people want to have their wedding in a farmhouse is because it gives them more liberty to host it the way they want, despite the cost difference being substantial. In a good farmhouse the rental itself is around Rs 3 lakh and the decor should cost at least Rs 8 lakh, apart from the caterer which would charge around Rs 1,700 per plate. The advantage of having the wedding in a farmhouse is that people have more options to choose from. They can have their preferred caterer, liquor and ambience. While in hotels they have to compromise somewhere or the other,\" says Ashima Malik of Vivah wedding solutions.\"Also, some people want to have a destination wedding and prefer to host them in some of the five star hotels in Manesar. Most of them though prefer to have a small gathering at such weddings,\" she adds.While there aren't many farmhouses in the new city, there are quite a few on the other side of the highway. The rents here range from Rs 2-3 lakh and some of them do provide the option of theme wedding, but the cost goes up. \"This month 24, 29 and 30 are considered the auspicious dates and there are many wedding scheduled for Friday, even though it is difficult to say the exact number. We are constructing a temporary mahal as the theme as we have got requests from many who want to have the wedding here. The wedding season will stretch up to February next year. The rental is around Rs 5 lakh. We do provide decoration, chairs and guards to man the parking, but the catering is to be done by the client at his cost,\" said an employee at Amit Farm House on Old Delhi-Gurgaon road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17420630", "title": "Give me a chance, I'll make it count: Manoj Tiwary", "text": "MUMBAI: If India don't make it 2-1 at the Eden Gardens and there's a repeat of what happens at Wankhede, there's a possibility of the selectors being forced to take drastic steps. The Board's decision to pick the team only for the third Test in Kolkata was an indication that the players have been put on notice. If any chopping and changing really takes place, one of the beneficiaries could be Manoj Tiwary .The Bengal skipper has been knocking on the doors for a while now and Tiwary, who averages almost 59 in First Class cricket, with 17 hundreds, is eager to make his Test debut. \"I am hopeful of getting an opportunity in the England series. I scored 93 against England in the practice game at Mumbai and my confidence is high. If I get selected for Nagpur Test, I will make it count,\" Tiwary told TOI on Thursday.Bengal will take on Mumbai in their Ranji Group A fixture here and Tiwary, who is making a comeback after a wrist injury, is desperate to make the match count. He scored a smashing 191 against Gujarat at the Eden Gardens. But will runs alone help the Bengal skipper to stake his claim?\"If I get the opportunity I will surely score. I scored 93 against England in the first practice game. Had it been a Test match, everyone would have been praising me by now. If the selectors feel that I have the class and if they can back me, like they have backed a few others, then I will definitely perform. If they show the faith in me, the runs are bound to come. They need to show the confidence to back me.\"It took Cheteshwar Pujara five years for his Test debut since he cut his teeth in domestic cricket. As his contemporary and an equally talented batsman, Tiwary is ready to bide his time. His domestic exploits may not have earned him quick rewards, but Tiwary is wiser for the experience.\"In Indian domestic circuit, you have to score big to get noticed. And if you are looking for big runs, you have to be at the crease for long hours and have lots of patience. I have learnt to graft and accumulate runs. I have worked on my technique with our coach (WV) Raman on a daily basis.\"Suresh Raina, Yuvraj Singh and Tiwary were in fray for the No. 6 slot. Yuvraj nudged ahead, but the southpaw appeared to be a nervous starter against the England spinners. Should Yuvraj fail again, either Raina or Tiwary could replace him.The delay for Tiwary's Test debut has partially been attributed to his alleged lack of technique and temperament. Asked if he has done anything to improve them, the Bengal skipper shot back: \"If people think I am technically challenged, I have nothing to do. If they can get the communication correct and show me my mistakes, I can correct my flaws. I average around 59 (58.98 to be precise) in First Class cricket and have scored 17 hundreds. If my well-wishers tell me where to improve, my numbers will only get better. I don't believe that I am technically challenged. I know how to score runs and that's important. Averaging 59 in first class cricket is not a joke. Even the current players, except one or two, don't have such numbers in the four-day format.\"Even though he would miss the services of his strike bowler, Tiwary hoped Ashok Dinda will make his Test debut in Kolkata. \"It would be a memorable moment for Dinda if he is picked. He knows the conditions at the Eden Gardens. The crowd will back him to the hilt,\" Tiwary said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "vasco", "code": "17422606", "title": "Kolkata man arrested in Cansaulim murder", "text": "VASCO: Verna police on Friday arrested Ashish Adhikari, 28, a native of Kolkata in connection with the murder of Vijaylaxmi Chawan, 20, whose body was found six days ago at Uddi-Cansaulim.DySP Lawrence D'Souza said that the accused told police that Chawan had persistently demanded money from him, and in a fit of rage, he killed the woman, a native of Karnataka.After the altercation, she was strangulated with her dupatta. Adhikari claimed that when Chawan was trying to \"extort\" money, he had no cash with him. Her body was found in the bushes in Uddi on November 23, a day after the murder. He also stressed that he had no physical relationship with the woman.The autopsy also confirmed that there were no traces of sexual assault on Chawan's body. She worked at Verna industrial estate as a daily wage worker while the accused worked on a fishing boat at Bogmalo.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425421", "title": "Priyanka Chopra is inspiring as singer: Zeenat Aman", "text": "Yesteryears' glamorous actress Zeenat Aman says all the current breed of Bollywood actresses are multi-faceted, especially Priyanka Chopra for her \"inspiring\" singing talent.\"All the girls today in the industry are multi-faceted and multi-talented. They are doing everything with confidence. Each one has their own style statement.\"\"Having said that, I really like Priyanka Chopra. I think she is very contemporary... especially the singer in her is very inspiring for young stars,\" Zeenat, 61, told IANS.Zeenat was in Goa to participate in a fashion event. She took the runway for fashion designer Riyaz Gangji . Also, actors Bhoop Yaduvanshi and Madhurima Tuli - lead pair from upcoming movie Cigarette Ki Tarah - walked the ramp for the designer.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ariyalur", "code": "17422241", "title": "Woman held for abducting 2-month-old", "text": "ARIYALUR: In a shocking incident, a 29-year-old woman was chased down by the public and police during her attempt to abduct a two-month-old child from Jayankondam government hospital in Ariyalur district here on Thursday.A certain Karpaga Selvi, 29, from Azhisigudi in Buvangiri taluk in Cuddalore district is the accused and was arrested by the Jayankondam police for trying to abduct a two-month-old boy named K Santhosh. The incident that took place around 11 am on Thursday sparked tension in Jayankondam government hospital.The police said a 27-year-old Alamelu from RS Mathur in Ariyalur district was admitted to the hospital on Thursday for family planning surgery. Alamelu gave birth to a male child two months ago. Her mother Selvi, 42, accompanied her to the hospital and brought the two-month-old child Santhosh here. When Selvi was waiting outside the ward until the operation was over, Karpaga Selvi broke the ice with Selvi.Unaware of the motives of the woman, Selvi struck a conversation with her. Meanwhile, the operation ended and Alamelu was shifted to a ward. But she was unconscious for a long time. At this juncture, Selvi left the baby with Alamelu and went outside. Utilizing the opportunity, Karpaga Selvi took the baby and tried to escape. Fortunately, the other people noticed the woman and questioned her. Suddenly, Karpaga Selvi left the baby on the bed and fled the scene. But the people chased her. The Jayankondam police also rushed to the spot on being informed. Eventually, she was chased down and arrested.An inspector of police from Jayankondam said, \"It was the first-time in the hospital that such an attempt to abduct a child took place. The accused was separated from her husband Mathivanan for a long time. During the initial investigation, she did not disclose details about her motives and the persons behind the scene. She has been remanded in judicial custody and lodged in Trichy women's prison.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17427741", "title": "FM presents supplementary budget", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Finance minister Prasanna Acharya on Thursday presented the state government's first supplementary budget worth Rs 3,932.41 crore for 2012-13, keeping an obvious eye on the next elections slated in 2014. This would be in excess to the original budget estimate of Rs 52,030.70 crore.Acharya, who presented a state budget for the maiden occasion after succeeding Prafulla Ghadai as the FM in August, said emphasis has been laid on agriculture, irrigation, infrastructure development, social security, education and social development. \"We have prepared the supplementary budget with a view on the government's achievements and targets,\" he said.On the Plan side, the government aims to spend Rs 2677.21 crore, over and above the Rs 17,200 crore, including Rs 2000 crore for public sector undertakings, budgeted in the original provision. This would include about Rs 490 crore in the agriculture and cooperation departments. On the non-plan account, an additional Rs 577.45 crore is being planned to be expended.Among other highlights is the inclusion of one lakh additional beneficiaries of urban areas under the Madhubabu Pension Yojana. The government, official sources said, could have been motivated to increase the number of beneficiaries under the scheme as the urban local body elections are scheduled next year. The government had made apparent its preparation for the municipal polls in the annual budget presented on February 24 by announcing creation of Odisha Urban Infrastructure Development Fund and provided Rs 21 crore to it. It has also allocated Rs 269 crore for maintenance and repair of water supply and sanitation and Rs 20 crore under Biju Saharanchal Vidyutikaran Yojana.Secretary, finance, Jugal Mohapatra said some departments had been allocated money in excess of their requirement in the original budget and they would surrender it to fund additional expenditure envisaged in the supplementary budget. While Rs 1087 crore is expected to be surrendered on the non-plan side, it could touch Rs 1079 crore on the plan account, he informed, adding, an additional Rs 575 crore is expected to be gained from different 'tied up resources' like Nabard's Rural Infrastructure Development Fund (RIDF). The balance would be met from central plan and centrally sponsored plan, he said.Leader of opposition Bhupinder Singh flayed the government's supplementary budget. \"It is not able to spend whatever was originally allocated this fiscal, but is now going for a supplementary just to mislead the people,\" he added.Official sources said compared to the government's first supplementary budget worth Rs 4724 crore in 2011-12, this year's supplementary was much less. The expenditure this year has been \"satisfactory\", sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428106", "title": "Working with Mira a dream come true: Shimit Amin", "text": "\"Chak De\" director Shimit Amin says working with Mira Nair as an editor on her much anticipated movie \" The Reluctant Fundamentalist\" was a dream come true and an honour.Shimit, who started his career as an editor with the movie \"Bhoot\" in 2003, has also directed films like \"Ab Tak Chhappan\" and \"Rocket Singh: Salesman of the Year\".\"It is an honour to work with Mira. She is a wonderful director and I always wanted to work with her. I was flattered when she offered me to do the movie and felt it was the right moment to take up the project,\" Amin said on the sidelines of a film festival.The movie is based on the novel by the same name by Mohsin Hamid and stars Riz Ahmed, Kate Hudson , Liev Schreiber , Kiefer Sutherland , Om Puri and Shabana Azmi .Amin says editing the movie was a long and complicated process and took a year to complete. \"The movie is so global and shot in so many places like Lahore, Istanbul, Delhi, America that editing the film was a complex procedure. It took a year to complete the editing,\" said Amin.The film is being screened at the closing of IFFI in its Asian premiere after touring festivals in London, Toronto, Doha and Venice. It will be released world wide on April 26.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17425164", "title": "MSMEs should harness power of IT", "text": "MANGALORE: Micro, Small and medium enterprises (MSMEs) should change with times and adopt information technology to keep pace with global demands, said Ajai Kumar, chairman and managing director, Corporation Bank .With SME sector estimated to grow by 5%, the move by the sector to harness power of IT will enable them to reap rich dividends.Inaugurating a conclave of Micro, Small and Medium Enterprises titled \"Building capacities for sustainable growth\" organized by Assocham here on Thursday, Ajai said the fact that MSMEs overall are doing well in current economic scenario is heartening. \"The sector is a breeding ground for entrepreneurship and one look at Tirupur, known for its knit wear exports of over Rs 20,000 crore will give an idea about the potential of this sector,\" he said.He called for forging stronger tie-ups between banks and industry associations working for the growth of SMEs. Responding to concerns raised by several small entrepreneurs, he advised them not to lose faith in the banking system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "la qunita", "code": "17426280", "title": "Atwal cards flawless 64, moves to 31st in PGA Tour Q-School", "text": "LA QUNITA: Indian golfer Arjun Atwal sparkled with a flawless eight-under 64 at the Nicklaus Tournament Course for a share of the 31st spot after the second round of the PGA Tour Qualifying School.Atwal, a former winner on the PGA Tour, vaulted from a lowly 150th to tied 31st at six-under 138 at the end of the second round of the gruelling six-round qualifiers.Meanwhile, Daniel Chopra , 20th overnight, added a 66 at Nicklaus Course to his first round 68 at the Stadium Course, and moved to tied fifth after two rounds at 10-under 134.Bhavik Patel, an American of Indian origin, shot 69 and is now tied 39th at five-under 139.The leader after two rounds is a 20-year-old Korean, Meen Whee Kim (68-63). Kim shot nine-under 63 at the TPC and is at 13-under 131.Kim is followed by Vaughn Taylor (68-64) and in tied third place is overnight leader Steve Lebrun (64-69) and Richard lee (66-67).Atwal, who struggled to a two-over 74 on the first day made no errors on the second. He birdied the second, fourth sixth and then eagled the seventh to turn in five-under.Birdies on 10th and 11th put him at seven-under with seven to play. But he managed only one more birdie after that at 16th, but more importantly did not drop any bogeys.Kim, a great fan of Tiger Woods , tied the course record at PGA West's Stadium Course with a nine-under 63 to take a one-shot lead through two rounds of Q-school, where the top 25 players (and ties) will receive Tour cards for next season.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422627", "title": "Kejriwal\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s party slams Delhi govt on EWS quota", "text": "NEW DELHI: Arvind Kejriwal's Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) on Thursday came down heavily on the Delhi government over the issue of reservation for poor students in the city's private schools operating on land provided by the state administration. Calling the proposal to give 15% reservation to poor students from Class II -XII a betrayal of the city's poor, the party demanded that the quota be increased to 20% as proposed earlier.Gopal Rai, the spokesperson for AAP, alleged that the Delhi government has \"cleverly\" chalked out a plan in benefit of private schools.\"They initially came up with a provision of 20% seats for poor people in private schools for whom government had provided land at concession rates. But now by lowering the limit to 15%, they are favouring private schools,\" he said.Rai said, \"AAP will take up the issue along with other agendas of the party like rising prices and corruption in the coming days.\"AAP cited a notice dated January 25, 2007, where Delhi government had ordered all the 394 private recognized schools in Delhi that have been allotted land at concessional rates by government agencies to reserve 20% seats for students from economically weaker sections (EWS).However, they alleged, according to the new proposal, which will be presented before the Delhi high court, the quota will be applicable to admissions made from class II-XII, but limited to only 15%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "17422756", "title": "Briton robs woman at knifepoint in Mapusa", "text": "MAPUSA: British national Lloyd Christian McMillan, 42, has been booked for looting a woman of Rs 1 lakh at Mapusa on Thursday afternoon.According to Police, McMillan was at a money transfer agency located at Mapusa market where another customer had withdrawn Rs 1 lakh. McMillan allegedly looted the women at knifepoint and left with the cash.Police sources said McMillan was a regular visitor of the money transfer agency as his mother used to send him cash. The transfers had stopped recently.As McMillan was familiar to staff at the money transfer agency, they were able to identify him at the time of filing the complaint. Police are looking out for McMillan and further investigations are in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17426430", "title": "Indian-origin woman dies of rabies in Britain", "text": "LONDON: A 58-year-old woman of Indian origin, who was bitten by her son's pet dog when she was visiting him in India in March, has died of rabies infection in Britain.Sharanjit Ubhi went to Darent Valley Hospital, Kent, complaining of pain in her right arm, but she was turned away, the Daily Mail reported.Ubhi had not mentioned being bitten by a dog and her observations appeared \"normal\", but when she developed hydrophobia the family doctor recognised the symptoms and sent her for specialist treatment.However, it was too late and she became the first person in Britain in seven years to die from rabies.An inquest ruled that Ubhi died of brain and heart failure as a result of rabies infection.The woman sustained a minor injury to her arm in March 2012 while playing with a puppy, and died in May.Speaking at her inquest, her family said the bite was so small she did not think of getting herself checked out by a doctor at the time.It was only when she suffered three days of pain in her arm while at home in Dartford, Kent, that she sought help from doctors.A hospital spokesman offered condolences to the family and friends of the woman.\"If a patient does present at hospital with vague symptoms a doctor is unlikely to consider rabies as a diagnosis unless the patient highlights animal contact in an at-risk country. The hospital responded to the information supplied by the patient at the time,\" the spokesman said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422558", "title": "We recommended quota within 50%, says Justice Israni", "text": "JAIPUR: A day after the state cabinet cleared 5% quota for Gujjars under special backward classes (SBC), thus taking the reservation limit above 50%, Justice IS Israni said that he did not recommended the reservation above 50%.Addressing a press conference at his office, Justice Israni on Thursday said: \"Whatever we have recommended is being sent to the state government, but we have not recommended reservation that exceeds the reservation limit of 50%.\"\"It is the discretion of the state government as the Supreme Court in Indira Sawhney case had said that under extraordinary circumstances reservation limit can exceed above 50%,\" he added.Late on Wednesday night the state cabinet cleared 5% quota in government jobs for Gujjars under the Special Backward Classes (SBC) category after adding Gadaria/Gadri as the fifth community to this group.This would be outside the existing 21% quota for the OBCs, thereby taking the total job reservation for different socially backward communities in the state to 54% from the current 49%.The government would soon issue a notification in this regard to implement the Gujjar quota two months thereafter. A separate quota demand for the economically poor would be referred to the Rajasthan State Economically Backward Classes Commission, to be reconstituted shortly.\"My job was to collect a quantified data and other facts and to find out if Gujjars can be given 5% reservation under SBC. I have asked the state government to give it within the 50% limit. Now, I can't say if that is challengeable or not.\"On the other hand, Israni also said, \"Supreme court in its Indira Sawhney Vs Union of India, 1992 case had said that the reservations contemplated in clause (4) of Article 16 should not exceed 50%. However, its para 810 says that while 50% shall be the rule, it is necessary not to put out of consideration certain extraordinary situations.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421403", "title": "October exams: Maharashtra HSC success rate 19%, SSC 14.61%", "text": "MUMBAI: Results for the October exam session (SSC and HSC) were announced on Thursday. The overall HSC result stood at 19.03%, only 14.61% of the students who appeared for the SSC exam passed this year.\"It is disheartening to see such poor scores during the October examination. Students just don't work hard enough to pass the examinations,\" said a senior official from the state board.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423196", "title": "Now, college students can intern with IIT and IIM profs", "text": "AHMEDABAD: If you thought that only a chosen few had the privilege of learning from distinguished professors at the Indian Institutes of Management (IIMs) or Indian Institutes of Technology (IITs), there is good news. Two premier institutes based in Gujarat-IIT Gandhinagar (IIT-Gn) and IIM Ahmedabad (IIM-A) are now giving students across the country an opportunity to work with their faculty members, who are reputed for their exceptional calibre in research.IIT-Gn has begun offering a summer internship research programme, where about 35 students from other colleges will get to work with an IIT-Gn faculty during the course of their internship.Narain Pindoriya, faculty-in-charge for the programme, said, \"We used to send our students abroad and to the industry for internships. So, we thought of offering a good opportunity to students interested in research to explore the excellent laboratory at IIT-Gn along with the expertise of the faculty. In future, if we have a good collaboration with the industry, these students can also benefit from campus and industry internship.\"The programme strives to bring together engineering and non-engineering students from prominent institutions across the country on the IIT-Gn campus. It will allow the interns to participate in on-going research projects and undergo mentorship by IIT faculty.Like most internships, students will be offered a stipend and accommodation on campus. Summer Research Internships for the summer of 2013 will be announced in January or February 2013, when interested students will be expected to identify and contact an IIT-Gn faculty, whose research interests them.Similarly, Centre For Innovation, Incubation &amp; entrepreneurship (CIIE) at IIM-A will conduct a pilot test in offering students from various colleges an opportunity to be mentored by IIM-A faculty for rural projects. Students from good colleges, mainly based in Ahmedabad, will be offered a six month internship, where they will be assigned six rural districts in Gujarat for study. The students will be guided by IIM-A faculty and will also get to meet angel investors and venture capitalists during the project.Shashank Rastogi, director-operations at CIIE, said, \"CIIE has a large base of rural entrepreneurs and we are largely an urban organisation. The internship will be our attempt to create inroads into rural India and create relationships that CIIE and its social entrepreneurs can leverage.The interns get a good opportunity to explore ground realities and also work under the mentorship of a premier business school.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422791", "title": "Man held for raping four-year-old raped", "text": "NAGPUR: A 25-year-old man was arrested by Hudkeshwar police on Thursday for allegedly raping a four-year-old neighbour on November 20 at Attadeep Nagar on Manewada Road.Police said Pawan Uikey, a mason by profession, was resting when the victim Khushboo (name changed) playfully went to lie down beside him. Khushboo would call Uikey 'mama' and play with him too. The family was stunned after the incident came to fore.Khushboo was taken to a clinic after she started complaining of pain in private parts. The doctor discovered injuries in private parts following which parents approached the police.Sensing trouble, Uikey sneaked away to Seoni in Madhya Pradesh from where the cops brought him here and put under arrest.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421423", "title": "It was green all the way at international organic trade fair", "text": "BANGALORE: Organic products aren't just about food. They are also about clothes, cosmetics, crops and much more. This is what BioFach India 2012 showcased on Thursday, day one of the fourth edition of the international organic trade fair at Palace Grounds.Organic clothing in the form of tees, shirts and sweaters were on display. \"With a lot of people going green, organic clothing is picking up big time. We have garments for men and women. Organic clothing is an important aspect of going green, which is not talked about a lot,'' said Rajat Misra, VP (marketing), UV&W; Organic Cotton Clothing.\"There has been an increase in the demand for organic clothes. When we launched the store in 2008, we had few customers. But now, people are looking for more range in products,\" said Arati Nagaraja, managing director of an organic clothing store in Bangalore.Despite it being a weekday, hundreds were seen flocking to the three-day BioFach fair, where 141 stalls flaunted green products. Apart from Karnataka, 13 other states are taking part in the fair and each has come up with all possible organic products that one can think of.From the green spices of Kerala to an organic pollination stall put up by Tamil Nadu, silk textile stall by Jharkhand and organic tea from Assam, there was everything for everyone. Among foreign countries, Germany had a sizeable presence at the fair with as many as 16 stalls of organic products.Organized by the government of Karnataka in association with International Competence Centre for Organic Agriculture (ICCOA), the fair is expected to be a good platform for farmers. \"Farmers will benefit as the state governments are offering subsidies for them to participate in the fair,\" said Manoj K Menon, executive director, ICCOA.Menon pointed to the growing awareness about the fair over the years. \"When we started it, way back in 2005, only 4,20,000 hectare of land in the country was under certified organic faming. Today, that number has gone up to 10,90,000 hectare. When it comes to cities that promote organic products, none can match Bangalore. The city alone has as many as 68 stores with different organic products,\" said Menon.Organic capitalChief minister Jagadish Shettar said the government is committed to making Bangalore the 'Organic Capital of Asia'. \"The state has conducive environment for achieving this status. It has also got rich bio-diversity to support the cause. In order to achieve this, the state has already come out with its organic policy and also set up organic farming mission,\" he said.USEFUL TIPS\"I am from Belgaum and am into organic fruit farming. I am visiting the fair for the first time and it was a valuable experience. There are many stalls here from where I got information on different aspects of organic farming. I will use these tips once I get back home.M Shivanna, farmerLESSONS ON WASTEBBMP had put up a stall that showcased the process of waste management. Operated by members of solid waste management round table, the stall attracted many visitors. \"I have been segregating waste but was unsure of which category plant leaves and some of the kitchen waste belonged to. The stall is very informative. For instance, I did not know that while disposing biomedical waste, I need to put a red cross mark on the packet,\" said Rohini Agarwal, a visitor at the fair.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421167", "title": "Youth arrested for killing lover, wanted to hide affair from wife", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 22-year-old beautician was allegedly murdered by her married lover in west Delhi over a financial dispute.Om Dutt (23) packed Rina's body in his father's Maruti 800 and tried to dispose it. However, alert beat constables nabbed the accused on the spot.A case of murder has been registered with the Uttam Nagar police. The incident came to light about 12.30 am on Thursday morning.According to police, the accused, who lived in Om Vihar Phase-I, is a sanitary items supplier and has been married for one-and-a-half years. He met Rina on his daily round of visits to Uttam Nagar shops about eight months ago. The two developed an illicit relationship.\"Rina's father passed away a few days ago. Although she had two adult brothers to care for her and a part-time job, she began demanding more money from Om who was finding it increasingly difficult to provide for both families. She also wanted Om to marry him,\" said an investigating officer.Additional Commissioner of Police (West) V Renganathan said the duo met again on Wednesday night near Rina's residence at Arjun Vihar and got involved in another argument.\"Om strangled Rina. He loaded her body in his father's Maruti and drove to a spot close to Nawada Metro station. He then began to pull Rina's body out in order to dispose it when a beat constable noticed him and caught him red-handed. A nonplussed Om initially tried to mislead police but later confessed his crime,\" Renganathan said.Upon questioning, Om revealed he belonged to a joint family with his uncles and cousins residing nearby. He said that as his wife was with her in-laws he had decided to call Rina over and settle matters. Tempers flared and the murder was committed in spur of the moment, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17293658", "title": "Delhi reacts to girls' arrest for FB post", "text": "Delhiites react to the treatment meted out to two girls for posting a comment on Facebook, an act that was considered as 'sending offensive messages through a communication service' by the govt.Many are outraged over the arrest of the two Mumbai girls over a Facebook post protesting the complete shutdown of Mumbai after Bal Thackeray's death. Groups have been created online that are extending their support to Shaheen Dhada and her friend Rini Srinivasan who were charged for \"promoting enmity between classes\" and \"sending offensive messages through a communication service\". After the arrest, and subsequent bail, Shaheen apologized in the hope that this will bring an end to her traumatic experience.Here's what Delhiites have to say.There are no fines or arrests for urinating in the public, but you opt for opinionating and arrests happen. This is crazy and simply outrageous. I mean, there is no limit to these things now. Next thing we know, we'll be behind bars for just joking about something in public. - Palak Bhambri, final year student, IP College for WomenThere was a time when we used to worry about hiding our funny posts about teachers from geeks and other teachers. But now, we have to worry about the government. - Karan Taneja, engineering studentThis is unbelievable. Wasn't it about 'What's on my mind' for my friends to know? And for me to discuss with people I want to discuss with? How can someone extend this to such a large extent. Aren't we making a joke out of ourselves in front of the whole world this way? - Sameer Khanna, BPO employeeThey arrested the girls, destroyed the clinic and still, we are the people who are promoting enmity. For the first time in years, my mother is asking me about what I post on Facebook. This incident has created so much fear in everybody's minds. Protests sab nahi karte, but Facebook pe toh sab bolte hain. This brings the question of freedom of expression so much closer to our generation. - Kaveri Tiwari, MBA student", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17422077", "title": "Crime branch probe identifies unlicensed chit fund firms", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Investigation by the economic offence wing (EOW) of the crime branch has identified that many of the chit fund firms operating in the city lack proper registration. The crime branch has already identified five chit fund firms operating in the city without proper licence.The crime branch has submitted a report to the district police chief regarding the presence of illegal financial firms in the city. The report suggested action against the directors of Shilling Chit Funds, Nadakkav; Malabar Chits, Palayam; Nandi Kailasam Chits, Kovur; Blackberry Chits, Puthiyara and Yadukulam Chits, Mankavu.\"According to the Central Chit Funds Act 1982, which came into force in the state on May 1, 2012, no chit fund firm can operate in the state and start new chits without Kerala state registration,\" said SP (EOW) P A Valsan, the investigating officer.All the five chit funds have been operating in the city under the Kerala Chit Funds Act, according to which Kerala state registration was not mandatory for operation in the state.\"Though the new law has come into existence, these firms started new chits violating the law,\" said the officials.\"As these financial institutions have been cheating the investors by making them believe that they had proper registration, legal action under section 420 of the Indian Penal Code would be charged against the accused,\" said the officials.\"The crime branch has handed over the case to district police as the CBCID requires special government order to register cases in the state,\" said Valsan. \"The cases will be further investigated by local police,\" he added.According to officials, the police will take steps to freeze the accounts of chit fund firms which are operating without licence. Station house officers of police stations concerned will also take action against the firms for cheating the investors by making them believe that they had renewed their registration under the Central Chit Funds Act 1982.Meantime, the EOW of CBCID will continue raids in the offices of chit fund firms. \"We raided seven financial institutions till Thursday,\" said the officials. The EOW seized documents from Dhanakodi Chit Funds, Eranjipalam and Maruthi Chits, Nadakkavu also. Report on these firms will be submitted later.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17428417", "title": "Cops swoop down on Maoist camp", "text": "BERHAMPUR: Police on Thursday claimed to have destroyed a Maoist camp inside Badabanga forest within Kandhamal's Daringbadi police limits and seized several items, including explosives. However, no Maoist was nabbed from the camp. This is the first time a Maoist camp was destroyed in Kandhamal district after the encounter at Gajapati's Bhaliagada on November 14.Security forces carried out combing operation over two days suspecting the presence of Maoists led by Sabyasachi Panda. The Maoists had abducted two Italians on March 14 near the destroyed camp, police said.\"We have strong inputs about them hiding in areas along the Ganjam-Kandhamal border after the latest encounter at Bhaliagada. So we conducted the anti-Maoist operation involving around 50 people, including SOG and CRPF jawans. However, no one was nabbed during the operation,\" said a police officer. \"They might have escaped from the area before launching of the operation,\" SP (Kandhamal) J N Pankaj said.Besides the Panda faction, police suspected the presence of Chhattisgarh and Andhra Pradesh cadres in the area. Pankaj said combing operation would be further intensified in the area while the security personnel keep strict vigil on the movements of Red rebels. Police have also alerted field-level officers in vulnerable areas about the presence of the Left-wing ultras.Among the seized items were land mines, around 100 metres of fuse wire, 15-metre rope, kit bags, jerkins, kerosene, torchlights, mugs and glasses. Maoist literatures, ink bottles, marker pens and clothes were also recovered from the camp, a senior police officer said. Cooking materials like rice, dal and oil were destroyed on the spot as these could not be transported from the deep forests, the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422623", "title": "BJP complains to Election Commission against cash transfer scheme", "text": "NEW DELHI: The opposition BJP on Thursday complained to the Election Commission that the announcement of direct cash transfer scheme was a violation of the model code of conduct in view of the assembly elections in Gujarat next month.In its complaint to the EC, BJP's Gujarat state unit said the announcement was a poll code violation as four of the 51 districts in the country selected by the government for direct cash transfer fall in poll-bound Gujarat and demanded the election body's immediate intervention.Gujarat goes to polls in two phases on December 13 and 17 and the model code of conduct is in force in the state.BJP central leaders will meet chief election commissioner V S Sampath on Friday and hand over a copy of their complaint.Sources said, the poll body is assessing the complaint and no action has yet been taken on it.The party asked in what capacity Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi will be overseeing the scheme since he does not hold any government portfolio.Prasad said the BJP will strongly oppose the scheme if it interferes with the existing PDS mechanism in the country, which is working fine for BPL families in many states.Chhattisgarh CM Raman Singh also opposed implementation of the cash transfer, saying it was vulnerable to \"misuse\". In a letter to PM Manmohan Singh, he said any changes in the proposed system should only be done with the state governments' consent.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421076", "title": "CAG pulls up Army for giving up Mumbai plot to private builder", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CAG has criticized the Army and the defence estates authorities for letting a private builder usurp their land at a prime spot in Mumbai, with the office of the then minister of state for defence production Rao Inderjit Singh also playing a role, by issuing \"an irregular no-objection certificate''.The case of the 5,166 square metre land at Kandivli, which was in the possession of Central Ordnance Depot (COD) of Mumbai since 1942, is being probed by the CBI, as reported by TOI earlier. Faced with land scams like Adarsh, Sukna, Malad , Srinagar and Kandivli, MoD has been forced to now specify that station military authorities are no longer allowed to directly issue NoCs to private builders. MoD is one of the country's largest landowners with as much as 17.3 lakh acres under its control.Slamming the local defence authorities, the latest CAG report said that even after \"certain fraudulent activities regarding the land (Kandivli) had come to their notice, COD did not get the land demarcated in its favour from state authorities, which facilitated the usurpation of the land from the Army''.After the private company, M/s Neo Pharma Pvt Ltd (Kalpataru Builders), began developmental work on the land in question in 2007, the COD objected and placed sentries there for protection. \"(But) the company lodged a complaint with the minister (Rao Inderjit Singh), whereby his personal secretary wrote to the then Army chief's secretariat for 'appropriate action','' the CAG said.The file was forwarded by General Deepak Kapoor to the quarter-master general, who later informed the minister's office that the local military authority had been \"instructed to remove all obstructions forthwith and to let the legal owner (the builder) go ahead with its planned development''.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17425880", "title": "Kingfisher pilots threaten to approach DGCA over salary issue", "text": "MUMBAI: Having failed to receive their May salary as assured by the Kingfisher management, the airline pilots have now threatened to approach DGCA if they did not meet the commitment by Friday even as the regulator maintained that the issue is out of its purview.\"We have written to the airline's chief executive that if our salaries are not paid by today we will approach the Director General Civil Aviation to intervene in the issue,\" airline sources said here.The airline has not paid salary to most of its 4,000 employees since May.The pilots' threat comes after the management, which had assured the employees that their three months' salaries, out of the seven months, will be paid in tranches by Diwali.The airline, which is grounded since October 1 after its pilots and engineers went on strike demanding payment of dues, has temporarily lost its flying license.However, the airline managed to convince the employees to end their agitation by assuring them that their three-month dues (March to May) will be remitted in three instalments by Diwali.Subsequently, the agitation was called off on October 24.Meanwhile, a highly-placed DGCA official told PTI, \"Payment of salary is an internal issue which the management and employees will have to sort out among themselves. Our concern is safety and we have already temporarily suspended the airline's flying license on this count.\"The official, however, said that these issues will definitely be taken into consideration when the airline submits its revival plan.\"The employees should approach the appropriate authorities such as labour court or any other such institution to get the issue resolved,\" he added.The airline has been told by the aviation regulator that its license will be revoked only when it submits a comprehensive revival plan and after taking views of all the stakeholders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423154", "title": "Ahmedabad held first Satyagraha 118 years before Bapu's movement", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Mahatma Gandhi's struggle for 'Right against might' through his Satyagrahas and salt march of 1930 have been etched in the annals of world history. However, it is not widely known that the first Satyagraha in India was staged 200 years ago, in December 1812. It was held by the traders of Manekchowk in the walled city, against Maratha oppression.This is not all. Later, the seeds of the first salt satyagraha were sown here when Bapu made Ahmedabad his home in February 1915. This has been recorded in the autobiography of Amdavadi poet Kavi DalpatraIn the Satyagraha of 1812, the traders of Manekchowk protested against unruly behaviour of the tax collectors as well as the high tax rates during the Maratha rule. The traders shut their shops and held peaceful meetings till the rulers agreed that they would improve their behaviour.\"The peaceful protest was so severe that the British resident in Baroda had to rush to Ahmedabad to pacify the situation,\" says city based historian Rizwan Kadri.As for the city's first salt satyagraha, a small group of individuals-philosophers, poets, and commentators had gathered in September 1894 to lead a campaign against the salt tax of the British.The group was led by Dalpatram, who prepared pamphlets on the salt tax, wrote poems that were recited in every pol of Ahmedabad, with the help of the newly formed vernacular society. During this time, Ambalal Sakarlal Desai, who led the Swadeshi movement in the city - much before Bapu arrived on the scene - and set up the state's first 'Swadeshi mill', was also part of the salt campaign. Desai used to secretly fund Bapu's movement in South Africa after he set up the 'Dakshin Africa nu Hindvano madat fund'.Dalpatram's poetry had become a rage then. He wrote a long poem \"Loon, Pani ane Pawan wan mule bapraye, Tevi isha ishwari jota juo janay...,\" which was published in the 'Budhiprakash' journal. \"The campaign was against the salt tax of the British government. This was the first time that Amdavadis showed their collective anger against the tax,\" says Kadri.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17300986", "title": "Cops violated norms, cannot call women to police station at night: Legal Experts", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts and activists have expressed shock at how the cops in Palghar \"displayed lack of sensitivity and violated rules\" when they summoned two young women to the police station at night over an internet comment on Sunday's shutdown.The law, they say, is clear that the cops cannot summon a woman as a witness to the police station. Instead, they are mandatorily required to go to the woman's house to record her statement. Besides, they cannot arrest a woman between sunset and sunrise except under \"exceptional circumstances\".The police arrested Shaheen Dhada (21) for her post on a social networking site protesting against the shutdown in Mumbai following Bal Thackeray's death. They also nabbed her friend Rinu Shrinivasan (20), who had 'liked' the comment. The arrests came after local Shiv Sainiks in Palghar objected to the post. A mob also vandalized a clinic run by Shaheen's uncle.\"The police action shows complete violation of Sections 46(4) and 160 of the Criminal Procedure Code (CrPC), which prohibit cops from arresting a woman between dusk and dawn and calling a woman to a police station to record her statement,\" said lawyer Y P Singh, who is also a former IPS officer.Meanwhile, his wife Abha Singh moved the women's commission seeking action against the police for their \"unlawful action\". Lawyers also said the arrest of the two young women would not stand the test of law in a court, if challenged.Veteran lawyer and activist Flavia Agnes, whose NGO Majlis fights for women's rights, said: \"This was not such a serious offence that it required the police to call the girls at night and later arrest them.\"Another activist and senior faculty member at SNDT Women's University, Vibhuti Patel, said it was \"a sad comment\" that \"despite three decades of interaction, gender sensitization and training workshops conducted for the Maharashtra police by a women's NGO in Pune, the cops seemed to have learnt little\". She said the state public relations department, too, has done much work for 30 years to sensitize cops. Yet, she added, rules are flouted with no fear of the consequences.Women's rights activist Veena Gowda said the online post \"did not reveal any offence or even an intention to commit an offence\".Earlier this year, a division bench of the Bombay high court\u00e2\u20ac\u201dwhile reminding the Mumbai police of their motto (committed to protecting the righteous and controlling &amp; annihilating the evil)\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddirected the state to pay a compensation of Rs 25,000 each to some women who were arrested and detained after sunset in an alleged case of gambling.Recently, the police commissioner submitted a circular to the high court directing cops not to summon women to police stations and asking them to comply with Section 160 of the CrPC.The National Human Rights Commission, too, has issued guidelines directing that women should not to be arrested after sunset and before sunrise or called to a police station to get their statement recorded. Besides, a woman officer has to be present when the police deal with cases involving women. Gowda said, \"The duty of the police is not merely to register and probe offences, but also to safeguard the freedom and rights of people, especially women.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17424985", "title": "Spice Jet passengers bristle at risky mid-air manoeuvre", "text": "INDORE: In what is being termed as a risky mid-air manoeuvre and possibly a violation of standard rules, a Spice Jet aircraft at 5,000 feet was allowed to land before another Spice Jet flight hovering at 3,700 feet at Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport on Wednesday night at about 8.Passengers, who came to know of the 'confusion' vented their anger on the airport authorities after landing.According to the air traffic controller (ATC), two Indore-bound Spice Jet aircraft from New Delhi and Hyderabad were vying for space to land at the airport. The flight that took from Hyderabad was about 3,700 feet above while the one coming from New Delhi was flying the height of 5,000 feet. The pilots of these aircraft were simultaneously seeking signal to land. However, the ATC allowed the Delhi flight, flying at 5,000 to land first.\"This might have created confusion among the pilots,\" said airport director R N Shinde, adding that the pilot of flight flying at 3,700 feet objected to the permission given to the flight flying at 5,000 feet. He said it was not an air miss. According to him, as per the ATC rules, if the aircraft are in sight of the controller then 'descend permission' can be given and separation may be reduced. \"It was not an air miss as the anti-collision devices in both the aircraft were fully functional,\" the airport director said.A Spice Jet official, who refused to be identified, ruled out that the aircraft were of Spice Jet. He said it was impossible that both the flights land at a time in Indore as there is a big difference between the landing times of both the flights.The irate passengers of both the aircraft sought an explanation from the director about the goof-up. However, the airport director said passengers do not understand the ATC language. \"They fear that something has gone wrong.\"\"Directorate General Civil Aviation will conduct a probe into the incident,\" Shinde added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422250", "title": "Baby missing from hospital in Madurai, mom under lens", "text": "MADURAI: A two-day-old infant went missing from Government Rajaji Hospital in Madurai on Thursday. Even as the hospital authorities were worried that it could be another instance of baby theft, police claim that the mother was behind the missing child.The woman was unmarried and it was to ward off criticism from relatives and villagers that they had hid the baby, police alleged. Police are yet to trace the infant. However, all through the day, the woman and her parents made a ruckus in the hospital that their baby was stolen.It all started with Radika (22), the mother of the two-day-old-male, claiming that the child went missing from the maternity ward of the hospital when she went to the toilet. Rajammal, Radika's mother, claimed that she was also away when the baby went missing. \"I went to my brother's home in Madhichiyam to bring some clothes and food. Meantime, my husband went to a nearby shop,\" Rajammal said.Radhika, daughter of Palraj of Keelakandan village in Sivaganga district, was admitted at the hospital recently and gave birth to a male on November 27.Palraj, a daily wager, said, \"I received a call from the duty nurse informing me that my grandson was missing. I rushed to the ward immediately.\"Police in GRH outpost received a complaint from the hospital authorities and started investigations immediately. Although the police developed suspicion over the parents' statement and took them into custody for interrogation, they still kept the possibility of the infant being stolen open.Even as they continued with the claim of baby theft, police found there were eyewitnesses who saw Palraj carrying the baby from the hospital. \"Investigations with other patients and attendants revealed that Palraj carried the child from the ward,\" said V Karunanithi, assistant commissioner of police, Anna Nagar.\"Radika is unmarried. Hence she and her parents did not want to bring up the child. They came to Madurai from Sivaganga district just to get away from the child. They planned and executed the drama. Still investigations are going on to locate the baby,\" said Karunanithi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422259", "title": "Day after Vijay\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s visit, 1 more dengue death in Madurai", "text": "MADURAI: Even as VS Vijay, Tamil Nadu health minister, promised that the prevalence of dengue in Madurai district is under control and sufficient measures have been taken to control dengue in the district, a 31-year-old man died due to the fever at Government Rajaji Hospital (GRH) early Thursday.Velmurugan, 31, a farmer and father of three children, had been suffering from fever for six days before he succumbed. Dr S Senthil Kumar, deputy director of health services, Madurai district, said Velmurugan was treated at private hospitals in Usilampatti before he was shifted to GRH on Tuesday. With the death of Velmurugan, the dengue toll has risen to 18 in Madurai. His condition was worse during admission. Elisa test results confirmed dengue and required treatment has been provided. However, he succumbed to dengue haemorrhagic fever, said T Swaminathan, medical superintendent, GRH.Two more girls, one from Bodinayakkanpatti near Vadipatti in Madurai district, and the other from Mallankinaru in Virudhunagar district, also succumbed to viral fever. Sources from the hospital said Krishnaveni, 18, who was working in a private company in Madurai had been suffering from fever. She was treated in private hospitals in Vadipatti before being brought to Vadipatti government hospital on Wednesday. She was shifted to GRH on the same day, where she succumbed at night.Janaranjini, 7, daughter of Thatchanamoorthy of Mallankinaru, who was suffering from fever for the past five dayss succumbed to viral fever in a private hospital in Madurai on Wednesday night, said health officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17421436", "title": "Taming factionalism a herculean task for Congress", "text": "SHIMLA: As the two factions of Congress leaders in Himachal Pradesh have waged the battle of supremacy eyeing chief ministerial berth, taming factionalism has become a herculean task for Congress high command.After finding that leaders are publically targeting each other through media, All India Congress Committee on Thursday issued gag orders stopping leaders from going to the media. State leaders have been warned that violation of this code of conduct will invite strict disciplinary action.All is not well in Himachal unit of Congress with its leaders divided into camps drawing daggers against each other. State Congress president Virbhadra Singh has failed to keep Congress flock together in his home district Shimla where district urban committee has literally revolted against him by questioning his decision of expelling some leaders for alleged anti-party activities. Infighting has intensified as battle of \"Kaun Banega Mukhyamantri\" has started these days.Two faction of Congress in Himachal headed by state Congress president Virbhadra Singh and former state Congress president Kaul Singh Thakur has entered into bitter war of words with both sides issuing statements against each other in the media. The divide between two sides was widened following the expulsion of more than two dozen leaders mostly those closer to Kaul Singh Thakur.While Virbhadra Singh camp was busy devising disciplinary action against detractors, Kaul Singh camp made up a strategy of taming Virbhadra Singh in the home turf with Shimla (urban) president Pradeep Bhujja opening front against Virbhadra by refusing to accept the expulsion of two Congress leaders from Shimla (urban). Bhujja along with some other leaders had even gone to Delhi to meet Union minster Anand Sharma and AICC general secretary Birender Singh over the issue.Kaul Singh camp had managed to stay post November 4 expulsion of leaders and had managed to constitute a three-member committee to look into the matter. Following this decision, Congress leaders in Shimla, opposed to Virbhadra Singh, were in a jubilant mood. Virbhadra Singh rushed to Delhi following the development to inform the high command. As leaders from both groups were issuing statements against each other much to the discomfort of central leadership, AICC general secretary and in charge for Himachal Pradesh Birender Singh, on Thursday, made it clear that allegations and counter allegations through media would not be tolerated.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421892", "title": "Yeddyurappa to quit BJP today", "text": "BANGALORE: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa is all set to end his four-decade-old association with the BJP by resigning from the party on Friday.Yeddyurappa is also resigning from the assembly membership. Before handing over his resignation to Speaker KG Bopaiah, Yeddyurappa will take out a procession from Freedom Park at 10.30am.\"I will go in a march along with my supporters to Vidhana Soudha tomorrow at 12 noon and submit resignation to my assembly membership,\" Yeddyurappa, who has rejected calls to remain in BJP, told reporters at Shikaripura, his home town in Shimoga district.Later, he will garland the Basaveshwara and Dr BR Ambedkar's statues. He plans to resign between 12.20 and 12.40 pm and then address the media. The Lingayat strongman is all set to launch his political outfit, Karnataka Janata Party (KJP), at a public meeting in Haveri on December 9.Yeddyurappa who is credited with leading the Bharatiya Janata Party to power in the state for the first time in May 2008 was axed from the chief ministership in 2011 in the wake of allegations of corruption. He sulked after the party top brass rebuffed his repeated attempts to regain the gaddi and refused to at least make him the state unit party chief. Enraged over what he called as \"betrayal\" by his party leaders, Yeddyurappa decided to quit BJP and float his regional party.His exit is expected to put the BJP at the crossroads, but the party leaders have put up a brave face saying it will have no impact.Congress meetKPCC president G Parameshwara and CLP leader Siddaramaiah held a meeting with senior Congress members on Thursday to discuss the fall-out of Yeddyurappa's resignation. The discussion veered around moving a no-confidence motion against the Shettar government in the upcoming legislature session from December 5 in Belgaum.Sources said technically Shettar will enjoy majority in the House, but morally his government had been reduced to a minority. Any MLA who identifies with Yeddyurappa after he quits the BJP is not with the government,'' they added.However, final decision whether a no-confidence motion should be moved or not would be taken after consulting the high command, sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "11105671", "title": "11 Plant-based anti-ageing foods", "text": "Who wants to look their age? Most people want to look years younger than they are and are always striving towards it going into strange diets, getting help of surgery and taking jabs of botox and dermal fillers.Studies have shown that people who eat mostly plant-based foods look younger than their real physical age. And if that is true, it sure makes sense to include plant-based, anti-ageing foods in our daily diet to get that ageless, young skin and delay the inevitable effects of natural ageing by improving skin elasticity and thereby staving off wrinkles.Nutritionist Deepshikha Aggarwal says, \"There are certain foods that are rich in Vitamin E, which when included in our daily diet, can help improve the texture of skin and it's elasticity.\" Deepshikha says that avocados, walnuts, sesame seeds, olive or olive oil are rich in Vitamin E. Clinical nutritionist Dr Nupur Krishnan adds, \"Eating a diet that is rich in colourful fruits and veggies, can help protect against skin ageing.\" Tomatoes, red bell pepper and all citrus fruits are rich in Vitamin C, green leafy vegetables, sweet potatoes and bright orange vegetables have carotenoids and all these should be included in your diet advises Dr Nupur.Deepshikha says, \"Apart from this, avoiding caffeine products can help control melanin production. Sipping on green tea is a better idea.\"Here is a list of some anti-ageing foods:AlmondsSince ages almonds have been considered as an anti-ageing food because of the high content of Vitamin E. It is great for healthy skin, hair and nails. The body needs Vitamin E to protect the cells from the onslaught of free radicals generated by air pollution, peroxides and ultra violet rays. Experts say that eating around a dozen almonds daily will help.WalnutsWalnuts are a rich source of Vitamin E and having a handful can help your skin look great.CucumberThese are excellent as anti-ageing food and improve tired and dehydrated skin. The high water content and high amounts of silica present helps to get a smooth and glowing skin.AvocadosThey are also known as nature's best moisturisers and are loaded with anti-ageing nutrients such as Vitamin C and E, and Omega 3 fatty acids. Though a medium-size avocado has 30 grams of fat, all of it is healthy mono-saturated fats that lower cholesterol and protect the heart. Deepshikha says, \"Eating avocados can help stave off wrinkles and keep your skin looking soft and supple, because of the Vitamin E that helps to get your skin glowing.\"SesameThis is another rich source of Vitamin EBerriesDeepshikha Aggarwal says, \"Antioxidants that are present in berries such as blueberries, and cranberries and in strawberry, can help keep you skin vibrant and glowing.\" The canned cranberry juice works for your skin.Eat one to two cups of blueberries a day for your daily 'dose' of anthocyanin, an anti-ageing antioxidant that increases the potency of Vitamin C.Green teaThis is a very healthy substitute for caffeine drinks and are packed with anti-oxidants.Water\"If you do not drink at least 2-3 litres of water every day, your skin might wrinkle faster. Water provides the much-required hydration and keeps wrinkles at bay.Aloe Vera juiceAloe vera juice is excellent if you want younger-looking skin says Deepshikha and adds, \"Have 30 ml aloe vera juice diluted with 100 ml water early morning on empty stomach. And after 20-30 minutes you can have your regular breakfast.\"Sunflower seedsThis in another remarkable anti-ageing food and a Vitamin E and selenium powerhouse with very effective youth-enhancing qualities.Eating a handful of sunflower seeds daily will help you look younger, stave off wrinkles and improve skin elasticity because it is extremely rich in Vitamin E.Brazil nutsBrazil nuts are a very rich source of selenium, a mineral that works very well with Vitamin E to stop oxidative stress and cell damage caused by free radicals; thus, slowing down the ageing process. But should be eaten in moderation (two nuts a day) because of its high fat content.debarati.sen@timesgroup.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "doha", "code": "17421266", "title": "US to green NGOs: Who pays for your presence at global summits?", "text": "DOHA: US chief negotiator for climate change Jonathan Pershing has reminded the international green NGOs here that it pays to bring them to these global conferences.He said so in a closed-door meeting with the NGO representatives suggesting that they should remember who pays for their presence. TOI accessed the conversation recordings done secretly.\"We are one of the funders to make it possible for you to be at the table. I hope you recognize that many of you who come to the meetings you do, the US fights for you at every chance to give you a chance to be in this room,\" he said.In what is being considering rather patronizing by those who have heard the conversation, Pershing bluntly said, \"What we also think is the participation of a lot of countries out there includes the ones that disagree with us.\"Washington has come in under scathing attack by civil society recently \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from both the developed and the developing countries \u00e2\u20ac\u201d for neither putting up the funds nor increasing their emission reduction targets even after US President Barack Obama in his re-election victory speech recently said that he had not done enough in his first term to address climate change.Pershing suggested that the NGOs shift focus from demanding greater commitment from the developed world to reduce emissions. He said, \"I am struck in some fashion that the news that a lot of your attention and a lot of global attention isn't on the actual implementation. The question that people are excited by is: what's the new commitment: the next new thing.\"The global civil society plays a crucial role in the climate change negotiations especially mobilizing public pressure to force countries to do more. Though the civil society often remains divided on how much more the rich countries or the emerging economies need to do, the European Union (EU) and the US here have come under severe criticism for neither pledging more money nor increasing their emission reduction commitments that is considerably lower than that of the developing countries.Pershing had earlier publicly stated that the US would not increase its commitment between now and 2020, and the EU has offered to pledge only if developing world first makes a yet larger commitment to combat climate change.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421223", "title": "Allot mill land for Ambedkar memorial: NCP", "text": "MUMBAI: In a bid to end the Indu mill row, the NCP on Thursday asked chief minister Prithviraj Chavan to reserve the mill land as for \" Dr Babasaheb Ambedkar memorial\" on a priority basis.Party spokesperson Nawab Malik said the state government should use provisions in the Maharashtra Regional and Town Planning Act to introduce this change. He claimed that reservation of the land for a memorial would ensure that the plot cannot be used for any other purpose.The National Textile Corporation (NTC), which occupies the Prabhadevi-based mill land, will then be left with no option but to hand over the land, Malik said. He said the move would also end the row over suggestions of memorial for other leaders (ie, Bal Thackeray) on the premises. While the state government has already resolved to use the land for an Ambedkar memorial, negotiations between it and the NTC are still underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426330", "title": "Mahesh Babu to team up with Krish", "text": "Sometimes, our heroes show repeated interest in some kinds of subjects. While young stars are trying to prove their mass mettle, Superstar Mahesh is working hard to teach some philosophy to movie lovers.Reports have that Superstar Mahesh will be doing his forthcoming flick under the direction of Krish. Well, this director is known for his philosophical movies like Gamyam, Vedam and now Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum. Krish has added some commercial color to preachy script titled 'Shivam' for which Mahesh has already given, says buzz.However, this is not the first time our hero is doing such movies. His past outings like 'Nijam' and Khaleja' fall under the same category of giving lectures under a commercial umbrella, and 'Sivam' will be his third lesson for audiences, if it materializes.What shocks Mahesh fans is the outcome of those past movies. Indeed, preaching something never worked for Mahesh and we have to see what Krish will deliver through him.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17427177", "title": "Dempo look to keep winning momentum going against Salgaocar", "text": "MARGAO: After beating the fancied Mohun Bagan 3-0 in their last match, Dempo would be looking to keep the winning momentum going when they face Salgaocar in the ninth round of I-League on Saturday.Dempo coach Armando Colaco was all praise for young Godwin Franco who filled the gap in the absence of playmaker Climax Lawerence, who was serving a two-match suspension on disciplinary ground, to win the man of the match award against Bagan.\"It was the best performance by the team, I had faith in my boys that they will give their best when it matters most and hope that they keep the momentum going tomorrow against Salgaocar, who are going through a lean patch and will try to come hard on us to win tomorrow,\" said Colaco.The return of Climax Lawerence will add more fluidity in the midfield and with Ryuji Suoeka and Joaquim Abranches combining well, I expect my team to collect full points and extend the unbeaten home run and stay close to leaders East Bengal who are on 20 points, one point ahead of us, he added.Salgaocar, who have not won in the last four outings, have the potential to play tough against stronger side as demonstrative against Prayag United with whom they drew goalless.David Booth , their new coach, is looking forward to a first win after taking over the reign from Karim Bencherifa.\"The boys gave good account of themselves in the last two matches against stronger opponents, although we were not able to win but expect it tomorrow against the defending champions, who are on high after their impressive win over Bagan.\"We have worked up a strategy to counter our opponents and win which will bring back the confidence of the team,\" said David Booth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421342", "title": "Property tax cess change gets nod", "text": "MUMBAI: The state cabinet on Thursday approved a proposal for introducing changes in the manner of determining education and employment guarantee cess in property tax calculation.Cabinet ministers Narayan Rane and Naseem Khan expressed concern over the impact of such an amendment on property tax. Officials informed ministers that the move would not lead to any significant rise in property tax. A small rise in tax in properties in the island city is not being discounted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421911", "title": "Mamata Banerjee orders judicial probe in Tehatta firing", "text": "KOLKATA: Chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Thursday announced a judicial probe into the November 14 Tehatta police firing in which one person was killed. She also ordered the removal of SDPO Sailesh Shah and SDO Sudipta Bhattacharya to facilitate a fair probe.The home secretary had ordered a magisterial enquiry into the firing within two days while the CID was investigating the case separately. The OC of Tehatta police station, Debaprasad Pouranik, had earlier been removed.Mamata said she would personally visit both Tehatta and Dubrajpur (where police firing on November 4 had left five villagers injured). She, however, stuck to her government's resolve on a police enquiry into the Dubrajpur police firing.\"In Tehatta, one person had died. As per NHRC and Supreme Court recommendations, a magistrate-level inquiry should be done. However, for the sake of transparency and impartiality, we have ordered a judicial inquiry. It will be led by a retired high court judge. For the sake of proper enquiry, the SDPO and SDO will be moved out. The OC has already been removed,\" she said. \"The government wants an independent enquiry and also one that is transparent and fixes accountability,\" she added.\"We've already announced Rs 2 lakh as compensation and job for the victim's kin. The approvals are all in place. I plan to personally go there and give it to the victim's family,\" the chief minister said.Stressing that her government was against such incidents (of police firing), Mamata said, \"Even what happened in Dubrajpur shouldn't have happened. The ADG is already probing the matter. He has briefed me on the progress but is yet to give me a detailed report. I have directed him that none of the guilty should be spared \u00e2\u20ac\u201d even if they are policemen. I still maintain that the manner in which the police operation was done without keeping the Writers' Building in loop was wrong and is unacceptable. Puro ektorfa bhabe kora hoyeche (it was a unilateral decision). The government has acted fast. The SP was immediately sent on leave and a new SP appointed. I have never seen a government acting so fast. In addition, the OC Dubrajpur and two other policemen responsible have also being transferred.\"Stressing that she will herself go to Loba, Mamata said, \"If police is responsible, we will find it out. None will be spared. All the injured will be paid Rs 25,000 compensation.\" Mamata reiterated her government had no role in land acquisition. \"This is a 2009 project of the Left Front era. The government will not acquire land anywhere and it will give a clearance (for industry) only if the land procured (by companies) has been done willingly and transparently. Even here (in Loba), there was no such thing (as land acquisition). Police had merely gone to remove a stranded equipment,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421779", "title": "Three-year-long case settled after man pays compensation to girlfriend", "text": "BANGALORE: The three-year-long Anand-Priyanka fight was finally settled after the high court quashed all proceedings against Anand after he paid Rs 7 lakh as compensation to her in lieu of compounding those offences.Priyanka had hit the headlines after walking into a wedding hall at Rajajinagar, accompanied by a TV crew, and creating a ruckus at the marriage of Anand, who had made her pregnant and was getting married to another girl.She also complained against two police officers before the SHRC claiming that they failed to prevent the marriage despite her complaint on October 30, 2009. The SHRC had imposed a cost of Rs 1 lakh upon them besides recommending disciplinary action against them.The two police officers, police inspector Chandru and sub-inspector Kemparaju, deposited Rs 2 lakh each in favour of Priyanka. The order passed against them by the SHRC was quashed by the division bench headed by Chief Justice Vikramajit Sen.The bench warned Anand not to attempt any more misdemeanour against Priyanka.Anand, a building contractor, and Priyanka, an MBA student, were neighbours in Nandini Layout..", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "talaash movie review reports", "code": "17425236", "title": "KVJ and Aamir Khan's Talaash get good reviews", "text": "Talaash movie review reports: Rana Daggubati's Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum and Aamir Khan's Talaash, which released on Friday are already enjoying positive early reviews. Bollywood critics have already rated Aamir Khan's Talaash as a must-watch and have ruled out reports that claim that Talaash is even remotely similar to Kahaani. Reports say that Aamir Khan and Rani Mukherji's performance is to watch out for, Kareena Kapoor (as a sex worker) adds the glamor quotient.Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum movie review reports: Closer home, Rana's Krishnam Vande Jagadgurum is also getting some positive reviews. Initial reports say that KVJ's interval bang, climax episodes and dialogues are its major highlights. Director Krish has come up with a gripping screenplay and plot line and Rana's performance hogs the limelight.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422968", "title": "Craft mela begins today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Preparations are in full swing for the 10-day annual Chandigarh National Crafts Mela. The festival, which will be organized at Kalagram, here, will begin from Friday onwards with the theme, ''Tribes of India''. It will focus on folk traditions, arts and crafts of tribal regions, as well as the diverse cultures of the country.North Zone Cultural Centre (NZCC) has constructed about 125 temporary stalls, of which 35 huts have been earmarked for tribal regions. The centre has invited acclaimed handloom and craft persons and tribal craft persons.Besides, cultural programmes choreographed by professionals will be organized every evening with emphasis on folk music, instruments and dances. There will also be day-long performances by renowned folk artists. About 300 folk dancers and folk instrumentalists have been invited. Authentic Indian cuisines will add flavour to the event. The fair is a joint venture of the Chandigarh administration and North Zone Cultural Centre (ministry of culture, government of India).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422827", "title": "Stage set for South Central Zone Cultural Centre's 11-day cultural extravaganza", "text": "NAGPUR: The stage at the South Central Zone Cultural Centre (SCZCC) will get a very innovative look during this year's Orange City Craft Mela and Folk Dance Festival set to begin from December 1. Tribal huts from the five states - Andhra Pradesh, Karnataka, Maharashtra, Madhya Pradesh and Chhattisgarh - will adorn the stage.Preparations are in full swing for the 11-day cultural extravaganza. The SCZCC campus is busy with activities and has dawned a colourful look as artists from different states are decorating their hubs for the festival. Some new art work along with tribal huts have been put up at the centre.This year being the silver jubilee of Zonal Cultural Centres, Ravinder Singal, director, SCZCC, has promised many new attractions. \"The silver jubilee celebrations began earlier in April this year and are likely to conclude in Nagpur in February. If the plan materializes, it will be grand four-day celebrations which would be attended by the President,\" Singal said.Like every year, a number of folk dances, regional art and food stalls will be part of the festival. And many of the artists, SCZCC claims will be performing for the first time in the city. \"We have tried to introduce many new artists and art forms. The likes of Kud dance from Jammu and Kashmir and artists and craftsmen from Leh-Ladakh will be joining us here,\" said Singal.A photography exhibition has also been organized during the festival. The photographers are expected to catch the mood of the festival. In an attempt to attract youngsters SCZCC has ventured out in the virtual world by launching a facebook page, youtube and flickr accounts besides its website.While the craft mela will be held between 1 pm and 9.30 pm, the folk dances will be presented between 6.30 pm and 8.30 pm. The festival will conclude on December 11.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424908", "title": "Offer security to RTI activist: Digvijay Singh", "text": "BHOPAL: AICC general secretary Digvijay Singh on Thursday shot off a letter to chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan asking the state government to provide security to RTI activist Devendra Prakash Mishra who filed a Public Interest Litigation (PIL) in the Madhya Pradesh high court (MPHC) challenging the allotment of a 15-acre prime plot here in the South TT Nagar area to construction major Gammon India. Digvijay Singh wrote that Mishra had expressed concern for the safety of his life specially after the way RTI activist Shehla Masood was killed in broad daylight in August last year.In a second letter addressed to Chouhan, the AICC general secretary raised a volley of questions regarding the legality of land allotment to Gammon India and its subsequent transfer to another construction company Deepmala Infrastructure Private Limited (DIPL). \"I am writing this letter regarding the allocation of a highly valuable 15-acre plot of land in the South TT Nagar area by your government under the re-densification scheme,\" Singh's letter said.\"I had earlier queried about the legality of the allocation of the land to the Gammon India. In contravention of the objectives and rules of the re-densification scheme, a third company DIPL entered the deal and secured a lease deed on the same land without paying a lease rent. In addition to this, the government converted the lease hold to free hold land, which resulted in a loss of Rs 2,000 crore to the state exchequer,'' the AICC general secretary alleged.The letter said that the PIL filed by Devendra Prakash Mishra in the high court challenged that the plot of land with a market price of Rs 2,000 crore was given away by the state for just Rs 6.5 crore. During the hearing of the case, the petitioner produced before the court as evidence the order issued by the deputy collector dated November 11, 2012 favouring DIPL and converting the lease hold land to free hold. The petition appealed before the court for the retraction of the same order.\"The free hold status of the land may have been withdrawn but the matter does not end here. The allotment of a 15-acre plot of land without proper auctioning to Gammon India and the manner in which the state exchequer lost Rs 2,000 crore is in strict violation of the objectives and norms of the scheme,'' Digvijay Singh's letter argued. \"There were 17 bidders for that particular land, but only Gammon India was privileged to acquire it. This proves that everything is not transparent.''Digvijay Singh accused that on March 29, 2008 a tripartite agreement was signed between the district collector, commissioner Housing Board and director of DIPL without any appropriate legal procedure. Land was handed over to the DIPL through this agreement. \"The agreement for the land was on a stamp paper of Rs 100 only and no pan number was quoted on it,\" he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kannur", "code": "17422051", "title": "Jilted lover held for kidnapping minor", "text": "KANNUR: Kannur town police have arrested two youth, including a 16-year-old plus two student, for trying to abduct a 14-year-old schoolgirl on Wednesday evening.According to police, the arrested have been identified as Muhammed Eesa (18) of Kottali and his friend, a plus-two student, based on the complaints of the girl's parents.Police said the incident happened on Wednesday evening, when Eesa came on a car and abducted the girl, who was returning home from her school in Puzhathi in the suburbs of Kannur, along with her friend. The friend rushed to the girl's house and informed them about the incident, who in turn alerted the police.Meanwhile, the 16-year-old boy, who felt things were getting worse, requested Eesa to drop her back. However, he dropped the boy at Thazhe Chovva in the suburbs of the town and drove away.Though some locals tried to block the car, Eesa escaped from the scene. They handed over the minor boy to the police.On interrogation, the boy told that in all possibility Eesa had taken the girl to Wayanad, as he had a friend there. Meanwhile, when police contacted the owner of the car, who gave it on rent to Eesa, he said the boy took the car to go to Wayanad. The police traced his mobile phone location with the help of its cyber cell and finally nabbed him from Nedumpoyil in Wayanad.According to Eesa's confessional statement, he was in love with the girl but of late she had started avoiding him, which infuriated the lover. So he, with the help of the minor boy, was planning to take her to Wayanad and marry her.Police took statement from the girl and sent her home along with her family, while the JFCM court here on Thursday evening, sent Eesa to judicial remand for 14 days. The minor boy was presented before the juvenile court in Thalassery.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17423066", "title": "Fighting for free speech: Untangling the net", "text": "This is the Times View that TOI published in its November 21 edition. Nearly all our demands have been met. All that the government now needs to do is ensure the vandals don't get away with a mere slap on the wrist. And, that the girls are compensated for the mental trauma caused to them.The police and the government should hang their heads in shame for traumatising two girls for an innocuous comment, and for failing to take immediate action against the hoodlums who ransacked a hospital and manhandled patients because they didn't like the comment. The police, with great alacrity, arbitrarily applied one section of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and one section of the Information Technology Act to take the girls into custody. The IPC section was then withdrawn and another was applied. The police showed nowhere near that same enthusiasm to bring the hoodlums to book \u00e2\u20ac\u201d it took public outrage and media coverage for them to finally take action.Unless it wants to condone state-sponsored harassment and let criminals decide what is acceptable and what isn't, the government must:1) Prosecute the men who ransacked the hospital to the fullest extent of the law. Too often, such anti-socials are picked up only to be released on bail in no time at all. Nothing happens to them after that. These people must be made to do at least a year's jail time as well as pay for the damage done to the hospital (we aren't even discussing loss of revenue). There are enough provisions in the law under which exemplary action can be taken \u00e2\u20ac\u201d if the government wants to.2) The girls who were made to pay Rs 15,000 each as surety must be compensated for the mental agony they were subjected to. It's difficult to place a monetary figure on the trauma they and their families went through, but we would suggest Rs 5 lakh each.3) Finally, the policemen who took such wrongful action against the girls must be made liable. At the very least, they should be suspended and their pay docked for a few months. Upholders of the law cannot be allowed to hide behind uniform while they harass innocent, law-abiding citizens with impunity.Related story : Fighting for free speech: 'Law needs overhaul, not cosmetic job'", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425289", "title": "Krishi community radio to train farmers", "text": "HUBLI: To create awareness and to provide information on the set up of community radio, Krishi (agriculture) community radio of University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad (UAS) is planning to conduct a national-level training programme.Krishi community radio will hold the national-level model training programme on \"Operationalizing Krishi Community Radio Station\" voice of the voiceless- a national level training programme from January 17 to 24, 2013.S Devendrappa, programme officer of krishi community radio of UAS, said that resource persons will impart awareness on how to set up community radio in agricultural universities, educational institutions and in NGOs in the country.The programme will also focus on the techniques of programme production which includes pro-production techniques and post-production techniques as well as editing software and sound editing techniques. UAS will invite resource persons from University of Agricultural Sciences, Dharwad, Karnatak University, Dharwad for the programmes and local farmers to share their experience on the benefits gained from krishi community radio and provide ideas on programmes which helps farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422810", "title": "Advantage Vidarbha to be held on February 2, 3", "text": "NAGPUR: The Advantage Vidarbha organized by Maharashtra State Industrial Development Corporation along with industries and trade associations of the region will be held on February 2 and 3, sources associated with the promotional event said on Thursday.Maharashtra chief minister Prithviraj Chavan had indicated that he would be available for the event between February 1 and 4. The event is being planned with international and domestic investors in mind and to showcase the entire region as an investment destination for new industries. With time running out, sources said that a hotel in Ramdaspeth has been finalized as venue for the two days as the only five-star hotel in the city was found to have no big conference room facilities for such a big event.Sources admitted that two months invitation notice may be too less a period for an international audience but an effort would be made to attract global players with rich mineral wealth and other resources like ample land and water available only in this part of the state. District guardian minister Shivajirao Moghe is playing an active role in ensuring success of the event by keeping industry minister Narayan Rane in the loop.\"Now that the date has been almost finalized, we would get in touch with big ticket investors like Ambanis, Godrej, Adani and I-T giants like Infosys and TCS who have in the past evinced keen interest in Vidarbha,\" said Moghe. He is also hopeful that the event would give fillip to Multi-modal International Hub Airport Plan at Nagpur (MIHAN) that has been waiting for major investors to arrive and utilize world-class infrastructure created here. Moghe had earlier tasted success when he had organized Advantage Nagpur as part of tri-centenary celebrations of the city a decade ago.ends", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421852", "title": "Find long-term solution, and don't give up", "text": "BANGALORE: \"The rats have increased in Bangalore,\" said a concerned Kiran Mazumdar-Shaw at an informal gathering last evening, where invariably the conversation centered on the city's civic woes. I agreed with her while others expressed surprise at the statement - the memory fresh in my mind's-eye of my husband Ramesh laying out two sticky rat traps in the garden and finding both occupied with the squirming creatures in the morning. My father, who had stayed overnight, shook his head sadly - not at the increase of rats in the city, but because we are Jains.The issue of garbage continues to plague the Garden City. Anxiety levels continue to be high, with multiple solutions and attempts flung around by stalwarts of waste segregation and management. Attempts that centre around 'Reduce, Reuse, Recycle or Scientifically Bury'. The BBMP, meanwhile, seems hard-pressed to find protest-free land for a decent burial.The history of cities around the world is replete with instances of garbage crises. Remarkable books have recorded the whole rotten story of municipal waste in the western hemisphere. I recommend Martin Melosi's 'Garbage in the Cities' - expect to be surprised that a book on municipal waste can be so fascinating.A hundred and fifty years ago, the residents of New York, Washington D.C., New Orleans , etc., dumped their garbage into alleys and streets. Pigs roamed freely, slaughterhouses spewed nauseating odours and rats and cockroaches infested most dwellings, including the White House . Scavengers and ragpickers cleared the garbage, horse dung and carcasses off the streets.Garbage was piled high on vacant lands in the periphery, filling up wetlands, or just dumped into rivers. Rome, Paris, London and Amsterdam grappled similarly with their urban waste. The large-scale impact of unsanitary cities brought devastating plague and disease in its wake, occupying the minds and efforts of leaders both inside and outside of government. Yet, not until 1990 did the USA's Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) issue comprehensive laws for municipal waste that tackle the problem from birth to death - from the creation of waste to its safe disposal.Today, highly organized garbage recycling and management efforts are in place in most cities in the US, Europe, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Singapore, etc. Serious environmental research dollars are being allocated there on waste-based energy production.As with the developed world, solving the garbage issue in our cities - whether Bangalore or Thiruvananthapuram - is not going to be easy. Even as the government works towards finding short-term fixes to the current crisis, we must not delay working towards long-term sustainable solutions. The latter is going to require relentless hard work and the ability to stay the course for as long as it takes.(The writer is co-founder, Janaagraha)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421453", "title": "Commuters irked by Metro service disruption", "text": "BANGALORE: The Namma Metro service was disrupted for two hours on Thursday morning after BMRC began testing a battery-operated train at 6am. This resulted in a technical snag between SV Road and Indiranagar stations.Mahi Singh was among the hundreds who were stunned when Metro service was halted from 6am to 8am, due to derailing of a battery-operated loco on the main lines.Metro officials said the lines had to be cleared for regular operations and that took until 8am. \"One line was open after 8am and trains were made to run between MG Road and Byappanahalli only on that line till 10.15am. The operations were regularized from 10.20am,\" said a Bangalore Metro spokesperson.Metro officials sent rescue vans to clear the lines. The lines were restored after BMRCL MD N Sivasailam went on the train to ensure everything was in place.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17428243", "title": "'TET exam probe full of errors'", "text": "KANPUR: The defence counsel for the two accused of TET examination scam on Thursday argued that there were several errors in investigation and his clients Narendra Pratap Singh and Manish Chandra should be discharged on the same basis. The counsel SP Singh pleaded in the court of the district judge Kanpur Dehat that complete investigation was not executed by the designated officer but conducted by the station officer. Moreover, the prosecuting agency had not sought sanction of arrest and prosecution from the state as some of the accused were government servants. This ground alone was enough for the discharge of accused. The Akbarpur police had claimed that it had exposed a big scam of TET exam on December 31, 2011. According to the police claim, the accused had colluded with some examinees and collected money from them with an assurance that they would clear the exam and be selected for the job. Sanjay Mohan, director, UP Madhyamik Shikshak Sangh is among the accused. The police has charged the director under 420/120 B IPC (Cheating, and involvement in criminal conspiracy) and under section 13(1)-D of Anti-corruption Act (Amassing wealth by corrupt or illegal manner by public servant ). The remaining 11 accused were charged under section420 IPC and under section 8/9 of Anti corruption Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421672", "title": "Cauvery row: Jayalalithaa, Shettar dig their heels in", "text": "BANGALORE: Refusal to budge from stated positions resulted in the failure of the Cauvery talks on Thursday, though much was expected from it. After the meeting, Jayalalithaa told reporters: \"At Mettur, there is only 16.32 tmcft of water. Of this, 5 tmcft is dead storage and another 5 tmcft is for drinking water. So, only 6.32 tmcft is active storage, which is sufficient only for six days. The samba crops on 14.93 lakh acres of land require another 65 days of water supply, else they will wither. We asked Karnataka to release 30 tmcft of water immediately, which is the bare minimum. Despite our pleadings, Karnataka says it cannot release a single of drop of water. We are approaching the Supreme Court on Friday.''Countering her, Shettar said: \"All that we have in our reservoirs is 37 tmcft. Of this, 20 tmcft is for the drinking water needs of Bangalore, Mysore and other towns and rural areas in the Cauvery basin, while another 10 tmcft should be let out for the purpose of ecological balance. So only 7 tmcft is available for our standing crops. How can we release 30 tmcft? We will also go to court and explain our situation.''Karnataka CM said Tamil Nadu's forthcoming season, present storage and groundwater was enough to save the samba crops. \"She said Mettur has only 6.32 tmcft of water, but the facts are otherwise. Mettur has 16.32 tmcft of water and the entire water can be utilized for irrigation. Her claim that 5 tmcft is dead storage and can't be utilized is unfounded, as it can be utilized. As the rainy season is not yet over for Tamil Nadu , even the water she's claiming for drinking purpose can be used,'' said Bommai.Did she walk out? Jayalalithaa shook her head to suggest it wasn't so but said: \"The Karnataka CM kept repeating that we can't give any water. They kept suggesting we can meet later.''Karnataka, too, tried to play down the failure. Bommai said: \"I led her to the car.\" Is it the end of the road? \"We offered to meet her at Chennai. We are ready to reassess and meet her,'' said Shettar.QUOTEThe SC has suggested an optimistic and fresh approach to find a solution to the vexed problem. The fact that severe distress has brought both states on a common platform for a direct dialogue is itself an indication that a permanent solution to the Cauvery issue is possible through a new approach in a congenial atmosphere.Jagadish Shettar | chief ministerDetails of talks during meetTN: Release 30 tmcft in the next 15 days and another 23.4 tmcft before December-end.Karnataka: As of now, live storage in the state's reservoirs is about 37 tmcft. We need 92.4 tmcft for drinking water and irrigation in Cauvery basin. The inflow into the reservoirs between December and May is expected to be not more than 10 tmcft. The existing storage with expected inflow is not sufficient to meet the minimum water requirement in the basin. Bangalore depends entirely on Cauvery water for drinking needs. The requirement is 12 tmcft from December to the onset of the next monsoon. Any further release will create a severe crisis in Bangalore city.TN: We've been deprived of our due share of 48.5 tmcft up to Sept 2012 (as per the distress-sharing formula of the Central Water Commission). By now, we should have received about 100.85 tmcft.Karnataka: We cannot afford to take ad hoc and arbitrary decisions only by looking at the present situation. Let us be practical and assess the possible requirement up to the end of the water year. The practical difficulties or ground realities should be the real test for sharing water shortage than the mechanical approach of pro-rata or proportionate methodology.TN: The delta farmers have already lost the kuruvai crop. The present storage in Mettur is very alarming and the prospect of bringing the samba crop to maturity is very bleak. The northeast monsoon has failed.Karnataka: It's a known fact that the northeast monsoon is expected to yield good results for TN, while the prospects of further substantial flows for Karnataka has more or less ended.TN: The effective storage in Mettur is only 6.34 tmcft, and samba crop is withering.Karnataka: Not true. Mettur has 16.32 tmcft of water which can be utilized for irrigation. As per the CMC's assessment, the water requirement for the standing samba rice crop in TN can be met.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421790", "title": "TMC leaders' promise of action placates Sobhandeb", "text": "KOLKATA: Will Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay ride the wave of dissent that has swept Trinamool Congress over the past few days?Top-notch Trinamool leaders on Thursday met the veteran leader and tried to convince him not to take any hasty decision. And it is learnt that after being promised of proper action, Chattopadhyay may not jump into a decision just as yet.After being heckled on Calcutta University campus on Tuesday, the leader had said: \"I have to think about my future course of action if I do not get respect in the party.\"Emerging out of a meeting with Chattopadhyay in the state assembly on Thursday, senior minister and INTTUC national president Subrata Mukherjee said: \"He is a veteran leader who is with Trinamool since its inception. If he leaves Trinamool, it will be a loss for the party. I've requested him not to make any press statement and instead iron out the differences within the party.\"Firad Hakim, who met his senior party colleague earlier in the day, had also reportedly urged him not to speak publicly on internal party matters.Preferring not to make any statement, Chattopadhyay briefly said on Thursday: \"I have nothing personal against Mamata or the party. But the way I was treated that day, I wanted the party to act. She rang me up (on Wednesday) saying she will look into the matter. Now it is up to the chief minister what step she will take\".Before leaving, Chattopadhyay added that he was with Mamata Banerjee for the last 25 years. \"I can expect certain respect and protection from the party. I work with integrity and I am not the one who takes 'cut money'. I have not said anything against the leadership. I am sure that there is no alternative to Mamata Banerjee in West Bengal ,\" he added.While Chattopadhyay steered clear of any controversy, nearly 1,000 supporters of Chattopadhyay-led KMC workers union held a silent march from College Street to the civic body headquarters on Thursday. KMC union general secretary Simanta Ghosal said: \"There are some who've come from the CPM and the SUCI to weaken the party. That Chattopadhyay was heckled bears testimony to it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422698", "title": "Fourteen-year-old girl run over by train at Nuvem", "text": "MARGAO: Fourteen-year-old Shivshruti Pandey, resident of Murida-Pican, Nuvem, died after she was hit by a train at Nuvem on Thursday.Police sources said that Pandey was returning from school when the accident occurred. \"She was walking along the railway tracks, apparently oblivious of the train that was coming behind her. As the train hit her she was thrown off the railway tracks and hit an electricity pole. She sustained head injuries and died instantly,\" Konkan railway police sources said. The incident took place between 2.30pm and 3pm. The police cannot ascertain which train hit the girl. The Pandey family stays in a rented house, 50m from where the accident took place.Police said the girl's father is a native of Bihar and works in a fabrication unit at Nuvem.The autopsy is likely to be done on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17423029", "title": "Problem solving assessment has students in a fix", "text": "LUDHIANA: Students of classes IX and XI are a worried lot. For, it is the first academic year when the Central Board of Secondary Education (CBSE) will hold Problem Solving Assessment (PSA) exam in the second term. The paper will carry 90 marks and have 60 multiple choice questions (MCQ). With no specific syllabus, time-tables or periods for PSA, students are in a fix.The exam \u00e2\u20ac\u201d which will be held in January or February \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will test their \"quantitative and qualitative reasoning and language conventions\".Principal of Don Bosco Global School, Ferozepur Road, Vinay Sharma said, \"The PSA will test the 'practical life applications and 21st century skills' as mentioned on CBSE website. It will focus on problem solving, communication skills, creative and critical thinking and decision making, which are important for today's generation.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421077", "title": "Mandi House tunnel to add to Metro glitter", "text": "NEW DELHI: Despite a distance of only 700m, the tunnel coming from Mandi House to ITO on the heritage line will be an engineering feat for Delhi Metro.Going 16m below ground, the tunnel will cross not only the existing underground Metro track but also the railway track at Tilak bridge. What makes the construction of the tunnel a challenge is the zero-settlement goal by Delhi Metro. Settlement is the soil loss experienced during tunneling.\"Though settlement up to 10mm is allowed in such constructions, we are aiming for zero settlement along the existing metro and Railway tracks,\" said the Delhi Metro Rail Corporation (DMRC) spokesperson. The tunnel alignment is what has prompted Delhi Metro to opt for zero settlement. \"We want all cavities to be filled at these two points as they are sensitive since they come under existing tracks. In fact, monitoring will be carried out 24X7 during the tunneling period,\" added the official.The alignment will also go under Lady Irwin College and then the neighbouring railway colony before it comes out behind the existing barricades set up by Delhi Metro at the ITO intersection. \"The cavities created during settlement will be filled with grouting immediately along the erection of the segments of the tunnel,\" said the official. Delhi Metro will monitor 30m around the tunneling area, also called the influence zone, during this period.The tunnel for the heritage corridor was lowered on Thursday at Mandi House, two months ahead of schedule. This will come out in front of the ITO station in February. Two tunnel boring machines (TBM) will be used for the tunneling \u00e2\u20ac\u201d one for the up line and the other for the down line. The new tunnel incidentally will be going 7m below the existing Blue line (Dwarka-Noida/Vaishali) of the Delhi Metro network. It will go under the ramp, before the existing metro track comes out from under the ground after Mandi House. The tunnel for the heritage line will then go around 15m below the railway track at Tilak bridge.Work on the rest of the corridor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all the way to Kashmere Gate via Delhi Gate, Jama Masjid and Red Fort \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is expected to take off soon as well, says Delhi Metro. \"Preliminary work has already been done at Delhi Gate and Jama Masjid. The moment we get approval from National Monuments Authority (NMA), construction will start,\" said an official.The heritage line starts from Central Secretariat. Sources said that if work continues at the present rate, the work may be over before the deadline set for late 2015.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17423624", "title": "India, Australia join hands with Indonesia to counter China", "text": "NEW DELHI: India, Indonesia and Australia will form the first \"troika\" to confer on the Indian Ocean, a first step towards a trilateral grouping in Asia . This new engagement is believed to be significant as all three countries seek to hedge against possible Chinese expansionism.Peter Varghese, Australian high commissioner and new foreign secretary, said Canberra would be taking charge of the Indian Ocean regional grouping next year, and an India-Australia-Indonesia trilateral would be one of the early deliverables. Talking to TOI on the eve of his departure , Varghese said, \"We will have a troika with Indonesia , the incoming vice-chair . This will be a good window to do things, to push practical agenda for IORARC.\"The Indian Ocean is proving to be an important strategic outreach for India, as well as Australia, which now focuses more on what it calls the \"Indo-Pacific\" rather than East Asia. It has created convergences between India and countries like Australia.Varghese said, \"I think we are in a qualitative new space in the (bilateral) relationship. We have now cleared the obstacles that were holding the relationship back. The students' safety issue, while we don't want to be complacent about it, I think is behind us. The uranium issue is now resolved . We've now got some clear air in the relationship.\"India is looming higher in the Australian mindset. India , as Varghese points out, is not only the source for the largest number of legal migrants into Australia, it's also one of the greatest sources for skilled labour.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426169", "title": "Ramya's birthday celebration in a special way", "text": "The fans of 'Sandalwood Queen' Ramya celebrated her birthday on Thursday by organising many social programmes like getting eye donation forms signed and blood donations. Divya Spandana aka Ramya celebrated her birthday quietly. Her fans conveyed birthday wishes through twitter page and mails. But there were few fans who decided to undertake some programmes along with other fans.The fans group started the day with a prayer in temple followed by collection of eye donation forms. Later the birthday cake of Ramya was cut by blind students in Narayana Nethralaya. At night a special feast was prepared for the blind students at Ramana Maharshi Blind School in JP Nagar.However, Ramya was not present at any of this.Source: chitraloka.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424866", "title": "Thumbs down to PG in limnology, sociology", "text": "BHOPAL: Nobody knows for sure if Barkatullah University has failed to attract students to join the many of its PG courses or the priority of students has changed. The fact is several university teaching departments, including genetics, remote sensing, have few students. As for the sociology department, it can boast of better situation-it has one student.Interestingly, limnology department doesn't have even a single student. The university authorities are not available for their comments.Sources pointed out that private colleges mushrooming in the state capital and allowing students to appear in exams without attending classes could be the reason behind the BU's problem.In all, BU has 25 departments, which run several courses. However, several courses running by these departments have failed to attract the students.The problem could be gauged from the fact that even important courses, including sociology have only two students in the previous year of the two-year PG course. Other important courses facing the same problem include education, economics, yoga , Sanskrit, linguistics, remote sensing and genetics.For MA education, there are only 3 students in the previous year the two year PG course. MA economics (previous year) also has only 3 students while the situation is the same with the Sanskrit department. The condition is even worst in genetics and remote sensing where there is only one student.When contacted, BU's deputy registrar (academics), Dr B Bharti said: \"We have been asked to keep away from the media. I can't give you any version on the issue. Only registrar and or vice-chancellor are authorized to talk to the media.\"Interestingly, BU is the only university in the country providing fresh water studies in the department of limnology. Surprisingly, no student has taken admission in the department for the last couple of years.When contacted, head of the Limnology department, Dr Ashwani Wanganeo replied, \"I am in Delhi. I can't tell you the strength of students in my department.On the condition of anonymity, a senior university faculty admitted that several courses running on the university campus have not been able to attract the proper number of students.\"Less strength of students is not limited to just a few courses. In most of the traditional courses, the university is facing the same problem,\" he said.Without coming on record, the university authorities blamed that private colleges have created such situation in the university. \"Several students turned to private colleges for the same courses. Several city-based private colleges provide degrees even without attending the class, which is not possible in the university,\" he said.Despite several efforts, registrar and vice-chancellor could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17427088", "title": "Fire in two air-conditioned coaches of Chennai-Delhi GT Express, one passenger dead", "text": "BHOPAL: Over 120 passengers on board two air-conditioned coaches of Chennai-Delhi GT Express had a close shave after the train caught fire near Sithauli station in Gwalior district in the wee hours on Friday. However, a 55-year-old passenger S K Verma, suffered cardiac arrest in panic and died, said sources.Verma was a resident of Chennai and en route to Delhi. He was in the sleeper coach adjacent to the AC coaches that caught fire.According to railway officials, fire broke out at 2am in the AC Coach B1 soon after it crossed Sithauli station. Passengers pulled the chain and got the train stopped. The bogie was evacuated even as the fire spread to adjacent AC coach B2 that was partially gutted.Affected coaches were removed and the train left for Delhi at 7am.DRM of Jhansi Rail Board Naveen Chopra told media that said a short circuit led to the incident as per initial investigation. He said an inquiry has been ordered into the incident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17425913", "title": "4 guilty in Kannadi Shaji murder case", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The principal sessions court here on Thursday found four persons guilty in the sensational Kannadi Shaji murder case. Ambalamukku Krishnakumar, Sanish, Jayalal and Syam were those who were found guilty by the court.Judge B Sudheendrakumar dropped the charges against eight other accused persons in the case as the prosecution failed to prove the charges against them. The court will pronounce the sentence on Friday.According to the charge sheet, there were 12 accused in the case-Ambalamukku Krishnakumar, Sanish, Syam, Jayalal, Premachandran, Sankar Ram, Alan Raj, Binu S Nair alias Kudukka Binu, Anand Lal, Suresh Kumar, Krishnendu and Anjaneyan.The first four in the list were accused of directly taking part in the murder. The accused five and seven were slapped with charges of criminal conspiracy and the rest or harbouring the main accused. Krishnakumar, Sanish and tenth accused Suresh Kumar were in police custody during the trial whereas the rest were out on bail.It was on November 12, 2011, that Kannadi Shaji, a gangster, was waylaid and killed at Chithra Nagar at Kowdiar, where he resided. He was travelling along with his accomplice Ajith Kumar on a motorcycle when the gang which came in a car attacked them with swords. Ajith Kumar managed to flee as the main target was Shaji.The murder was allegedly committed in retaliation to the twin murder of gangster Kokkode Syam and his accomplice Praveen. The duo was slain at Karakulam by a gang of assailants, who chased them on motorcycles. It was suspected that the twin murder was a work of Kannadi Shaji's gang.Ambalamukku Krishnakumar, the prime accused in the case, is a friend-turned-foe of Shaji. Once close accomplices, Shaji and Krishnakumar, who were involved in illegal sand mining business, parted ways owing to differences.The prosecution had examined as many as 28 witnesses during the trial. The eye witness accounts of Ajith Kumar and Jayakumari, the first and second witnesses, respectively, who identified the culprits, were the turning point in the case.The prosecution had also produced before the court 70 documents and 34 other items as evidence in the case.Public prosecutor S K Asok Kumar and advocates R Ajayakumar, Powdikonam S Radhakrishnan and Kovalam B Vijayan appeared before the court on behalf of the prosecution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425633", "title": "Corporator's question raises mayor's hackles", "text": "MYSORE: The differences of opinion between mayor Rajeshwari Puttaswamy and MCC commissioner M R Ravi came to the fore on Thursday, as the former lashed out at the official.The first citizen also vented her anger against corporators who questioned her integrity and charged them with targeting her. At one point, she even got emotional but was consoled by the corporators. What precipitated the issue was a charge by a member of the ruling Congress saying some important files were being taken home by a few and asked why it was allowed. \"On what grounds are the files being taken home? The mayor should explain,\" senior Congress member P Devaraj asked.The council members were discussing building by-law violations which, they said, were rampant in the city and asked why the administration was silent. While the officials were being questioned, Devaraj accused some members, who were part of the standing committees, of making spot visits but without taking either the panel head or the officials with them. \"Why is this tolerated? Also why are they allowed to take important files home?\" he asked.BJP members grabbed the opportunity and cornered the ruling Congress and JD(S) over this. However, Devaraj maintained his tough stand and asked where was the file related to construction of multi-storied apartment block in Jayalakshmipuram? At this point, an angry mayor adjourned the House and withdrew to her chamber. The BJP members shouted slogans against the administration and later staged a dharna in front of the mayor's chamber.The members then ventured inside the mayor's chamber and raised slogans. Rajeshwari then shot back saying: \"Why are you asking me about the files? If you have the nerve, question the commissioner? Why cannot you do that?\" According to her, she has neither kept any files nor has she taken any of the important files home. \"It is the commissioner who does that, but the members are targeting me,\" she asserted.Following the intervention of corporators, she reconvened the House. Devaraj then apologized to the mayor saying he did not accuse her and asked her not to take the issues raised personally.Ravi clarified to the House that the standing committee members can ask for any files and keep them for 15 days. \"Earlier, the members got them directly from the section heads, which I've streamlined by channeling them through my office. Even the mayor is following it,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421286", "title": "Bhujbal family assets value jumped 100 times in 3 years: BJP leader", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP leader and former MP Kirit Somaiya on Thursday launched a fresh attack on senior NCP leader and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family. Somaiya alleged that Bhujbal family's net worth jumped 100 times in the last three years and has demanded an open probe into the enormous rise in the assets value.Somaiya said that during the 2009 polls, Bhujbal, his son Pankaj and nephew Samir, in their election affidavit, disclosed the value of their family assets as Rs 21 crore. Three years on, the balance sheet of the companies owned by the Bhujbal clan is worth around Rs 2,100 crore. \"Bhujbal should make the money multiplying formula public to help the poor become rich in a short span,\" said Somaiya, adding, \"If Bhujbal is unwilling to reveal the reasons for the rise in his assets value, the DF government should probe it. The ACB is waiting for a nod from the chief minister's office for an open inquiry against Bhujbal. The rise in the assets value too should be investigated.\"Refuting the allegations, Bhujbal said, \"For the past few months, Somaiya has been making allegations against me and my family. The charges levelled against the Bhujbal family on Thursday are not new. In recent the past, the BJP leader has made similar baseless allegations. If Somaiya has the details of the rise in the assets value, then he should forward it to the income-tax department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "director", "code": "17426896", "title": "'Talaash': subtle suspense, tame thriller", "text": "Director: Reema Kagti Cast: Aamir Khan, Kareena Kapoor , Rani MukherjiTalaash , as is common knowledge, is a suspense film but isn't supported with the complementing thriller genre. While it certainly is a who-dun-it, it isn't essentially an edge-of-the-seat experience. Director Reema Kagti intentionally chooses this treatment tone to lend individuality to the murder mystery. But the cinematic gratification is largely subjective.The film starts with a car bumping off into the sea leading to the death of a film actor. What seems like a random road accident takes the shape of a murder mystery with Inspector Shekhawat (Aamir Khan) investigating the case. In personal life, Shekhawat is unable to come to terms with the untimely death of his son, for whom he holds himself responsible, thereby leading to a strained relationship with his wife (Rani Mukherji). Meanwhile he comes across Rosy (Kareena Kapoor), a sex worker who helps him make way into the case.While the film gets to the point from the opening sequence, it takes its own sweet time to build up the suspense behind the case. Initially you don't care much about the case because both, the victim and the usual suspects, do not revolve anywhere around the central cast. Furthermore as the mystery unveils, the identity of the perpetrators is, in a way, made apparent to the audience. So the sense of suspense (so significant for this genre) seems sporadically suspended. Until when a final revelation is made, overpowering the intermediate conspiracy.The basic narrative essentially involves two fundamental tracks - Shekhawat's professional investigation (murder of the filmstar) and his personal exploration (death of his son). While one expects the two tracks to contribute or correlate with each other to make it seem like one whole story, they run in parallel and largely stay independent of each other. They only connect in the epilogue where one is employed for the resolution of other.Director Reema Kagti designs Talaash as a subtle suspense drama. There are no dramatic entries, no stylized action and mercifully even item numbers are avoided (despite the looming red-light area backdrop). Kagti doesn't restrict her film as a mechanical crime investigative flick but works towards adding a human touch to the drama. While that works occasionally, you certainly are in no mood to see Shekhawat suggesting rehabilitation to Rosy with banal lines like ' yeh jagah tumhare liye nahi hai '. It just doesn't go in sync with the genre. Also the long-drawn-out bonding track between Aamir and Kareena in the second half just adds to tedium. Somewhere around this time, you just don't know where the film is heading towards.While the pacing is intentionally slow, the writing by Zoya Akhtar and Reema Kagti is crisp and leaves behind enough join-the-dots clues to tease the perceptive viewer when the climactic disclosure happens. But a major letdown is that at its pinnacle, the film derives heavily from the Hollywood flick The Sixth Sense (1999). So even if the suspense might have not been predictable, there is a sense of betrayal. For loyal fans of the genre, the M Night Shyamalan film is a cult, thereby making the concluding shocker lead to a been-there-seen-that effect.Aamir Khan is resourcefully restrained and is persuasive in his multifaceted character. While he is a commanding cop at work, he is a vulnerable man at home. Rani Mukherji is poised in her portrayal of a woman who has come out of a personal tragedy yet made to believe she is locked in it. She is wonderful in that one scene where she confronts her husband. Kareena Kapoor, despite the deliberate garish look, has an appeal but seems to be in the Chameli character hangover. Nonetheless she doesn't disappoint. Nawazuddin Siddiqui as the limp pimp is perfect in his part. Rajkumar Yadav makes for a convincing subordinate cop to Aamir.There are some mystery elements in Talaash that will fascinate you even more on second viewing as you would be able to notice the finer nuances in the bigger scheme of things. However the bigger question is would you have the patience and proclivity to sit through the film again? Nevertheless, if you are not searching for the finest suspense film ever, Talaash is a good one-time watch!Verdict: Good", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423221", "title": "Honeymoon for hotels in Ludhiana", "text": "AHMEDABAD: On Thursday, Ahmedabad-based consultant Vishal Patel was looking to book a hotel room for a client from Gurgaon. He couldn't find a single vacant one, despite willingness to shell out a premium. Luxury hotels in Ahmedabad have registered 100% occupancy over the last week, thanks to the wedding season and business conferences. There will be close to 2,500 weddings and a large number of conferences over the next two months.Hoteliers are not surprised by the demand and expect roaring business till January 2013.Umesh Tiwari, general manager, Fortune Landmark, said, \"We have been totally sold out for all 95 rooms till November 30, for the wedding season and then again after December 2, there are corporate bookings for medical conferences in the city. About 25 rooms are occupied by foreign nationals, which is a major increase over last year.\"The supply of branded hotel rooms in Ahmedabad has seen an 11% increase in the last 12 months, says research by global hospitality services consultant HVS. Total room inventory in Ahmedabad across all categories-budget, mid-scale and up-scale segment- is approximately 1,975 rooms.Ranganath Budumooru, general manager at the newly opened Holiday Inn Express , has also seen an influx of booking requests from non-resident Gujaratis (NRGs) and corporate houses with the hotel being fully occupied at various intervals till January end. The hotel, which announced a discounted price for the first six months, has almost doubled its tariff on spot bookings to cash in on the boom.Apart from conferences like Sparkle International 2013, Gujarat Specialty Chemicals Conclave, a national conference on 'Indian Medical Devices &amp; Plastics Disposables Industry 2013', the Global Maritime Annual Conference, to name a few, election tourism is also generating a lot of interest.Divyanshu Sharma, executive assistant manager, St Laurn, said, \"We saw 100% occupancy since November 22, which is expected to go down by December 10 and rise again in January. There will also be a lot of media movement in the first and second week but that would hardly affect occupancy.\"At hotels like Ramada, Radisson Blu and Pride, among others, there is 100% occupancy without a great increase in tariffs. About 15% of guests in most of these are foreign nationals, said industry sources.The hotel industry in Gujarat took a beating in the first quarter this year. Due to the slowdown, there were fewer tourists and business travellers. Rising room inventory in the form of new hotels also squared off demand. According to Federation of Hotel &amp; Restaurant Associations of India, close to 2,000 more rooms will be added this year in Ahmedabad, with over eight hotels opening up in the next three months.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "behrampore", "code": "17421503", "title": "Mukul Roy, Subhendu take on Adhir in Cong stronghold", "text": "BEHRAMPORE: Addressing a gathering of more than 10,000 at Congress stronghold Kandi, Seeing nearly more than 10,000 workers, Trinamool's all-India general secretary Mukul Roy threw a challenge before Union minister Adhir Chowdhury to prove his courage and honesty.\"If Chowdhury has courage and honesty, why doesn't he resign from the MP post and try his luck at Behrampore again?\" Roy asked, adding that post he can prove his power by resigning from MP post and rewinning from Behrampore.Because, They are saying we have won with help of alliance, we do not believe in treachery so Humayun Kabir resigned from MLA at first and then joined T.M.C.Trinamool does not like backdoor policy. \"We challenge, we would re-elect Humayun in the Reginagar by-polls.\"He also said: \"Congress cannot force us to stick to their government as there is no CBI or 2G case against us. Nobody can raise corruption charges against our party. We never took any hit on our image during our 3 years' presence at the Centre and one-and-a-half-years in the state. I am happy to see such huge gathering. Once there was a time nobody dared to say words against Chowdhury or work for any opposition party. None of our party members are accused in double murder case. And police never recovered illegal arms from us. I never travelled to Calcutta high court to secure a bail in a double murder case.\" needed to get bail from Kolkata high court for murder case.'Making the party's views clear on the railway projects in the state, Roy said that all the projects in Bengal would be completed. \"How can Chowdhury raise questions over viability of projects in the state?\"On being asked about the row involving senior leader Sobhandeb Chattopadhyay, Roy said: \"I have talked to him. He is our senior leader. There is no need to worry about him. He is loyal to the party.\"Subhendu Adhikary, who also attended the rally, alleged that the CPM has now become the B-team of Congress. 'earlier time congress was B team of CPM , now CPM has become congress's B-team. Ask why Murshidabad is so backward after 64 years of independence? Residents of Murshidabad has always blessed congress and even last two terms 3 congress M.P.s were elected and one become top central minister, but did nothing. Here, we fight against Left Front and congress at the same time as congress sabotaged by filing independent candidates at three seats.'Forward bloc's former district president Bibekanda Mishra and AICC member Ranjan Bhattacharya and 10 panchayt members, one panchayat pradhan joined TMC from congress and CPM today.Answering to reporters Roy said 'chowdhury has become minister for hardly 6 months, why he is raising questions about viability of railway projects for the state, every projects would be completed in Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "17422294", "title": "Better facilities for visitors at Srirangam this Ekadasi", "text": "TRICHY: This year, it is going to be a great challenge to control the crowd as Ekadasi, the opening of the heavenly gates in Srirangam, coincides with Christmas. As a result, the temple management has, to start with, suspended the issuance of VIP passes that was misused in previous years. However, the joint commissioner in charge of the temple, Kalyani, said badges would be issued to dignitaries.District collector Jayashree Muralidharan has proposed the idea of constructing toilets inside the temple premises as in Tirupathi as older people had to wait for hours together to get the darshan of Sri Ranganathaswamy. The chairman of the board of trustees, R Seshasayee, has promised to take the idea forward and do the needful without upsetting the time-honoured traditions.Jayashree has also instructed the police to issue vehicle passes to residents who live in the vicinity of the temple as traffic would be closed between December 23 and 25 from the Ammamandapam Road.At the first round of consultations with all stakeholders, the collector gave a dressing down to BSNL which was more interested in selling simcards rather than providing telecom connectivity to people. \"Since we all use BSNL, this is a must,\" Jayashree told a BSNL representative.Since private vehicles will not be allowed beyond the start of Ammamandapam Road, Trichy East MLA Manoharan mooted the idea of the state transport offering free service to devotees from Ammamandapam to Tiruvanaikovil, the loop that intersects the Rajagopuram, the grand entrance to the temple.State transport corporation's Trichy-based general manager N Pasupathy told TOI that the request for free rides was received at his office, and would be implemented with the help of a willing sponsor.Another first this year would be the round-the-clock Annadhanam which would be extended to another 3,000 people a day, taking the total to 5,000 beneficiaries on a given day. Moreover, the coconut leaf thatching would be replaced with tin sheds to avoid risk of fire. The Electricity Board has assured that despite frequent unscheduled shutdowns, the temple would get uninterrupted power supply during the crucial three days of the festival and workers would be deployed at the transformers round-the-clock.The deputy police commissioner (Traffic and Crime) S Selvakumar who took over a couple of months ago, said he was himself caught in the crowd last year and as a result had to beat a hasty retreat from the temple. \"This year we will provide security with a 3,000-strong force and I will instruct them to deal with the public with kindness,\" he said.Corporation commissioner Dhandapani was asked to remove roadside flower sellers from Sathaara Street and shunt them to the authorized market place that had been exclusively constructed but lying idle for more than 15 months now.Extraordinary precautions are necessary as Srirangam was the scene of a major fire tragedy in which 64 people including a bridegroom were killed by a lethal blaze that devastated a marriage hall eight years ago. \"But our Ranganathaswamy will save us all as always,\" said the district collector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421015", "title": "Power defaulters beat up, abduct electricity department official", "text": "LUCKNOW: A sub-divisional official of Lucknow Electricity Supply Administartion (Lesa) was beaten up and abducted from his office on Thursday evening, allegedly for delay in restoration of power supply after paying dues. Electricity authority Ramavtar was thrashed by Varun Chaturvedi along with his four aides after being taken to their shop forcibly from LESA's sector-VI Jankipuram division office.Lesa had disconnected electric supply to one of the commercial complexes in the area due to non-payment of Rs 1.72 lakh. The Chaturvedi brothers had deposited the money and asked the LESA official to restore supply. The tiff took place as there was delay in restoration. Instead of requesting the official or complaining to his higher ups, the power consumers chose to take law in their hand and thrashed the government official on duty, said the police. A junior official had already been sent to the complex to restore connection, maintained Lesa officials. Chaturvedi allegedly barged inside Ramavtar's office and assaulted him physically before dragging him to his office in his Tata Safari (UP 32 - DT 7281). Ramavtar was bashed up by several others.Some 100-odd Lesa employees reached the spot and staged a protest against the unruly behaviour. The police registered a first information report and arrested the four. Another LESA employee, an executive engineer, was manhandled on Wednesday in Aminabad area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423199", "title": "Two-wheelers charred in Shahpur", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Residents of Vanmali ni Pol in Shahpur woke on Thursday morning to find vehicles in the area burnt. A Shahpur police team rushed to the spot, fearing arson. However, investigators now believe the incident could have been caused by stray firecrackers.According to police, Rajesh Patel, a resident of Ganesh no Khancho in the pol told city police control room that his bike had been burnt outside his home, along with two other vehicles, on Thursday.\"Two bikes and a scooter were burnt in the incident. All of these vehicles had been parked close together. We asked forensic experts to investigate and they said there are no traces of fuels such as kerosene or petrol on the outside of the vehicles. We thus believe that the fire could have been started after the fuel line on one vehicle caught fire from a firecracker lit nearby. It was Dev Diwali on Wednesday and crackers were burst in the pol,\" said a Shahpur police official.Officials added that further investigation is underway to ascertain if the fire was indeed arson by miscreants.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422540", "title": "FTII announces students' film fest", "text": "PANAJI: In order to encourage student filmmakers, the film and television institute of India (FTII), Pune, along with the Satyjit Ray film and television institute, has announced a Students' film festival as well as the Students film awards, to commemorate the centenary year of Indian cinema.The initiative will also involve the directorate of film festivals and the union ministry of information and broadcasting.Announcing the initiative, D J Narain, director of FTII, said, \"We are doing something that is exclusively focused on students from across the country.\"He said that this is the first time a film festival was being held as well as awards given to students. Narain said that \"students from any school or college with film as part of the curriculum will be eligible to participate.\"Three categories-short, fiction, non-fiction and animation have been created.Fiction and non-fiction films will have two sub-categories of up to 10 minutes and those above 10 minutes up to 30 minutes. Animation would be a single category of up to 30 minutes.Entries will have to be entered by the institution and the films will have to be made after January 1, 2011. Individual entries will not be entertained and every institution can submit 12 entries, said Narain.He said prize money would be 1 lakh in each category, as well as special awards and merit certificates. The last date for submission of entries is January 15, 2013. Though exact dates are yet to be finalized, the film festival will be held before May 2013, Narain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423245", "title": "Cable TV to go digital in Chennai as high court refuses relief", "text": "CHENNAI: The Tamil Nadu government and local cable television operators failed in their bid to get the deadline for digitization of TV signals extended for Chennai with the Madras high court refusing to give any further relief. The court had already extended the deadline till November 19 though the mandatory digitization regime was to come into force in the four metros - Delhi, Mumbai, Kolkata and Chennai - from October 31.Based on a petition filed by cable TV operators, the court first extended the deadline to November 5. Since then it was periodically extended till November 19, when the single judge felt the matter should be treated as a PIL and heard by a division bench. On Thursday, a bench comprising Justice Elipe Dharma Rao and Justice S Rajeswaran said it would not extend the deadline further as the interim order had lapsed on November 19 itself.Senior central government standing counsel Haja Mohideen Gisthi said now that the deadline has not been extended, the Centre would implement the digitization process in Chennai at the earliest.Earlier, the state-owned Tamil Nadu Arasu Cable TV Corporation Limited filed a counter-affidavit seeking extension of the deadline up to March 31, 2013. The corporation's general manager N Varadhan submitted that it was taking steps to digitize cable TV services in Chennai, and that it has already floated tenders for the purpose. Noting that the cable operators registered with the corporation have requested for about 9.4 lakh set-top boxes (STBs), he said the supplier has said they would require about 18 weeks to supply 10 lakh STBs.\"It is necessary to extend the deadline for digitization in Chennai up to March 31, 2013, due to non-availability of STBs. Extension of time was required not only for the Arasu Corporation but also for all other multi-system operators.\" Assailing the Centre's assessment that 11.06 lakh homes in Chennai would require STBs, the corporation said the Chennai Metropolitan Area now comprised large chunks of residential colonies in Kancheepuram and Tiruvallur districts as well. The area has an estimated 22 lakh homes that should be covered by the digitization scheme, the court said.Meanwhile, the Chennai Cable Television Operators Association filed a petition amending its original prayer. Now it has questioned the validity of the central notifications dated November 11, 2011 and June 21, 2012 making digitization of cable TV services mandatory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421150", "title": "Mystery shrouds death of 72-year-old businessman", "text": "NEW DELHI: The death of a 72-year-old businessman in Paharganj in central Delhi has sent police into a tizzy. Harjinder Singh Ahwal, co-owner of a huge property here, had gone to a jagran on Tuesday night and not returned.On Wednesday morning, his body was found on the stairs of his home with prima facie evidence suggesting that he suffered a heart attack, slipped and took a fall. The deceased's two children and wife, settled in the US, were informed by Delhi Police and their opinion sought for a post-mortem.However, an email changed the course of the investigation. By Wednesday evening, the area station house owner received two emails signed by his 'son' seeking quick possession of the body. The SHO soon found out that Harjinder's son Deepender Singh had never written these mails. On being informed, the family's relatives from Punjab contacted Delhi Police and requested them to preserve the body till their arrival.When contacted, additional commissioner of police (central) Devesh Srivastav said, \"Orders have been issued that no one will be handed the body until all family members arrive. Only Deepender Singh or Harjinder's wife Surinder Kaur may receive the body,\" he said. Police added that the initial calls informing them about Harjinder's death were made by his nephew.\"Harjinder was staying with his brother for the past two decades. We believe something is amiss as property dealers were harassing Harjinder to make him sell off his property. A close family member was also involved,\" Colonel GS Sidhu, a retired army officer who is also a close relative of Harjinder, said.Police will visit Harjinder's residence and record statements of all occupants. We will also speak to his son, wife and daughter Navneet. Based on our investigations and the post-mortem, we may even file a case,\" an officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17421521", "title": "Savita Halappanavar's family to take case to European court of human rights", "text": "LONDON: The husband of Savita Halappanavar will proceed with an application to the European court of human rights after Irish health minister did not agree for a public inquiry into the circumstances leading to her death.According to the Irish Times, Praveen Halappanavar's solicitor Gerard O'Donnell said he was identifying a team of junior and senior counsel for the action because health minister James Reilly did not agree to a public inquiry into the circumstances of her death.\"I expect to sit down with them and my client early next week to draw up papers to submit to the European court\".Praveen has said the two inquiries established into his wife's death did not satisfy him or her family.The first was set up by the HSE (Health and Security Executive), while a second, by the Health Information and Quality Authority (Hiqa), while separate to the former, was instigated at the HSE's request. Both will be held in private.O'Donnell said the family had received offers of support from women's and human rights groups across the world in his quest for a public inquiry into her death.Savita died on October 28 at Galway University Hospital, having presented a week earlier with back pain. She had been 17 weeks pregnant and was found to be miscarrying.Praveen has said she asked repeatedly for a termination of the pregnancy but was refused and was told the foetal heartbeat was still present and \"this is a Catholic country\".The miscarriage lasted from October 21 until 24, according to Praveen. His wife contracted septicaemia and died on October 28.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426989", "title": "K-Stew reveals bra in see-through top", "text": "Kristen Stewart revealed more than she bargained for, as she flashed her black bra through a sheer white shirt at the Variety Awards Studio in Los Angeles on Wednesday.The 22-year-old actress completed her look with a loose pair of plaid pants, the New York Post reported.Stewart opted for see-through ensembles at both the London and Hollywood premieres of Twilight Saga: Breaking Dawn Part 2 .The Variety symposium brought celebs together to talk about their on-screen projects.Stewart was among the many stars who attended, including her On the Road co-star Garrett Hedlund .Elle Fanning , Leslie Mann , Rosemarie DeWitt , Michael Pea and Kerry Washington also attended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17423258", "title": "If investigation is held, govt will fall: Source", "text": "MUMBAI: The white paper on irrigation has not named ministers and bureaucrats, as expected. A source said that if a judicial inquiry was held, the government would fall. As reported by TOI on Thursday, the paper justifies project cost escalations, blaming them on delays in relief and rehabilitation, land acquisition and environmental clearances.Debunking the claim that Rs 70,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects in the past ten years, the document puts the figure at just Rs 42,000 crore. The paper, prepared by the state water resources department, claims that of this amount, Rs 30,000 crore was spent towards relief and rehabilitation; Rs 5,000 crore is shown under administrative expenses. The paper adds that over 30% of the relief and rehabilitation cost went towards projects that are yet to be completed. It is pertinent to note that departments controlled by the Congress are responsible for relief and rehabilitation and land acquisition.The paper says 69 ongoing mega projects and 189 medium projects were taken up under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) and bore approvals of the Central Water Commission and the Planning Commission. It says the central agencies ratified the cost escalations.The paper says the scheduled rates for materials used by the department while awarding contracts were lower than those used for similar projects in other states and also less than rates used by other agencies in Maharashtra like the PWD and the MMRDA.The paper says the scope of project work was often increased after local political demands. It gives details like original cost, and escalations and their reasons for projects.Of the state's 226 lakh hectares of cultivable land, the paper says irrigated land increased by 12.47 lakh hectares\u00e2\u20ac\u201dfrom 17.08 to 29.55 lakh hectares; irrigation potential rose by 28%. The cropped irrigated area (the ratio of irrigation potential generation to land under irrigation) grew by 5.17% during the ten-year period. As per the economic status report (ESR), the cropped irrigated area rose by 0.1% during this period (from 17.8% to 17.9%).The paper refuted allegations that the department created liabilities of Rs 70,000 crore. It said projects worth Rs 80,000 crore were in the pipeline, but liabilities were booked for only Rs 35,000 crore. The paper says projects with less than 25% work completed will be suspended for now.Times viewWhite paper a political exercise to buy peace between Congress and NCPThe white paper, from whatever details are available, seems to be an exercise aimed at glossing over and justifying serious charges of corruption. For those who expected the white paper to reveal a lot, it will come as an exercise in futility. But it will serve to buy peace, temporarily, between the Congress and the NCP and come as a breather for ministers and babus under a cloud.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426031", "title": "Imam should win Bigg Boss 6: Shakti Kapoor", "text": "Imam Siddique might have made surviving a difficult question for many inmates in Bigg Boss house, but he has a strong supporter outside.Shakti Kapoor , who has witnessed the controversial house in the past claims that Imam is honest and a true contender to win the Bigg Boss khitab .\" Bigg Boss 6 has become interesting after Imam Siddique's entry on the show. He is great and intelligent so its fun watching the show,\" said Shakti.On being asked about his favorite on Bigg Boss 6 , Shakti claims Imam has the potential to win the reality show. \"Imam should win as he not just straight forward, but very talented guy,\" concluded Shakti.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17428151", "title": "Derailment hinders movement of trains", "text": "KANPUR: Several trains on the Delhi-Howrah train route were reported running much behind schedule on Thursday following derailment of two wagons of a goods train near Panki railway station. The incident took place when the goods train was coming on the main line from Petroleum Siding late on Wednesday evening. The derailment damaged the electricity pole connected with overhead equipment line, bringing the movement of the trains to a complete standstill at Rura, Panki, and Jhinjhak railway stations. Primary investigations have revealed that a defect in the railway track led to the accident. Though the down track of the train route had been opened up late on Wednesday night, many trains were running at just 10kmph speed on Thursday. The speed of more than 50 trains took a beating due to derailment incident as a result of which they were arriving late at the railway platforms. The trains that were affected due to derailment and reached Kanpur Central late included Gomti Express, Licchavi Express, Mathura-Patna Express, Awadh Express, Sangam Express, Ajmer Sealdah Express, Shramshakti Express, Agra Intercity Express, Delhi-Lucknow Swarnshatabdi Express, Seemanchal Express, Sampark Kranti Express, Brahamputra Express, and Farraka Express to name a few. While Gomti Express reached Kanpur Central late by 7 hours, Licchavi arrived 12 hours late. Mathura-Patna Express and Sangam Express were late by 7 hours each. Ajmer Sealdah Express arrived late by 12 hours. Shramshakti reached Kanpur at 1 pm instead of 6.30 am. Swarnshatabdi Express arrived at 4.30 pm instead of 11.15 am. Meanwhile, the late arrival of the trains left the passengers stranded at Kanpur Central railway station. A number of passengers also got their tickets cancelled. Sandesh Gupta, one of the passengers who was travelling in Seemanchal Express informed that his train was halted at every station or its outer while it was on its way to Kanpur Central. It was because of this reason that the train reached Kanpur Central very late and he along with his co-passengers had to spend several hours 'trapped' inside the train. Talking to TOI, Sandeep Mathur, chief public relations officer, North Central Railways (NCR) said that due to overhead equipment line pole getting damaged on the main line during the derailment of the goods train on Wednesday evening, a block had to be taken in Panki for getting the damaged pole replaced. It was because of this reason that the trains had to be halted or made to run at 20 kmph speed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421427", "title": "Facebook arrests: Maharashtra to close case against Palghar girls", "text": "MUMBAI: The state home department has asked the police to file a closure report in the Palghar Facebook case involving the two girls who were arrested after they posted comments that Shiv Sainiks found objectionable.\"The local police will follow legal procedures and will be filing the C Summary report before the court. It will be then up to the court to decide the next course of action,\" state director-general of police Sanjeev Dayal said on Thursday.State police officials said Palghar police had been asked to initiate the legal process that would end in closing the case and local cops said they would soon file the closure report in court. A closure report is usually filed by police in a court when investigators conclude that no case is made out against the accused.The police action follows a series of TOI reports and a build-up of public opinion against the arrest of Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Srinivasan and the vandalization of Dhada's uncle's clinic, allegedly by Shiv Sena supporters. The director-general's office took the decision after seeking legal opinion from the law and judiciary department on the issue, officials said.The latest action follows the suspension of two police officers, and the transfer of the judicial magistrate who first heard the case.The case was then transferred to the Boisar police.Boisar police await written orderOfficials said police would file a summary report in court, stating whether the case filed was true or false, and added the entire process could take between 10 and 15 days. Officials said Dayal had directed the Boisar police against filing a chargesheet against the girls. Boisar cops are awaiting a written order from their higher-ups before approaching the Palghar sessions court for closure of the case.Deputy superintendent of police, Boisar, Vijay Sagar, the new investigating officer of the case, said the local unit was yet to get a written order.Shaheen and her friend Rinu were initially arrested after the former posted a comment on the shutdown of Mumbai on the day Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray was cremated at Shivaji Park. Srinivasan paid the price for liked and sharing Dhada's comment. The girls were detained at the police station on the night of November 18 and arrested the next day after cops bowed to pressure from the local Shiv Sena unit.Both Dhada and Srinivasan have already petitioned the Palghar court to exempt them from weekly appearance at Palghar police station, the condition on which they were given bail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17420965", "title": "Four deaths rock Lucknow", "text": "LUCKNOW: Four deaths were reported in the city. Pappu Maurya, a father of five daughters was found dead in the fields in Banthara while a carpenter named Rajkumar ended his life in Thakurganj.Maurya's body was found by his brother on Thursday morning. Maurya was a drunkard and had no injury marks present on his body.In another incident, a young man lost his life in a road accident in Para. Ramesh Yadav (35) was heading towards his farm, when a light commercial motor vehicle hit him on Mohan road.Moreover, a body of unidentified woman was found near railway tracks in Daliganj area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422205", "title": "Law-wary jallikattu organizers start early", "text": "MADURAI: It is too early for bulls to sharpen their horns or for youth to prune their taming skills. However, wary after last year's court battles and campaigns by animal rights activists, jallikattu organisers have started early to prepare for the annual event, much ahead of the Pongal season when it is scheduled.Local body representatives from Alanganallur, the most famous of jallikattus, have approached the district administration seeking permission to conduct the event on January 16 next year in their village. The organisers are concerned that there should not be a repeat of 2012 when uncertainty prevailed until three days prior to the scheduled date for conduct of the event. Last season, the Madurai bench of Madras high court gave the green signal as late on January 12 and events were held at Avaniapuram, Palamedu and Alanaganallur on January 15, 16 and 17 respectively.\"There was undue delay in obtaining permission to conduct jalikattu last year and only after intervention of the high court were we able to conduct the event. We could not make proper arrangements and there was trouble in registering the bulls and participants. The ground was prepared and double barricades were put up hastily. This year, we want the event to be organized properly. Hence, a petition has been submitted to the district collector,'' said Sholavandan MLA M V Karuppiah, under whose constituency Alanganallur falls.Though more than 1,000 bulls used to participate in Alanganallur jallikattu, the number fell to 440 last year due to delays in the registration procedures and medical check- ups. Besides Madurai, they were brought from Sivaganga, Dindigul, Theni and Trichy. An equal number of youth from these districts also participated in the event.Palamedu is also gearing up for the event. \"Every year we are forced to knock the court doors to conduct the event. But the popularity of the event is only rising. We have also decided to seek the district administration permission to ensure that the event is organised well this year,'' said Narayansamy, president of Palamedu panchayat.Animal Welfare Board of India staunchly opposes the event on the charge that bulls are not treated well. However, the state government submitted an affidavit in the high court on January 30 that no bulls were injured in the event.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424135", "title": "MCG chief vows to rid city of polythene bags", "text": "GURGAON: The newly appointed municipal commissioner has begun his drive to rid the city of polythene bags. After meeting the officials of Ambience Mall - the biggest in the city - the commissioner claimed that the mall would be absolutely polythene-free in one month. He also asked the mall authorities to provide paper and jute bags as an alternative and said that soon a fine will be collected from those who use plastic bags in tune with the court order. The drive will be carried out in other city malls as well.\"Before we start penalizing the customers for carrying plastic bags we should provide an alternative. All the shopowners in Ambience Mall have already been issued a circular stating that they will have to stop using polythene bags in the next 30 days and start giving paper or jute bags to the customers. The plastic bags are not only harmful for the environment but also choke the sewers. I want to replicate the drive that I started in Panipat,\" said V S Dahiya, commissioner, MCG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428175", "title": "Ravi Teja's Saroccharu to be wrapped up", "text": "Mass Raja Raviteja-starrer Saroccharu shall wrap up its entire shooting on Friday. Production sources say that the entire shooting part of the film has been completed and the post production works will now make a move on. The audio release date of Saroccharu will be announced shortly.Ravi Teja will be seen in the role of a football coach based in Ooty while romancing Kajal Aggarwal and Richa Gangopadhyay in this film. Parasuram is directing this romantic entertainer, which is produced by Priyanka Dutt under Vyjayanthi Movies banner. Devi Sri Prasad is rendering the music. This is the second time Ravi Teja and Parasuram are coming together after Anjaneyulu.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "malappuram", "code": "17422039", "title": "SMS row, a student's revenge", "text": "MALAPPURAM: A class X student of Sullamussalam Higher Secondary School, Areekode, has confessed that he had initiated an SMS campaign against K Jameela, mathematics teacher at the school, to take revenge on her for taking strict steps against malpractices during the SSLC exams last year when she was the examination superintendent.Jameela, now under suspension for not wearing green overcoat in classrooms as directed by the school authorities, had approached the police cyber cell last month alleging that SMSs with offensive content are being circulated among teachers, staff and students of the school.The Areekode police had interrogated five former class X students of the school and teachers in the past two days, besides collecting the call and SMS details of mobile phones of students and teachers with the help of its cyber cell. \"We have not yet got any clue about the direct involvement of any teacher or employee of the school in circulating the SMS against Jameela,\" sub inspector T Manoharan said.In her complaint, Jameela had alleged that a group of teachers in the school was behind the incident. She said these teachers were trying to stall her promotion as headmistress using students and alleged that the green coat controversy was also a part of the management's move to deny her promotion.Jameela was suspended by the school management on October 20 for not wearing the mandatory green overcoat during duty hours, following which she moved the women's commission and the state human rights commission. Deputy director of education (Malappuram) K C Gopi is probing the issue.The police have, meanwhile, decided not take the student behind the SMS controversy into custody. They said further action would be taken only after collecting more evidence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422876", "title": "Forms available from December 5", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Admission registration forms will be available free of cost in all government schools from December 5 onwards.Strawberry Fields World School registration form for general category can be downloaded from its website. A duly-filled form must be submitted in the school office from December 5 to 15 between 10am and 12 noon. Registration form for EWS category can be procured from the school office between December 5 and 15. Here, children born between April 1, 2007, and March 31, 2008, are eligible for admission to KG class. Total number of seats in the school is 160.In AKSIPS schools, admission for 60 pre-nursery seats (in each of its schools) will be done on first-come-first-serve basis. If need be, draw of lots for both, general and EWS categories will be conducted on January 19.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patna/araria", "code": "17424225", "title": "Rare surgery at Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences", "text": "PATNA/ARARIA: In a rare, first-of-its-kind surgery in the state, a three-month-old baby girl, Pallavi, was on Thursday operated at the Indira Gandhi Institute of Medical Sciences (IGIMS) here for 'Foetus in fetu', an abnormality in which a mass tissue resembling a foetus forms inside the body.'Foetus in fetu', resembling a malformed foetus, is estimated to occur in 1 in 500,000 live births. It contains or appears to contain complete organ system, even major body parts such as torso or limbs.A team of doctors led by Dr Bindey Kumar and assisted by Dr Vineet Thakur performed the surgery on the baby. Daughter of Ganga Prasad and Manju Devi, the baby girl belongs to village Bankora under Jokihat block in Araria district.Talking to TOI, Dr Thakur said, \"The baby had developed teratoma (a kind of tumour) formed by different types of tissues. These are unorganized cells. Though, teratomas in newborns are generally benign, they can be malignant depending on the maturity and other types of cells involved. Malignant teratomas tend to grow aggressively and spread to other parts of the body.\"The teratoma was progressively increasing in size, Dr Thakur said. As the baby's abdomen became large due to the tumour, Pallavi was experiencing acute pain in abdomen and trouble in breathing. Left untreated, it could have caused internal bleeding leading to the patient's death. After preliminary investigations in Purnia, the baby was referred to IGIMS.Dr Thakur said it took two hours to remove the tumour, which weighed 1.3kg while the baby's weight was 5kg. \"Pallavi is stable now and out of danger. However, she will remain in neonatal ICU for another 3-4 days,\" he said.A few days back, Pallavi's parents had met the Araria DM seeking monetary assistance for her treatment. Moved by their poverty and the plight of the baby, the DM had asked the district programme manager of the District Health Society, Araria to contact the PRO of IGIMS, Patna and seek an estimate for the surgery. The DM had told TOI that he would write to the principal secretary, health, and request him to include such cases for providing government assistance.After being referred by the Purnia Sadar Hospital, Pallavi had been taken to the IGIMS, Patna, where her parents were asked to deposit a sum of Rs 10,000 for admission and a sum of Rs 22,000 for conducting different types of clinical tests. They were also told that a sum of Rs 1.5 lakh would be needed for conducting operation to save the baby's life. The crestfallen parents returned to Araria and met the DM at his Janata Darbar for financial assistance.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425911", "title": "I was never considered for 'Hate Story' sequel: Paoli", "text": "Contrary to reports, Paoli Dam has not been replaced by actor Surveen Chawla in Hate Story 2.\"Firstly, there was no plan to make a sequel. Vikram Bhatt only decided to make it once Hate Story became a hit. Secondly, I had never considered for the role as my character had died in Hate Story. Also, every sequel doesn't need to have the same cast,\" she said, adding that the storyline of the two movies are also different as the sequel is not an erotic thriller.Ask her if she has met Surveen till date and she says, \"I have not. But I am sure she must be good if Vikram has considered her for the role.\"The actor \u00e2\u20ac\u201d who is in Goa at present as her film Elar Char Adhyay is being screaned at IFFI \u00e2\u20ac\u201d is a part of Bhatt's next film Ankur Arora Murder Case, which will release in February. She plays Kajoli Sen, an advocate in the medical thriller which is inspired from a true story.The film also stars Kay Kay Menon, Arjun Mathur and Tisca Chopra. \"I have lots on my hand as I have to finish the rest of the schedule of the movie,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422560", "title": "SP sees promotion quota as tool to counter law and order woes", "text": "NEW DELHI: Samajwadi Party reckons it has found in \"promotion quota\" a strong issue to neutralize the drop in the party's goodwill on law and order front in Uttar Pradesh.The party has vowed to keep opposing the quota move that BSP has made its signature issue since the monsoon session and has threatened to raise it at every possible opportunity. The Samajwadi leadership has concluded that \"reservation\" has strong appeal among the upper caste-OBC bloc, especially government employees and youngsters.Crucially, SP feels the contentious quota policy has the potential to distract people from the negatives of Akhilesh Yadav government that is facing a serious test on law and order, and communal fronts. While the party hoped that mid-term polls would help it ride the honeymoon period of the assembly triumph, UPA's survival has put it in search of new issues.While Samajwadis are drawing criticism for their stance, party leaders said they were not worried about \"non-political\" comments since they were focused on the 2014 battle.Strategists argue that 'promotion quota' hits at the career prospects of non-SC/ST employees and ranks on top of variables that influence the voting preferences of upper castes and OBCs. \"We are gaining every time we are seen on TV opposing the quota proposal,\" claimed an SP leader.The aggression from Mulayam Singh Yadav has raised prospects of an extended clash in Rajya Sabha that has BSP supremo Mayawati and SP leader Ramgopal Yadav as members. Sources did not rule out continued disruptions despite the compromise struck by the opposition and the government on the stalemate over FDI in retail.\"If BSP raises the issue, we will have to oppose it,\" a parliamentary party leader said, recalling how the parties clashed even at the all-party meeting called by the government to break the deadlock over FDI this week.For the Mandal champion, SP's crossover to anti-quota bloc is a calculated gamble dictated by the twin considerations of consolidating upper castes-OBCs and blunting the focus on \"law and order\" and governance-related issues in UP.Most acknowledge the Samajwadi camp would face challenges if Lok Sabha polls are held in 2014, with scrutiny on \"law and order\" -- the biggest issue that has moulded perceptions about Samajwadis in the past.The hope that upper castes and OBCs will plump for Samajwadis stems from the continuing irrelevance of BJP and Congress. Their flop show in the assembly polls and SP's anti-quota stance would help bait upper castes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421030", "title": "Delhi infra projects score: 4/28", "text": "NEW DELHI: Barely four out of 28 urban infrastructure projects sanctioned for Delhi under the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission during 2005-11 were completed by various agencies, reveals the comptroller &amp; auditor general's performance audit on the mission.Glaring examples of incomplete works include Delhi government's ambitious Wazirabad bridge project, approved at a cost of Rs 1087.4 crore, the report says. Other projects marked by delays include flyovers at Africa Avenue-Aruna Asaf Ali Road and Vivekanand Marg-Poorvi Marg, and a railway over-bridge and under-bridge near Nand Nagri.In two projects, PWD allowed contractors to take away material that had been bought by the Delhi government at considerable cost, the report said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427807", "title": "Kate Moss as newspaper delivery girl?", "text": "Kate Moss has apparently been offered a job as a newspaper delivery girl.The 38-year-old supermodel, visited Brooksby newsagents in Highgate, north London , close to her home, to buy magazines and papers, the Daily Star reported.And she posed with boss Ibrahim Kurt, who offered her a job and tweeted a photo of himself and Kate with the caption: \"Our new delivery girl.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17426071", "title": "Loyola school wins district-level quiz", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Loyola School, Sreekariyam bagged the first and second prizes at the district-level Arogyatharakam quiz programme held here on Thursday.The team consisting of Rajath R and Sachin won the first place and Akhil Chandra and Ganesh won the second place.The winners said that an active quiz club in their school was the driving force behind their success. The quiz club hosts mock quiz contests among members regularly and the training thus obtained helped them excel in the contest.Arogyatharakam is a state-level quizzing initiative by the National Rural Health Mission and the general education department. The quiz based on health issues would be held in all districts and the first and second prize winners from districts would compete in the state-level contest.NRHM director Dr M Beena and director of health services Dr Jameela distributed prizes to the winners. NRHM district programme manager Dr B Unnikrishnan was also present. Snehaj Srinivasan and Dr Nidhish T Jacob of Dreamz Infotainment Society based in Kozhikode were the quiz masters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "durgapur", "code": "17421758", "title": "Panagarh villagers drive away land surveyors", "text": "DURGAPUR: A motley crowd of 100-odd villagers at Panagarh's Sowai mouza chased away National Highways Authority of India (NHAI) and district land officials on Thursday calling in question Mamata Banerjee's hands off policy in land acquisition. The officials went there for land scaling a three-kilometre stretch required for the much-needed diversion at Panagarh that has turned into a nightmare for motorists.The proposed 8.12 kilometre diversion bypass at Darjeeling More was sanctioned in 2009 by the then defence minister Pranab Mukherjee that couldn't proceed due to constant opposition by Panagarh traders. People travelling to Durgapur or Santiniketan are well aware of the logjam that holds up traffic for hours near the Panagarh Bazaar - the only stretch on the Delhi-Kolkata golden quadrilateral corridor which is a single lane.Incidentally, the NHAI had to beat a retreat on a day when the chief minister reiterated that her government won't acquire land forcibly.According to the NHAI's report, about 193 hectares of land will be acquired under the NH Act for the proposed project. Cabinet Committee on Economic Affairs (CCEA) has already cleared the six-lane conversion project under phase V of National Highways Development Project and the project is pegged at Rs 2083.65 crore.Krishna Dayal Karmakar, convener of Kota-Pondali-Sowai Krisijomi Adhikar Rakhsha Committee, said the farmers weren't aware about land acquisition for the project and thus drove away the officials. \"About 100 villagers of Sowai, Pondali and Kota chased away the seven officials. They want to know the land compensation rate and other details in specific. Earlier also the villagers have given away land for the upcoming fertilizer plant and proposed industrial park at Panagarh, but they are yet to get jobs and proper compensation for it,\" he added.Burdwan DM Onkar Singh Meena said the officials had gone for land acquisition under the NH Act. \"Few months ago, the NHAI had published newspaper notices under section S3D of the NH Act. Though no rates have been decided yet, the villagers will get reasonable rates. Also, land cost will be determined only after hearing out each land owner and compensation is likely to be fixed on the higher end of the prevailing market rates. No forcible acquisition will be allowed and the NHAI has appointed ADM (LA) as competent authority to oversee the acquisition,\" he said.The CPM upapradhan of Kota gram panchayat, Joydeb Mukherjee, said three mouzas - Kota, Pondali and Sowai - come under the bypass project. \"The villagers of the area feel that they will get lesser rates as compared to Kanksa and thus agitated on Thursday,\" he said. \"About 18 acres of land have to be acquired in Sowai village, but the land owners want the state to give them the land rates and compensation package in writing,\" said Kamal Barui of Sowai village.The development of the 8.12km bypass at Panagarh is essential as this is the only stretch of the Delhi- Kolkata golden quadrilateral corridor which is single lane. Traffic along this stretch moves at an average speed of 100kmph and accidents have also increased, said locals.NHAI sources said the project is already running behind schedule. Earlier, the owners of Panagarh Bazaar had stalled expansion of the highway into four lanes, while the Indian Air Force had obstructed the bypass project. Later, however, IAF approved of the proposal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428130", "title": "Huge welcome for reality show winners", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: General manager of East Coast Railway (ECoR), Indra Ghosh, greeted city-based dancer Maraju Sumanth (13), who and his dance partner Sonali (7) won a popular reality show recently. Sumath's father M Jagdosh Rao is a railway employee.\"Sumath made us proud. People of the state and employees of ECoR supported him all through his performances,\" Ghosh said. Soon after winning the reality show, chief minister Naveen Patnaik had earlier patted Sumanth, Standard IX student of Kendriya Vidyalaya-III.After Prince Dance Group from Odisha's Ganjam district, this is the second time another dancer from the state won the national talent hunt concert. Prince Dance Group, consisting of mostly daily labourers, had bagged the first edition of the show in 2009.National reality shows have so far proved that \"Odisha has got talent\" as the programmes worked as passport for many state artistes to hog limelight. Triumph of Prince Dance Group in 2009 gave impetus to other budding artists to make a splash in art and culture arena. The reality brand's second edition gave name and fame to locking and popping dancer Harihar Dash and some sand animators from Odisha. Hip hop dancer from Rourkela Rajasmita Kar showed her talent by winning the Dance-India-Dance-3 title earlier this year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422519", "title": "12 hurt as LPG cylinder bursts in east Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Twelve people, including four women , were severely burnt in east Delhi after a cooking gas cylinder exploded on Thursday. The incident was reported at 9am from E block in New Ashok Nagar. Two fire tenders were rushed to the spot, fire officials said, and it took 10 minutes to douse the blaze.Some locals had informed police about the incident. Cops then took the injured to Lal Bahadur Shashtri Hospital from where they were shifted to Guru Teg Bahadur Hospital, an officer stated.\"Three of the victims have been identified as Hariram (46), his wife Ramrati (36), and their neighbour Shobha (36). The injured have suffered 65 to 85% burn injuries and their condition is said to be critical,\" said a cop. The other injured have been identified as Alamgir (35), Surender (32), Pramod (30), Brij Kishan (30), Laxmi (16), Sweta (14), Santosh (13), Saurabh (26), and Ram Rishi (26).The cause of the explosion has not been ascertained, however, police suspect that a leakage in the cylinder could have led to the explosion and subsequent fire.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421872", "title": "Realty check for Mamata at business meet", "text": "KOLKATA: Bengal should repeal the Urban Land Ceiling and Regulation Act (Ulcra), Credai national president Lalit Jain said on Thursday, directly addressing the chief minister who was seated on the dais at the inauguration of the Bengal Builds conclave.Jain also suggested that the state reduce its stamp duty, which is the highest in the country, and revise its floor-area ratio that is \"far from viable\".The remarks came soon after the chief minister lit the inaugural lamp at Bengal Builds, which is being hosted by the urban development department and the Confederation of Real Estate Developers' Association (Credai). Mamata also laid the foundations of KMDA infrastructure projects worth Rs 1,300 crore at the same venue.Leading realtors from across the country are attending the three-day event at the Milan Mela grounds.Ulcra has been cited by industries as a major roadblock for development, along with the government's hands-off policy on land acquisition. The CM, who had to bear all the remarks with a smiling face, came up with a tame retort: \"I will take care of your problems ... whatever we can ... My heart is with you but my hands are tied.\"She blamed the Left Front's 34-year-rule for the state's financial doldrums, but did not say anything on annulling Ulcra, which was introduced in 1976 to limit land holding in urban areas.When the Centre repealed the Act in 1999, states like Gujarat were quick to withdraw it, but not the Left Front government in Bengal. It was not until 2006-07 that the CPM made an attempt to repeal it but failed to convince its allies.Jain said, \"If the land hurdle exists, the country suffers and prices accelerate. Ulcra exists in Bengal while many states (Madhya Pradesh, Karnataka, Gujarat, Orissa, Maharashtra, Rajasthan and Delhi) have abolished it. So we need land reforms here.\" He pointed out that stamp duty in Bengal is 8.2%. \"States with lower stamp duty have more revenue,\" he said.Jain's next request was related to FAR, which is the ratio of the built area to the size of the plot. Bengal should raise its FAR to prevent horizontal urban sprawl that is eating up agriculture land, said Jain. FAR varies from 1.25 to 3 in Bengal. \"FAR below 5 is not viable. No wonder your housing prices are not affordable,\" Jain explained later.Reacting to his appeal, the CM predictably formed a \"task force\" for considering the concerns of industry. The task force would report the existing Cabinet Sub-Committee on Infrastructure, headed by the CM with chief secretary Sanjay Mitra, finance minister Amit Mitra, urban development minister Firhad Hakim and industries minister Partha Chatterjee.The CM said, \"My government earns Rs 21,000 crore but pays Rs 26,000 crore on debt. I agree with my friend Lalit Jain and others on their suggestions ... but our situation is different. What Gujarat, Delhi can do, we can't.\"If those states had run out of options, Bengal was the place offering opportunities to developers, said Mamata. \"So please invest in Bengal,\" she said.Jain later told reporters, \"The best way to address the fiscal deficit would be repealing Ulcra and changing Bengal's tax structure.\"Mamata admitted to the existence of \"syndicates\", local suppliers backed by political groups who call the shots in realty. \"I have asked my officers to take necessary steps,\" she said. \"There are syndicates in some areas. I don't deny that local people should get the jobs, but they (syndicates) cannot dictate terms to investors,\" said the CM.BoxCredai appeal:Annulment of Urban Land Ceiling and Regulation ActLowering of stamp dutyRevised FARCM's panacea:Task force to consider some of the concerns of industry (and builders)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17420991", "title": "UP govt moots free power to small and marginal farmers", "text": "LUCKNOW: After a loan waiver and free irrigation facility, the Samajwadi Party (SP) government on Thursday announced a proposal to give free electricity to nearly 20 million small and marginal farmers in the state.\"The proposal to give free electricity to small and marginal farmers is under active consideration.,\" agriculture minister Anand Singh told the Assembly in the presence of chief minister Akhilesh Yadav. \"This will improve general welfare of farmers, increase productivity and improve agriculture growth from existing 3% to 5%.\"Free power was an electoral promise that helped SP secure farm votes. Last week, the government waived loans of up to Rs 50,000 of nearly 17 lakh farmers and allocated Rs 400 crore in its supplementary budget for the purpose. Besides, free irrigation costs around Rs 300 crore annually. Though the exact amount is yet to be calculated, the annual subsidy on the free electricity would be around Rs 700 crore.If the scheme is implemented, UP would be second state after Punjab to give free power. There are around 2.25 crore farmers in the state. And due to fragmented cultivation, around 92% of them are either small with a holdings of up to 5 acres each or marginal with 2.5 acres.The announcement by the minister came during a reply to a question by BJP's Satish Mahana on whether the government would consider a new subsidy on fertilizers which, he said, was in short supply.The proposal was welcomed by farmers' groups, which termed it a step in the right direction. President of the Kisan Jagriti Manch Sudhir Panwar said the move would serve the twin objectives of increasing productivity and making farmers self-reliant. He suggested setting up separate feeders to make the scheme a success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425631", "title": "'Manisha Koirala is a beautiful fighter'", "text": "As reports of Manisha Koirala's ill-health filtered in, I pray they are not true. One of the loveliest women I've ever met, Manisha came home once with her boyfriend, a kind considerate cultured man named Cecil. We all could see the love in his eyes for her.Who won't fall in love with Manisha? She carries a sense of cheerful bonhomie wherever she goes. I've heard stories of her moodiness and temper tantrums. But with me, Manisha is always a doll. A dreamily beautiful woman with a smile that can light up the darkest night.She has so far been singularly unlucky in love. As an actress she was at one time way ahead of her colleagues and peers, regarded more resplendently than even the dazzling Tabu.From the time she came to Mumbai from Nepal in 1991, every major filmmaker in Mumbai wanted to work with Manisha. Manisha had no idea how to tell a Mani Ratnam apart from an Indra Kumar. She just picked whatever came her way.About her early-days in Bollywood Manisha once confided in me, \"I was immature. I was so young when I came into the film industry. I had hardly watched a handful of Hindi films in my life. I had no choice but to do what other people said. A lot of people told me playing the role of a growing children's mother in Mani Ratnam's Bombay would be suicidal to my career. I wouldn't name them, but a lot of my colleagues criticized me playing a mother, and that too in a South Indian film, blah blah blah. They were happy doing teenybopper roles. I didn't mind playing 'anything' as long as I had something substantial to do in the plot. Fortunately I got the chance to work with the best directors in the country from Shekhar Kapur and Mansoor Khan to Mani Ratnam and Sanjay Bhansali. I learnt a lot from them.\"Her career began to flounder and there were many failed relationships. But Manisha could actually laugh about her mistakes. \"Experience is the best teacher. I feel I've evolved as a person. I've never followed the rules. I've made my own rules by trial and error. I'm not Ms Perfect. I do make mistakes. But I'm not ashamed of them.I got major bad-press even back then when I was just starting out. 5 -6 years back I was an outspoken girl. Today my beliefs haven't changed. But I've learnt to keep my mouth shut.\"After her dream innings as an actress her career began to fall apart and so do did her personal relationships. If doing the game-show Sawaal Dus Crore Ka was a blunder, so were some of the men in her life. Manisha turned down films with Deepa Mehta , Mira Nair and Shyam Benegal for the flimsiest of reasons.When stories of her drinking became unbearable, I boldly broached the subject bracing myself for a taste of the infamous Koirala temper. She took the accusation of alcoholism surprisingly well and said, \"I do enjoy my drinks. But I'm not an alcoholic. I don't drink everyday. Most of my colleagues drink. Those who claim not to are the ones who probably drink the hardest.\"A true realist she could stare unflinchingly at her own mistakes. Once when I lightly chided her about the wrong choices in matters of the heart , Manisha turned around and said, \"I don't think I would have been the person that I am if I hadn't been honest. If I had to hide any aspect of my life, I would look back and feel terribly guilty. I want to achieve my goals in life and career without playing lying games. If I have to lie to be successful, then I'd rather not have success. I would rather die than be dishonest about my basic values. Yes , I've had some bad relationships. My family and friends saw it. But I didn't. Even my brother is far cleverer about such things than I am. See, I've to fall before picking myself up. Luckily for me now things are okay.\"I haven't seen any woman make such an effort to make her marriage work. In spite of those failed relationships, she genuinely thought her marriage was for keeps because she wanted it to be. \"I really want it to work. Pray for me,\" she had pleaded.Failed marriage and a floundering career lately gravitated Manisha towards spiritualism. Manisha told me, \"All my life I've been a seeker. I've been trying to find inner peace through travel and books. The Oneness course solved all the questions on life and existence. I wanted to focus on other aspects of life. The Oneness course has changed my life completely. I've become so much calmer and more focused.\"Manisha also intends to direct a film soon. Two years ago, she went to New York University to learn editing and direction . \"I know I have it in me. Some day soon I'll direct a film. But it has to be a natural process. I won't persuade myself to do anything I don't believe in. I never have. I've been approached by some responsible producers. And I just may take the plunge,\" she confided in me.This beautiful creature of caprice has many moons to conquer. She must get well soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424080", "title": "Man stabs youth, held", "text": "GURGAON: A man was arrested for allegedly stabbing a youth. Police also managed to recover the knife from the accused.According to police, Mahaveer Singh, native of Bhuttan Khurd in Fatehabad district of Haryana and at present living as a tenant in Acharyapuri, Gurgaon, had lodged a complaint against Amit Dube, native of Motihari in Bihar. The complainant alleged to Amit Dube for murder attempt on his son. He told police that Amit had stabbed his son Sandeep following a brawl late on Wednesday evening.An FIR was lodged against Amit Dube under Section 307 of IPC and he was arrested on Thursday morning.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425697", "title": "'Zumba keeps my metabolism high'", "text": "...says actress-model Shilpi Sharma, on her new exercise regime.My exercise regime I start my day with 20 minutes of cardio and then intense weight training which is more like functional and strength training, with very less rest in between. Then again 20 minutes of cardio. I love doing Zumba at least twice a week, as it keeps my metabolism high.My diet I am a pure vegetarian and for breakfast I have aloe vera juice, milk, muesli and two-three white eggs. Lunch is usually jowar roti with green vegetables and dal and curd. Dinner again jowar roti, green vegetables and curd, but sometimes I do tend to indulge myself with Chinese or Italian.My problem areas My arms. I have an overall broad structure, so, I have to work extra hard on my arms or my upper body tends to look out of proportion and broader than my lower body.My strengths My flat abs and though a lot of hard work goes in to keep them in shape, I'm quite proud of them.My fitness idol: I admire anyone with a great body because it shows their dedication towards themselves. I like people who are fit, toned, and fuller and voluptuous rather than skinny.My celeb idols (Male): Hrithik Roshan . I'd read he was thin and how he had multiple injuries but today he works out and has the best body.My celeb idols (Female): Bipasha Basu is incredible and I'd like to be like her someday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421189", "title": "Town criers announce tax defaulters\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 names", "text": "NEW DELHI: To shame property tax defaulters, the South corporation sent a group of town criers to Nehru Place, Kalkaji and Najafgarh to announce their names in public on Thursday. Officials say that if the defaulters don't pay the dues soon, then the civic agency will take stringent action which includes attaching their bank accounts or auctioning their properties.On Thursday, action was taken against 70 commercial properties. \"This is a traditional method of communication listed under the DMC Act. Thursday's public announcement with beating drums was a way to inform these 70 defaulters that the civic agency will take serious action in future. We also want other defaulters to pay up before the civic agency initiates a similar action against them,\" said B N Singh, assessor and collection, South Delhi Municipal Corporation.The list of 70 properties includes several guesthouses near the airport, restaurants, hotels etc. Officials say that most properties have dues amounting Rs 10 lakh or above. The South corporation hopes to recover Rs 100 crore from property tax defaulters. Officials say that if the defaulters don't pay up then the corporation will prosecute the owners for tax evasion.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17427325", "title": "RS members seek apology for Mani Shankar Aiyar's 'animals' remark", "text": "NEW DELHI: Members in Rajya Sabha belonging to various parties on Friday raised strong objections to reported comments of Mani Shankar Aiyar comparing MPs shouting slogans in the Well with animals and demanded an apology.An apparently embarrassed minister of state for parliamentary affairs Rajiv Shukla tendered an immediate apology on behalf of Aiyar and informed the House that he will talk to him in this regard.As members pressed for summoning the Congress member and referring the matter to the Ethics Committee of Parliament, Deputy Chairman P J Kurien hoped he will come and explain his position in the House.He said, \"If that does not happen, then there is a course of action...The Chair will examine the matter.\"Earlier raising the matter soon after Question Hour, members of BJP , SP, BSP and Left parties were on their feet condemning Aiyar's remarks and demanding action against him.Aiyar, during a television debate on logjam in Parliament on FDI , had reportedly made the remarks.As members attacked the ruling party over Aiyar's remarks, Shukla sought to pacify them saying, \"It is not a good thing. If he has said so then in my opinion it is totally inappropriate. I will talk to him and if he apologises, it will be good.\"This was objected to by Naresh Agrawal (SP), who demanded an apology from Aiyar minus any ifs and buts...\"If he does not apologise then action should be taken against him,\" he said.Shukla said, \"First of all, I apologise if he has made any such remarks...I will tell him to come and apologise to members if he has said so.\"Kurien also said that since Aiyar is not present in the House, he should be given an opportunity to come and explain what he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17425071", "title": "Doctors remove rare tumor through surgery", "text": "MANGALORE: Specialists at AJ Hospital and Research Centre here have successfully carried out a thoracic surgery for rare tumor of oesophagus on a 32-year-old woman patient who had a history of difficulty in swallowing food for past three-years.Dr Ashok Hegde, HoD of general surgery, AJ Institute of Medical Sciences, diagnosed the patient with a large fibro-vascular polyp arising from upper oesophagus occupying whole of food pipe.The patient was severely anemic and had lost about 10 kg in the past six months. She was referred to cardio thoracic surgery team at the hospital. Surgical removal usually requires incision in neck, thorax and sometimes abdomen with long hospital stay. The team removed the tumor measuring 25 x 6 x 2cm with single small incision in the neck and a small opening in the oesophagus. Post surgery the patient was symptom free.Benign oesophageal tumors are rare and this is the rarest and is one of the largest reported. First case was reported in 1559 and since then less than 100 cases have been reported world over. The fact that cardio thoracic surgeons were able to remove this giant oesophageal tumor with a small incision in the neck makes the case interesting. The surgery was carried by cardio thoracic team headed by Dr Jayashankar Marla and others.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421625", "title": "The much-hyped chief ministers' meet fails", "text": "BANGALORE: The much-hyped meeting between Jagadish Shettar and J Jayalalithaa on Thursday afternoon turned out to be a case of much ado about nothing.While nobody thought a resolution to the vexed issue of Cauvery water sharing between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu would be had on Thursday, expectations of incremental progress, of channels of communication being opened, wasn't unrealistic. Otherwise what would be the point of this meeting given that the previous one was a decade-and-a-half ago?With both parties rigid in their stance, the scheduled two-hour long meeting got truncated to one and the Tamil Nadu chief minister emplaned to Chennai earlier than expected with her entourage.Jayalalithaa, who was received at HAL airport by water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai and law minister S Suresh Kumar , greeted them in Kannada with 'Namaskara'.A Mysorean by birth, Jayalalithaa, draped in a maroon cape, arrived at the venue, Leela Palace, at 2.50 pm and was received by state chief secretary S V Ranganath. Having posed for waiting photographers, she went in and was followed within five minutes by Shettar. The much anticipated meeting started at 3pm, as per schedule.Sources said Jayalalithaa's demeanour throughout the meeting was business-like. There were no informal exchanges, no attempts to break the ice as had happened during the Cauvery River Authority (CRA) meeting back in September. \"She then chose to speak to us in Kannada and informally. But today, discussion pertained only to the release of water,\" a minister said.On her way out Jayalalithaa spoke to the media for 15 minutes outside the hotel, so much of it was inaudible. She then zoomed back to the airport in a TN registered SUV - Toyota Land Cruiser V8. As Jayalalithaa is categorized under Z-plus scale security for high threat perception, elaborate security arrangements were made by the city police.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "sangrur", "code": "17427197", "title": "Two die as trucks collide head on", "text": "SANGRUR: Two drivers of different trucks died on Friday morning when both the vehicles collided head on at the Sangrur-Bhawanigarh road.A truck was coming from Bhawanigarh side towards Sangrur whereas the other was going from Sangrur side that both collided near village Kalaudi.Drivers Kailash Chand of village Bhattiwal in Sangrur and Nirmal Singh of Lehragaga in Sangrur died on the spot. Sangrur sadar police station assistant sub inspector Jagga Ram said police is investigating the matter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421474", "title": "Private unaided schools apprehensive about Right to Education", "text": "BANGALORE: A greater dialogue with private schools will help the government successfully implement Right to Education in Karnataka. The idea evolved at a discussion on financial and governance challenges of RTE organized by the Centre for Budget and Policy Studies (CBPS) on Thursday.Speaking at the event, Anita Kaul, principal secretary, planning and statistics, said: \"Many private unaided schools are afraid that children from weaker sections might not be able to cope with the requirements of such schools. They are also worried about children from two diverse backgrounds not being able to mingle. The extra financial burden put on private unaided schools also bothers them.\"\"Learning has a lot to do with constitutional values, equality and tolerance. This can be done in a better way with different social segments coming together,\" said Kaul.\"Continuous and Comprehensive Evaluation (CCE, one of the features of RTE) does not mean more tests, but it is more of an interactive process. It enables a teacher to understand the capabilities of a child in a better way,\" she explained.Kaul also feels a child must be taught in his/her mother tongue in initial stages. \"Teaching in mother tongue enables children to achieve conceptual clarity. At the initial stages, the medium of instruction must be the mother tongue with a provision for a child to transit to a language of his/her choice at a slightly later stage, may be at level 3 or 4,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17420869", "title": "Tiger roar to break lazy ghariyal lull at Kukrail", "text": "LUCKNOW: What ghariyals couldn't do for Kukrail, tigers might. The forest department has proposed to provide a tiger and a deer safari there by bringing in tigers through the zoo exchange programme and turning Kukrail into a tourist attraction. The area already has a sizeable count of antelopes.Days of dismal revenue for Kukrail might be over with chief minister Akhilesh Yadav taking interest in its makeover. The new Kukrail is expected not only to promise tourism but also give 'the look and feel of a jungle' and much more.Acting on the direction of the chief minister who is keen to promote eco-tourism in the state, the forest department has planned a major makeover for Kukrail. More than rearing and rehabilitating the critically endangered ghariyals, it will also have a zoo of its own.Given the current government's emphasis on promoting eco-tourism, the wildlife spots and forest areas of the state will be developed to attract the visitors. Kukrail is on the priority list. Considering it no longer forms the outskirts of Lucknow and is almost in the heart of the city, the government wants to develop it as a major eco-tourism spot of the state. A detailed proposal on its development as an eco-tourism spot has already been sent to the government by the department.The department's proposal talks about setting up a bio-diversity park, a butterfly park, a separate zoo, a tiger safari, an arboretum (with woody plants), a rescue centre for wild animals, a new toy train and a ghariyal centre (which already exists at the place). Sources in the department share information that it's an ambitious plan and has been prepared after the government appeared keen to develop the place, which did not receive any attention in the previous government.The rescue centres planned for leopards and monkeys, mooted in the previous government, have not seen anything progress. The rescue centres were to come up as a satellite facility to Lucknow zoo but things did not move on the twin proposals. The current government wants to speed up things and develop wildlife spots and forest areas to attract tourists, boost revenue, increase employment and establish UP as a hub of eco-tourism.Though it's a long-term project, officials said the department can always prioritise and set up facilities like a bio-diversity park which might not require seeking permission from some other authority. Setting up a zoo or rescue centre, on the other hand, will take time as the department will have to seek permission from the Central Zoo Authority (CZA) and the Supreme Court.The proposal will also free Kukrail of encroachment. \"Kukrail is highly prone to encroachment. There is also an idea to protect the area through a boundary wall,\" said Eva Sharma, conservator, Awadh forest division.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423051", "title": "Man held for killing couple", "text": "HYDERABAD: Police cracked the double murder at an under-construction building at Medchal in October with the arrest of a notorious criminal, allegedly involved in several murder cases. Cyberabad police commissioner Ch Dwaraka Tirumala Rao, in an official release, said M Raju of Kamareddy, Nizamabad killed N Muthyala Rao and his wife Ratnakumari on October 28 for the woman's silver ornaments. He was arrested while trying to dispose of the stolen propertyat Medchal. With an intention to steal Ratnakumari's silver anklets, Raju killed the couple, police claimed. Raju had killed another woman near Yedupayala temple of Papanapet police station a few days before for her silver ornaments.\"Raju kills people if he finds some valuable ornaments on them. Till now, he was involved in three murder-for-gain cases, a murder and a snatching case. On interrogation, Raju confessed to his involvement in the offences besides the Medchal double murder,'' Tirumala Rao said.Raju started committing thefts in Patancheru about four years ago. He was sentenced to four-month imprisonment in a theft case in 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423200", "title": "SIT final report on Naroda Patia imminent", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) is to file its probe report on the Naroda Patia massacre in a couple of days, at the metropolitan court No 11 on the basis of the complaint by Zakia Jafri, sources said.Zakia had alleged a wider conspiracy, involving chief minister Narendra Modi and 62 other politicians, bureaucrats and police officials, was behind the post-Godhra riots. Some of those accused in this alleged larger conspiracy, have been convicted after the trial in this case - former minister Maya Kodnani, Bajrang Dal leader Babu Bajrangi among others.The SIT has already given clean chits to some policemen who witnesses want arraigned in the Naroda Patia case - then joint police commissioner M K Tandon, then DCP P B Gondia, then Naroda police inspectors K K Mysorewala and V S Gohil.In August, SIT officials went to submit the final report on Zakia's complaint to the metropolitan magistrate B J Ganatra. The magistrate however, refused to accept the report citing a jurisdictional issue. This was because the report pertained to the Naroda Patia incident. The court said that it was a special court meant for taking cognizance of cases probed by the city crime branch.When submitted that the earlier probe report on Zakia's complaint was filed in the same court, the magistrate opined that it was done on the Supreme Court's direction.After this rejection, the SIT approached the special court that had heard the Naroda Patia case for clarification. Special judge, Jyotsna Yagnik directed the SIT to file the final report in the same court that took cognizance of the earlier closure report. This was because the same court had accepted additional chargesheets by the SIT in the Naroda Patia case. The agency probing the case earlier, the city crime branch had also filed its chargesheets in the same court.After the sessions court's clarification, the SIT is to file its report before metropolitan magistrate Ganatra.In February this year, the SIT filed a report on Zakia's complaint against Modi and others in connection with the 2002 riots. Proceedings on this 'clean chit' by the SIT is underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421143", "title": "Delhi surplus power not for Tamil Nadu: Centre", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Centre on Thursday told the Supreme Court that it was not feasible to transmit to Tamil Nadu the excess 1,491 mw power to be surrendered by Delhi this winter.Responding to Tamil Nadu's suit demanding the excess power, the Union government informed a bench of Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar that similar demands for additional power from several other power deficit states, including Assam, Rajasthan, Uttar Pradesh, Jammu and Kashmir, Kerala, Andhra Pradesh and Karnataka, were pending with the authorities and it would not be prudent to decide TN's suit without hearing all concerned.Tamil Nadu had sought 230 mw power round-the-clock and 1,491 mw from midnight till six in the morning from the excess power proposed to be surrendered by Delhi and requested the court to direct the Centre to provide an inter-state transmission corridor.\"The relief prayed for by Tamil Nadu cannot be executed due to lack of margin in the transmission corridor, and prior specific agreements with other states, which may affect grid security as the Available Transfer Capacity (ATC) is being utilized already for earlier approved transactions,\" the Centre said in its affidavit.It said the grant of access to transmission was governed by the Central Electricity Regulatory Commission (grant of connectivity, long-term access and medium term access in inter-state transmission and related matters) Regulation, 2009 and CERC (Open access in STS) Regulations, 2008.\"The surrendered power for which Tamil Nadu has filed the suit, there are three applicants from the Northern Grid, namely UP Power Corporation Ltd, J&K; Power Development Department and Rajasthan Discoms Power Procurement Centre, which are entitled to priority over any applicant from any other grid. Apart from these three applicants, there is one application from North-Eastern Grid, one from the Western Grid and six applicants from the Southern Grid,\" it informed the court.It also said there was no transmission channel available to carry the requested power from the northern grid to the southern grid. \"If the request of Tamil Nadu was to be considered by the Union government, it would require displacing part of the space on the transmission corridor already occupied and consequently curtailing availability of power to Karnataka by ousting Karnataka's access to the corridor,\" it said.\"This would prejudice Karnataka, which may have entered into arrangements to supply of power to various entities and consumers,\" the Centre said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17428313", "title": "Class heroine's adult poster failed?", "text": "Many heroines who started their careers with class roles have fallen in the clutches of glamour soon, and we have seen that from Soundarya to Sneha. Another heroine that joins such list is obviously our Marathi siren Sadaf Syed.This beauty is known as Sada in Tollywood and started with a performance note in 'Jayam' before ending up as glamour doll with 'Aparichitudu' and 'Takkari'. Finally her hot poses from her forthcoming flick 'Mythri' are now being used as poster pics, and this is giving an adult colour to the movie. Earlier there is a buzz that huge satellite rights are offered for the flick, but now everyone fears that Censor Board will chop off all 'A' scenes. Some channels have backed off from buying the flick, says a source. Insiders revealed the film is said to be a suspense thriller, but the over usage of Sada's glamour on posters has brought them these worries.But Sada has once again become the heartthrob of glamour lovers with internet getting stuffed with her hot pics from 'Mythri'. Though she has put up a bit weight, those oodles of oomph factor are oozing hot vibes.Source: www.gulte.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423161", "title": "Ahmedabad designers shine at NID's pan-India contest at NID", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A team from Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore, won the maiden edition of Bosch-NID India Changers industrial design competition, organized at National Institute of Design (NID) on Thursday.The awards have been constituted to encourage young designers to come up with socially relevant innovations. Three out of four winners were from NID Ahmedabad and Gandhinagar.The first prize was conferred to 'eBelaku' project by Sanal Kuriakose, Madhusudhana K.P &amp; Yashwanth Kumar B.V, students of Acharya Institute of Technology, Bangalore.The project is a self-sufficient street lighting solution that runs on wind and solar energy and has utilities such as umbrella and drinking water tap embedded. The team won Rs 1 lakh cash prize.Aditi Agrawal, a student of NID Ahmedabad, won the second prize for her concept 'Tri-goody Modular Bench' where three-pronged benches made out of low-cost material for sitting in public spaces can be utilized in a number of ways due to its unique shape.Two students of NID - Sougat Hota and Sneha Ashok were given a joint third prize. Hota presented a concept of ergonomically designed toilets for the Indian Railways where the normal urinal can be converted into a full-fledged toilet with click of a button.Ashok's project was about community trash bins for better hygiene, safe waste disposal and separation of recyclable and non-recyclable waste.The judges included Vijay Pandey, vice-president, Bosch Power Tools Division, Michael Foley of Foley Designs, Satish Gokhale of Design Directions and Vijai Singh Katiar of NID.Judges said that they were happy with the out of the box thinking that was relevant to contemporary social issues such as power saving, better public facilities and hygiene at the same time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422556", "title": "No funds for mosquito checkers: Municipal corporations", "text": "NEW DELHI: Come Saturday, the domestic breeding checkers (DBCs) working on a contract basis with the municipal corporations will not be carrying out their work as their contract expires on Friday. On Thursday, 10 more cases of dengue were reported from the capital, making the toll to 2005 cases. The North corporation has asked Delhi government for funds to pay for the salary of DBC workers, if their contract is renewed.\"A letter was written to A K Walia last week in this regard but there has been no response till now. The DBCs will not be working with the corporations if their contract is not renewed. We (North corporation) got Rs 5 crore from the Delhi Government for the salaries but no more funds have come from them. If dengue cases keep increasing tomorrow, then we shouldn't be held responsible,\" said Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House, North corporaiton. There are over 3,500 DBCs working with all the three corporations and each receives a salaryof Rs 7,650.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422966", "title": "Pune's next police commissioner has his job cut out", "text": "NAGPUR: The stage is set for the city's next police commissioner Kaushal K Pathak's baptism by fire. Pathak, an IPS officer of 1983-batch, is gearing up to take up the reins from Ankush Dhanvijay who retires on Friday after a three decade career in police.Apart from the security threat during the winter session, vacancies in the post of officers of different ranks and their unwillingness to work in Nagpur after being transferred from western Maharashtra are likely to trouble Pathak as they did his predecessor. Pathak's another challenge would be to start the three sanctioned police stations-- Mankapur, Bajaj Nagar and Shanti Nagar-- which could not be done despite assurances from the state home minister RR Patil.Preparedness of the city police against the possible terror attacks and strengthening its intelligence wing for gathering information regarding the sleeper modules of the anti-national outfits would also be two arenas which this former IB officer would need to strengthen. Last but not the least, the chain-snatchings and spurt in cases of murders would also pose tough challenge to Pathak.CPs before DhanvijayPraveen Dixit: (July 2008 to August 2010): Man of integrity. His sincerity towards work took him to most spots of offences. Failed miserably to give conclusion to sensational Yogita Thakre case after the seven-year-old girl's body was found in a car found parked in the premises of the then BJP state president Nitin Gadkari's residence. He was champion of human rights.Satyapal Singh: (June 2007 to July 2008): This charismatic officer was behind the commencement of an anti-terror drive in schools and colleges under the brand name of 'Mission Mrityunjaya'. He had started a school for children from police families but the project failed.SPS Yadav: (February 2005 to June 2007): He took Nagpur city police's name in the international arena after exposing West Indian all-rounder Marlon Samuels' alleged link to the cricket bookies. He was also instrumental in arrest of several top Naxal cadres.D Sivanandan: (May 2004 to February 2005): Had a short stint in the city. The cops busted a Naxal den and arms factory in Gittikhadan during his tenure. The lynching of goon Akku Yadav in courtroom left a blot in his tenure.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422631", "title": "BSF focuses on 32 border posts to curb Bangladeshi infiltration", "text": "NEW DELHI: In the light of continuing lower Assam conflict that has been blamed by certain quarters on illegal migration from Bangladesh, the Border Security Force (BSF) has improved vigil on the Indo-Bangla border and identified 32 areas from where maximum illegal migration takes place.Most of these areas fall in Petrapole and Malda of West Bengal and Dhubri district in lower Assam.Addressing the force's annual press conference, BSF chief U K Bansal said, \"The home ministry has expressed concern over illegal migration from Bangladesh. To stem it we have reorganized our resources in the eastern theatre (the Indo-Bangla border) to focus on 32 border outpost (BOP) regions that we have identified as most vulnerable to illegal migration.\"Sources said there are a total of 866 border outposts on the Indo-Bangla border with a contingent of 70 battalions guarding them. Close to 18 border outposts are put under the supervision of one battalion.A senior BSF official said to augment strength and vigilance on the Indo-Bangla border, the force is adding 300 more BOPs which will take their total number to over 1,150. \"These BOPs will be composite ones with all facilities such as kitchens and toilets,\" said the officer.Bansal said the force had achieved a great degree of success in stemming infiltration and illegal migration from Bangladesh in the past two months due to reorganizing of resources. He, however, stressed that guarding the Indo-Bangla border was a difficult task given the terrain and socio-economics of the region.\"The terrain there is difficult and it is not easy to stop illegal migration. Add to this the socio-economic realities of regions on both sides of the border that encourage illegal migration. Still, we are doing our best to stem the flow,\" Bansal added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421165", "title": "7 jailed for life, 2 get 10-year imprisonment for moneylender\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s murder", "text": "MUMBAI: A sessions court on Thursday sentenced seven people to life and two others to ten years' imprisonment in a 2010 dacoity-murder case in which a 35-year-old moneylender was brutally murdered in Dhobi Talao. Judge P V Ganediwala convicted the accused under sections 396 (dacoity with murder) and 201 (destruction of evidence).On March 23, 2010, moneylender Alpesh Jain was alone at his office in Ayudhut building, Dhobi Talao, when Mohammad Illiyas Ahmed Shaikh (60) entered the office. Subsequently, his associates Atul Shetty (36), Feroze Jamburi (25), Ayaz Mansori (28), Azim Khan (35), Rehan Shaikh (32), Shakil Memon (36), Safi Shaikh (36) and Imran Khan (39) barged in and attacked Jain before escaping. Jain was strangled to death and his limbs were tied.The accused fled with jewellery and cash worth Rs 1 crore, the police said. Soon after the incident, Jain was found in a pool of blood. He was declared dead on admission. Jain and his family had a jewellery shop alongwith a moneylending business that involved mortgaging gold and silver ornaments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424404", "title": "2-year-old dies of dengue", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-year-old child died of dengue at the PSG hospital on Wednesday morning despite receiving treatment. The child has been identified as Anish Sanjay, son of Vijay Kumar, a resident of Kaventhaptti near Edappadi in Salem.According to hospital authorities the patient was brought in a critical condition and suffered refractive shock, where cells do not receive adequate oxygen and nutrients. The child was admitted in the paediatric department on November 24. He died on Wednesday morning. The parents were unavailable for comments.R Damodaran, deputy director, Public Health Services, said as of now in Coimbatore district including urban and rural areas, number of dengue cases registered are 356 cases. Off this, 278 cases have been reported from the corporation limits while 9 cases have come from Mettupalayam, 6 cases from Pollachi, while rest from rural areas, he noted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421807", "title": "Panel headed by chief secretary to scrutinize land cases", "text": "BANGALORE: The state cabinet on Thursday decided to set up a committee of high-level officials headed by chief secretary to scrutinize appeals for denotification of land.After going through the proposal for denotification, the committee would recommend to state government for final approval. This is being done to streamline the process, as per recommendations of Karnataka High Court.Speaking to reporters after the cabinet meeting, primary and secondary education minister Visvesvar Hegde Kageri said the cabinet had decided to regularise services of over 14,000 daily wage employees working in various departments.Though former CM BS Yeddyurappa is quitting BJP on Friday, his constituency, Shikaripur, is getting Rs 10.50 crore for the underground drainage facility.Meanwhile, the cabinet has authorized the CM to take a decision on the proposals to set up 12 more new private universities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "17425477", "title": "BPL tourney to boost cricket at grassroots level", "text": "BELGAUM: To promote cricket at grassroots level, the Union Gymkhana in association with the Karnataka State Cricket Association will conduct Belgaum Premier League (BPL) cricket tournament from December 22 at Union Gymkhana ground.BPL will be a right platform for budding cricketers of Belgaum district to showcase their talent. Ten registered teams will take part in the tournament. The winners will take home a cash prize of Rs 1 lakh while the runners-up will be awarded with Rs 75,000.\"The match will be played 25 overs a side. Of 35 matches, there will be 20 league matches, 12 super league matches apart from two semi-finals and a final,\" Union Gymkhana secretary Prasanna Suntankar said. 10 teams to sweat it outTen teams will be divided into two groups and the winning team will get 2 points. At the end of league matches of two groups, the bottom team in each group will be eliminated from the tournament.After the league matches, the 1st and 3rd position teams in each group will move to other group to form a new group to play the super league.Revenue generated through the tournament will be utilized for the developing cricket infrastructure. BPL will be inaugurated on December 21 and the matches will commence from December 22. There are 10 A division and 24 B division teams in Belgaum.Two new viewers' galleries have come up at Gymkhana ground. More than Rs 10 lakh has already been spent on the infrastructure for this event, Prasanna said. Ten teams have already registered their names. Players should register their names with KSCA 'A' and 'B' divisions of Belgaum District League for 2012-13.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17427992", "title": "GPS tracking system gets popular among car owners in Sangam city", "text": "ALLAHABAD: With over 230 cases of auto-lifting lodged in cops' registers in the past 10 months alone, vehicle owners are lining up at automobile stores to get tracking devices installed in their vehicles.Piyush Srivastava, a car owner says, \"Vehicle tracking system (VTS) has become an essential tool for car owners. With this, one can not only find out about vehicle location, but also calculate the car's fuel consumption.\"\"Spending money on VTS is not wastage as it gives the car owner sound sleep,\" says Bunty Aggarwal, another car owner. In fact, car owners are enquiring about the utility of VTS with police officials, who too claim that it is an effective tool to safeguard vehicles against theft.VTS comprises of a hardware unit mounted in the device and a control station run by the service provider. A server on the Internet displays the position of the vehicle. The hardware unit in the vehicle computes the exact latitude and longitude of the car's location when it receives data from GPS satellites. This position and certain other data such as direction it is heading towards, speed and time are encoded, compressed and sent by SMS to the control station. The time interval between SMS can be set or changed from the control station or the end user's screen.A total of 795 cases of auto-lifting were registered in Sangam city as per NCRB records in the year 2011. The police have been able to recover only 59 vehicles.The entire state of Uttar Pradesh reported 19,555 cases of auto-lifting while a total of 1,43,652 cases of auto thefts were registered in the country.The NCRB records show that auto-theft in the country accounted for 44.4 % of total theft case cases which was an increase of 2.5 per cent in 2011 as compared to 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422832", "title": "Seat belts for rear seat passengers?", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Soon, there will be no getting away from seat belts, even for those sitting in the rear seats of vehicles. With fatal accidents involving victims who were rear seat passengers on the rise, Chandigarh police have decided to send a proposal to the Union ministry of home affairs to make seat belts mandatory for all passengers. The proposal will be sent through the home secretary.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17427671", "title": "AIIMS opens telemedicine centre", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The All India Institute of Medical Sciences (AIIMS), Bhubaneswar, started a regional telemedicine centre on its campus on Thursday. Health minister Damodar Rout inaugurated it.AIIMS director Dr A K Mahapatra said the centre aims at tele-consultations, manpower development in telemedicine, bio-medical informatics and continued medical education in the eastern and north-eastern parts of India. It will train different cadres of health professionals, he said.The director said the institute will provide specialist tele-consultation services to district headquarter hospitals, sub-divisional hospitals, community health centres, and primary health centres for two hours free of charge every day.Dean Dr Vikas Bhatia said the new facility will try to bridge the health inequality prevailing in the country, as envisaged in mission statement of AIIMS-Bhubaneswar. The centre also will have a specialized tele-ophthalmology facility for screening diabetic retinopathy and cataract , he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422665", "title": "Cops arrest Benny for Mickky 'assault'", "text": "MARGAO: Benny Fernandes, 23, from Betalbatim, who had allegedly assaulted Nuvem MLA Francisco 'Mickky' Pacheco on Wednesday following an argument, was on Thursday arrested by the Colva police after he was discharged from the Hospicio hospital, Margao.Colva police said that as the offences registered against him are bailable in nature, Fernandes will soon be released. Acting on Pacheco's complaint, the police had on Wednesday booked an offence against Fernandes under Sections 341 (wrongful restraint), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 325 (causing grievous hurt) of the IPC. Pacheco had fractured one of his fingers after Fernandes allegedly hit him.Pacheco, in his complaint, had said that he was proceeding towards Colva on Wednesday afternoon when, Fernandes, who was riding a motorcycle, overtook and blocked his way at Seraulim.When Pacheco questioned him, Fernandes assaulted him. Fernandes, however, had alleged that he was assaulted by Pacheco for having overtaken his car. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17426456", "title": "US wants doctor who helped CIA trace Osama released and safe", "text": "WASHINGTON: The United States has said that it wants Dr Shakil Afridi, who helped CIA trace Osama bin Laden in Pakistan , to be \"released and safe\".A Pakistani doctor, Dr Afridi is accused of helping the CIA in tracing Osama bin Laden, the al-Qaida terrorist, and has been sentenced to 33 years of imprisonment.\"We want to see him released and we want to see him safe,\" the state department spokesperson Victoria Nuland told reporters at her daily news conference on Thursday.\"We are worried about all of it because he should never have been locked up to begin with,\" Nuland said. Dr Afridi is said to be on a hunger strike in a Pakistani jail.She said that the prosecution and conviction of Dr Afridi sends absolutely the wrong message, particularly with regard to United States's shared interest in taking down one of the world's most notorious terrorists.\"We've made our views well known, both to the Pakistanis and in public. We are now in the middle of a series of working group meetings with the Pakistanis, so that could give us a chance to raise our concerns about the hunger strike and other things, and we are doing that,\" Nuland said in response to a question.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "malda", "code": "17421747", "title": "Midnight probe into Bengal baby deaths", "text": "MALDA: The task force probing the crib deaths at Malda Medical College chose the midnight hour to start their investigation and ended it with a second visit early in the morning on Thursday.Patients and their mothers woke up groggily a little after midnight on Wednesday to see a group of men standing in the children's ward. They were too dazed - and surprised - to make any complaints at that ungodly hour.The task force, led by Tridib Banerjee , returned at 7am on Thursday when most of the patients and kin were yet to brush their teeth. Again, no one was in the mood to answer any questions.\"Satisfied\" with their investigation, the probe team left for Kolkata with an all-is-well report.Talking to the media, Banerjee expressed his satisfaction with the hospital and did some number crunching to explain why no one need worry. \"Although more babies are dying, the percentage of crib death has fallen sharply. There is no reason to panic,\" he said. But when asked to divulge how many children had died so far, he refused to answer.Five more babies died in the hospital in the last 24 hours, say sources, taking the toll to 33 in the last eight days. But hospital officials were tight lipped on the details of the deaths, apparently because of \"directives from the higher authorities\" to keep quiet.\"Any death of a newborn is unfortunate. The government is taking steps to reduce child deaths. A mother-child hub will be created at MMCH at Rs 16 crore. Work will be completed in a year or two,\" Banerjee said. A five-storied building exclusively for mothers and children will also be built and the number of beds in the children ward would be increased, Banerjee added.College principal U Bhadra said that pay-beds of the hospital would be converted to a children ward as per the directions of the task force. More warmers for the babies are being bought and more doctors would be engaged to handle the increasing number of patients.The task force met district health officials as well. The team, perhaps, chose the odd-hours because of last year's experience when the task force faced the anger of patients' kin, who alleged negligence by doctors and nurses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17428425", "title": "Slums second stry", "text": "RANCHI: When bulldozers hit the streets here during the anti-encroachment drive in 2010, more than 20,000 slum-dwellers knew little about the long struggle awaiting them.With tears in their eyes, they set out to look for a temporary shelter for the night. Their search is still on and hopes shattered.The government had promisesd rehabilitation for all the homeless people. The promise is yet to be fulfilled even after one-and-a-half years of the eviction drive.The most affected areas are Nagababa Khatal, Islam Nagar, Madhukam Khadgarha and Kutchehry vegetable market. The earth-moving machines did not give them time to even collect the bare necessities before demolishing their small world. \"I was leaving my house to go for work when two JCB machines were brought in and they started demolishing the houses. We begged them to at least let us take our belongings but they did not listen. Our house was gone and our belongings too. We were left on the streets with nothing but the clothes that we were wearing,\" reminisced Binni Devi, once a resident of Naga Baba Khatal who works as a domestic help.The anti-encroachment drive at Islam Nagar was more terrifying. Golden, one of the victims of the demolition drive, fell prey to a bullet while police fired to control agitating locals. Golden's wife, Yasmin Khatoon, is now works as a domestic help and lives in the house her five-year-old daughter. \"I lost my husband, my house and my belongings. The only reason I am living is for my daughter as I have to give her a better life,\" Khatoon said.If the government has failed to keep its rehabilitation promise, it has also failed to utilize the land that was vacated for developing a park. After 18 months, only a boundary wall stands as proof of the government'sWhere on one hand the homeless have not been rehabilitated, on the other, nothing has yet been done on the land that were vacated. There was a plan of building a park at the place where there was once the Kutchery vegetable market but the only thing that has been done till now is consturction of a boundary walls around the site. Similarly there was a plan of building a big market at Nagababa Khatal and houses for the displaced and a multi storeyed market at Rugrigarha Madhukam but nothing has been done in the matter.The displaced people still do not have any permanent shelter. While many of them are living in makeshift shelters at the eviction sites, others like those from Islam Nagar have taken shelter in a madarsa in the neighbourhood. Mehrunnisa, a resident of Islam Nagar, said, \"My house was destroyed and I had nowhere to go. So I am living in a tent at the same place where my house once stood.\"Mayor, Rama Khalkho said, \"Detailed project report of the market to be made at Nagababa Khatal has been approved and the work will start soon. Work has already started at Rugrigarha and it will be over within six months. After that the displaced will be given houses there.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17423661", "title": "UK ethics panel moots new body to rein in media", "text": "LONDON: An inquiry into British newspapers that has far reaching consequences for the world media called for a new independent body to regulate the British press, backed by law, in order to prevent an episode of media excesses like the phone hacking scandal at Rupert Murdoch's News of the World tabloid to recur.The report is likely to be studied by various countries, including India, which is grappling with its own problems of individual freedom on social media.Precipitated by the News of the World Sunday tabloid hacking into the mobile phone of a murdered schoolgirl Milly Dowler, senior judge Brian Leveson asserted the press had \"wreaked havoc in the lives of innocent people\" for many decades.He said the proposals in his report will protect the rights of victims and people bringing complaints. He said the recommendations would in no way empower parliament to regulate the newspapers, but his proposals will put PM David Cameron facing a hostile press and senior members of his government if he accepts the findings.The independent body could be scrutinized by Ofcom, the regulator which already oversees radio and television. In his 2,000-page report, the judge stressed the press must create a new and tough regulator, which had to be backed by legislation to ensure it was effective. He said the press had failed to properly regulate itself in the past, but he believed the law could be used to \"validate\" a new body. Leveson also criticized the relationship between politicians and press over the last two decades, which he described as \"damaging\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425578", "title": "Aditi roped in for Akshay Kumar's 'Boss'", "text": "Actress Aditi Rao Hydari, who was last seen in \"London, Paris, New York \" with Ali Zafar, has now been roped in to be part of Akshay Kumar-starrer \"Boss\" .The film's director Anthony D'Souza told IANS: \"Aditi is finalised for the film, but we can't talk exactly which character she will be playing in the film. You will have to wait till Dec 15 for an official announcement.\"D'Souza, who helmed Blue in 2009, says the first schedule of the film has already been shot in Delhi.\"We have just finished the first schedule for the film in Delhi with Akshay Kumar . It was a very small schedule. We are planning to release the film in the middle of next year,\" he said.Asked what the film is about, he said: \"It is too early to talk about the film. All I can say is that it will be a typical masala entertainer.\"If reports are anything to go by, the movie is a remake of Malayalam film Pokkiri Raja .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17420979", "title": "Ponting, the most dangerous batsman in the Aussie line-up: Harbhajan", "text": "MUMBAI: In 2001, before Australia were scheduled to tour India for what turned out to be an iconic series, off-spinner Harbhajan Singh had categorically said, \"Ricky Ponting will be the most difficult batsman to bowl to.\"It's been 12 years since that series and Harbhajan, who announced himself in those three matches, hasn't changed his stance. However, he's happy that the former Australian skipper wasn't much successful in India like he was in the rest of the world. \"I remember I kept bowling one particular line that troubled him in 2001 and we kept getting him out caught at forward short-leg,\" recalls Harbhajan. \"Luckily he couldn't get runs on that tour and wasn't too successful against India in India,\" he says. But that doesn't make Harbhajan lose regard for Ponting who he calls \"a tremendous player and the most dangerous batsman in the Aussie lineup.\"Every Indian cricketer and fan will have painful memories of the bashing they received at the hands of Ponting in the 2003 World Cup final. Harbhajan, a member of that team, remembers it as if it was yesterday. \"The World Cup final innings was something. We were at the receiving end and didn't like it at all. It was probably his biggest high point against India.\"Times ViewIn his retirement, as through his 17-year international career, Ricky Ponting has exhibited both great timing and commitment to his team's cause above his own. Not many cricketers would call it quits when the team management and the selectors are repeatedly issuing statements backing them. Even fewer would admit that they are performing well below par. But more than any of those, it is his comment about him not playing to the standards he expects of anyone playing for Australia that puts him in a class apart. That must have been a very difficult admission to make, even to himself, for someone who has played in more Test wins than anyone else. That he found the courage to say so speaks as much for his character as his many achievements do.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421780", "title": "Mamata steps in to solve trident-light crisis", "text": "KOLKATA: After maintaining a studied silence on the trident-light controversy for months, chief minister Mamata Banerjee has now asked for a detailed report on the installation of decorative lights across the city.Accordingly, municipal commissioner Khalil Ahmed has prepared a report on the issue and sent it to an officer on special duty at the CMO. This apart, the KMC top brass is now gearing up to appear in the Calcutta high court where the chief justice would hear a PIL on alleged irregularities over installation of tridents.When Ahmed took over the charge in July this year, he had refused to sign the bills for the installation of tridents after going through the files. Ahmed's predecessor Arnab Roy, too, had refused to sign these bills. The reason for not signing the trident bills was a major irregularity - creating as many as 540 files and keeping the value of each file within Rs 5 lakh to bypass a KMC tender rule.The second major irregularity involved in the beautification project has been fixing of price for the trident lights. While the Bidhannagar Municipality bought a unit of trident light for Rs 13,000, the KMC paid Rs 17,690. Also, the civic body's Entally workshop had sold trident lights to other municipalities for Rs 9,600 each, a rate too less than what the KMC had paid for these decorative lights.Besides, the KMC lighting department had issued work order to 240 contractors for installation of trident lights across the city. These are some facts that have been conveyed to the CMO by the KMC authorities.Moreover, the municipal commissioner has also stated about the action taken by the civic authorities after the irregularities were detected. The transfer of KMC director-general (lighting) Gautam Mahapatra has also found a mention in Admed's report.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421059", "title": "No end to Mumbaikars\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 wait for water transport", "text": "MUMBAI: Even after eight years of bidding exercises, there are indications that the proposed West and East Coast Passenger Water Transport (PWT) project may continue to remain underwater for a year at least.The Union ministry of environment and forests (MoEF) has now asked the Maharashtra State Road Development Corporation (MSRDC) to conduct a public hearing before it considers the project for environmental clearance. The MSRDC has applied for renewal of environmental clearance, which lapsed a few months ago.Recommendations of environmentalists, infrastructure experts as well as all residents have been invited. The ministry wants to incorporate their suggestions and apprehensions before it gives the project its go-ahead. After the suggestions are factored in, the MSRDC must prepare a micro-scale map to understand the project's impact on the marine ecosystem. It has also been asked to submit a land use plan, a mangroves and ecosystem conservation plan as well as a risk management plan.The MoEF directive has come as a blow to the state government as only work orders were left to be issued to contractors. There are fears that the delay may escalate the project's civil construction cost. The total project cost is currently pegged at Rs 1,150 crore.The directive was recently put up on the MoEF web site following a September 19 meeting with MSRDC officials.Once it is ready, the waterway will span Nariman Point to Borivli via Juhu, Bandra, Versova and Marwe on the west coast and between Ferry Wharf and Nerul on the east. It also promises to decongest suburban locals as well as road traffic and save travel time by a minimum of 20 minutes. Four to six lakh commuters would be carried daily on more than 20 high-capacity catamarans and hovercraft put together.For now, though, more than two lakh commuters in the western suburbs and thousands in Navi Mumbai must wait. They would have to shell out more than Rs 150 one-way to travel by hovercraft or catamarans once the project comes through.The MSRDC officials disclosed that a public hearing has been scheduled soon and reports would be submitted to the MoEF at the earliest.During the meeting, the MoEF asked for further studies and a public hearing in accordance with the environmental impact assessment notification of 2006.Industry experts expressed dismay over the development. \"When several private builders get clearances immediately, why are public projects delayed,\" one asked.The contract will help reduce the fare for water transport services, as commuters will only end up paying for the catamarans' operational costs and not construction of terminals. Earlier, there were plans to privatize this service, which would have cost commuters more.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ujjain", "code": "17428370", "title": "Advani lavishes praise on CM for innovative schemes", "text": "UJJAIN: Senior BJP leader and former deputy prime minister L K Advani said on Thursday praised state chief minister Shivraj Singh Chouhan saying he has been working for the benefit of different sections of the society with his innovative schemes.\"I was not aware of his administrative capability, innovative mind and simply took him as a devoted party worker,\" Advani remarked. Addressing 30,000-odd gathering at Nanakhera after symbolically pouring Narmada Water into Kshipra river, Advani exhorted that chief ministers in other states should take inspiration from Chouhan's innovative schemes like Ladli Laxmi Scheme or Teerth Darshan Yojana.Advani criticized the UPA government for price rise of daily needs articles and claimed that Atal Bihari Vajpayee during his tenure as PM had successfully kept tabs on inflation despite US sanctions scenario. In his address, CM Chouhan said it was the dream of Vajpayee that rivers that have ample water should be linked with those ones with less or no water. I am happy that a project which earlier Congress governments in the state have termed 'impossible' would turn into a reality, he expressed.Chouhan said Narmada water was being brought to Kshipra in first phase, but it was his wish to see linking of Narmada with other rivers, including Parwati, Chambal, Kalisindh and Gambir in coming years. Narmada has plenty of water and its use could save Malwa from becoming a desert. Development only on agriculture front would not be enough and industrialization is necessary for providing employment to youths.State BJP president Prabhat Jha also spoke. Former chief minister Sunderlal Patwa and Kailash Joshi were also present on the dais.Caption: Senior BJP leader L K Advani and CM Shivraj Singh Chouhan performing the puja of Kshipra River with Narmada water at Ramghat in Ujjain on Thursday------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427603", "title": "Saath Nibhana Saathiya to shoot in Bhuj", "text": "Viewers of Star Plus' daily Saath Nibhana Saathiya get ready to witness some more dose of Gujarati flavor as the team heads to shoot for an outdoor sequence in Bhuj.Yes, the entire cast of 'Saath Nibhana Saathiya will soon shoot an important sequence in Bhuj. As we already know that the current track on the show revolves around Gopi's (Devoleena Bhattacharjee) pregnancy. Now, according to some reliable sources the upcoming track will see the entire Modi family visiting Bhuj and during their journey Gopi- Ahem's ( Mohammad Nazim) new born baby will get kidnapped. The outdoor shooting for the show will take place in the second week of December 2012 and the entire team will be in Bhuj for 10 days. When contacted, Devoleena Bhattacharjee, said, \"Yes, we will be shooting in Bhuj for the next sequence but I have no idea about the upcoming track.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17379515", "title": "SP suspended for Facebook arrests, magistrate shunted", "text": "MUMBAI: Nearly a week after two Palghar girls were unnecessarily summoned to the police station and arrested for an innocuous Facebook post, the government is suspending the superintendent of police (Thane rural) Ravindra Sengaonkar. In a separate development, the Bombay high court on Monday transferred Ramchandra Bagade, the first-class judicial magistrate at Palghar who had given the girls bail of Rs 15,000 each.Government officials said Palghar senior police inspector Shrikant Pingle would also be suspended and additional superintendent of police (Thane rural) Sangram Nishandar would escape with a strong warning. The action against the cops comes after a sustained campaign in TOI against the arrests of Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan, both 21. Sources said this is the biggest action against high-ranking police officers in Maharashtra in the recent past.Dhada had lamented in a facebook post the November 18 shutdown due to Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray's funeral. Shrinivasan had 'liked' the post. Though Dhada didn't name Thackeray, the local Sena chief complained against the girls and the cops arrested the duo on November 19, which kicked off a nationwide furore over the attack on freedom of speech. Moreover, only on November 20 did cops arrest the vandals who caused Rs 20 lakh worth of damage at Shaheen's uncle's hospital on November 18, despite her taking down her post and apologizing that day itself.The actions of Bagade had been recently questioned by former chief information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi, who asked why the magistrate hadn't seen the absurdity of the charges against the girls and thrown out the case. Bagade, who had also given bail of Rs 7,500 each to 10 hospital vandals, has been transferred to Jalgaon with immediate effect.Sengaonkar's suspension comes after the government spent days dithering on taking action against the cops. Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan and home minister R R Patil had promised action on Thursday, but an inquiry report by special inspector general (Konkan) Sukhwinder Singh was ready only on Friday. It indicted the three cops for not taking action at the appropriate time and called for appropriate administrative action against the police officials who handled the case ineptly. However, Singh's factual report didn't specify the action. Additional chief secretary (home) Amitabh Rajan recommended suspending Sengaonkar and Pingle and warning Nishandar.On Monday, government officials blamed the delay in taking action on the statewide alert that had been issued due to the anniversary of the 26/11 attacks.Singh's report, which was submitted to the DGP, confirmed that there was absolutely no justification for arresting the two young women under either sections 295A or 505-2 of the IPC and Section 66A of the IT Act. The two girls were first booked under 295-A (deliberate and malicious act intended to outrage religious feelings) and IT Act section 66A (sending a grossly offensive message through a communication device). Later, 295A was dropped and replaced with 505-2 (promoting enmity, hatred or ill will).After the arrests, DGP Sanjeev Dayal immediately submitted a preliminary report to Rajan saying there appeared to be high-handedness on the part of the police and the arrests appeared unwarranted. Union telecom and IT minister Kapil Sibal and minister of state for communications and IT Milind Deora also condemned the arrests.Chavan appointed Singh to probe the episode on November 19. All along, both Chavan and home minister R R Patil, while admitting that the Palghar police had exceeded their brief, maintained that once the IG's report was received stern action would be taken against the erring officials. \"We have taken the arrests of the two women very seriously. We will take stern action against the erring police officials. We will take such action that they will remember for life,\" Patil said.However, till Monday there was no sign of any action being taken. The Union home ministry stepped in on Friday, with a joint secretary in the ministry asking the state home department to immediately submit the inquiry report and details of the action taken against erring police officials.Singh recommended dropping the charges against the girls. His report was processed by Rajan and submitted to Patil on Saturday. \"Amitabh Rajan endorsed the views expressed by Sukhwinder Singh and has recommended stringent action against the police officials indicted in the report,\" a senior home department bureaucrat said on Monday.Commenting on the suspension, senior counsel Amit Desai said, \"Whilst the suspension is certainly welcome, what would be appreciated is that, before the issue becomes stale in the public's mind, final action is also taken. Since it is only a proper stringent action taken by the state that alone will send a message to other officers not to act in haste in matters of registration of such FIRs or makes such incorrect arrests. Final action should be quick and strong so that the message goes out that police too must face consequences for their hasty and unjustifiable acts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426132", "title": "Maattraan turns 50", "text": "Suriya's Maattrraan, which was directed by KV Anand has already completed 50 days in theatres. Despite a slew of releases for Deepavali, the film is still running in many theatres across the state.Suriya plays conjoined twins in the movie and Kajal Aggarwal plays his love interest and a language interpreter. The plot revolves around performance enhancing drugs, genetic sciences and baby designing.Harris Jayaraj has composed the music for the album and the film was declared to have raked in the moolah at the Box Office despite receiving mixed reviews.KV Anand takes up the serious subject of genetic engineering in the film, in which the story revolves around a megalomaniac's plan to re-write human DNA and destroy countless lives during the process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428067", "title": "Oppn ruckus over farmers' problems", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Little legislative business could be transacted in the assembly on Thursday as opposition members displayed anti-government posters, especially on the farmers' problems, and created ruckus, forcing repeated adjournments.In the pre-lunch session, the House could function hardly for 15 minutes with the Congress legislators repeatedly stalling proceedings demanding a special discussion on various farmers' issues such as Rs 300 as bonus in addition to the minimum support price for each quintal of paddy, sub-standard seed scam and compensation to farmers hit by erratic rains. \"We demand cancellation of the Question Hour and holding of a debate on farmers' problems,\" Singh said.As soon as the House assembled for the day, the second of the ongoing winter session, Singh stood up and accused the ruling BJD of ignoring the farmers and pressed for a discussion, but Speaker Pradip Amat went ahead with the scheduled programme and asked school and mass education minister Rabi Narayan Nanda to reply to a question. When Nanda starting reading out the answer, Opposition members trooped to the well of the House holding placards that carried slogans like \"farmers die, children cry, Naveen hai, hai\".While Congress members shouted anti-government slogans, Brajarajnagar MLA Anup Sai hurled a placard at the Speaker. As chaos continued, Amat first adjourned proceedings at 10.43 am till 12' o clock and then again till 3 pm.The Congress had served a notice for a discussion through adjournment motion involving three departments, agriculture, cooperation and consumer welfare and food supplies. But Amat did not entertain it on the ground that one minister could not respond for three departments. \"One (agriculture) minister cannot reply for the three departments, so the adjournment motion was not allowed,\" he said.Government chief whip Pravat Tripathy supported the Speaker, saying debate can take place if the Opposition serves a notice for debate involving one minister.However, Congress whip Prasad Harichandan said the ruling was avoiding debate on farmers' issues. \"Debates involving multiple ministers have taken place in the Assembly at least on two occasions. Such precedence also exists in the Parliament. The government is not only 'anti-farmer' but also does not want a discussion,\" Harichandan alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17425022", "title": "Kreedotsava to start tomorrow", "text": "MANGALORE: 'Kreedotsava', a floodlit cultural and adventure games event organized by Sharada Educational Institutions (SEI) will get under way at Vidyalaya ground in Kodialbail at 6pm on Saturday.Over a dozen of programmes like stunts on motorcycles, acrobatics, gymnastics and other have been organized as part of this edition of the biennial event.The specialty of this year's 'Kreedotsava' is that about 3,000 students, including school and college students will perform various stunts like bicycle balancing continuously for 210 minutes under flood lights. Students will also perform yogasanas on ropes. Entry for the event is free for public.MB Puranik, president of SEI told reporters that the department of police has already been given permission for students to perform such stunts.\"Several people have a wrong perception that education is related only to academics. The objective of organizing Kreedotsava is to give exposure to extracurricular activities,\" he added. N Yogish Bhat, deputy speaker and MP Nalin Kumar Kateel will be the chief guests.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17428282", "title": "HC reserves order on bail application of Zahida, Saba", "text": "INDORE: Indore bench of Madhya Pradesh High Court on Thursday reserved its order on bail application of accused in RTI activist Shehla Masood murder case--Zahida Parvez and Saba Farooqui. Order on bail application is expected to come in next few days.Applicants had sought bail on the ground that till now CBI had not able to bring out any substantial evidence to prove hands of the accused in the murder. Lawyers of accused argued that till now CBI has not been able to prove direct involvement of accused in the case. Beside this, Zahida is mother of two and Saba is suffering from medical complications. They are in not in a position to influence the witnesses. However, CBI opposed the bail application on the ground that the trial is on and bail should not be granted at this point of time.Advocate Sunil Shirvastav, lawyer of Zahida Parvez, said his client is charged for hiding facts and conspiracy but till now nothing has been proved and no substantial evidence has been presented in the case. Zahida had medical complication and she needs medication and care so she should be given bail.Earlier, HC had rejected the bail applications of accused. This time court has reserved its order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425262", "title": "Fort to resonate with Kanakadasa's life", "text": "HUBLI: The Kanakadasa fort built at Bada village of Shiggaon taluk in Haveri district to pay tribute to the 16th century saint-poet Kanakadasa is ready for inauguration.The fort will be a centre of knowledge for those who want to know about the great philosopher's life and achievements in philosophy and poetry. His private darbar hall will be an added attraction.Kanakadasa was born in Bada village and said to have ruled 78 villages in the 16th century. Later his palace and fort were destroyed. And recently during excavation, some articles belonging to Vijayanagara kingdom were found from the village. The archeology department has identified them as articles used in Kanakadasa palace.The state government has taken decision to reconstruct Bada fort and released Rs 7.5 crore to Kaginele Development Authority (KDA) which was formed for the development of Kaginele and Bada.The 16th century Vijayanagara model fort with portraits on granite tiles built in 5,000 square metres, depicting Kanakadasa's life, the palace built in 2,100 square metres which includes private darbar hall, Kanaka memorial hall, garden developed outside the fort in 1,500 square metres are constructed with the help of latest technology.The state government declared Kanaka Jayanti as a public holiday in 2008, and the development works were started the same year. S Y Basavarajappa commissioner KDA told TOI that most of the works have been completed at the fort.Inauguration on Dec 1Chief minister Shettar will unveil the statue of Kanakadasa, palace entrance, fort entrance at Bada village on December 1 on the occasion of Kanaka Jayanti, said Haveri district in-charge minister C M Udasi at a press meet held recently in Haveri. Later, the CM will go to Kaginele and inaugurate Kanakayatri Nivas, Kanaka Kalabhavan, arch, library and eco-friendly garden.Udasi said the government has decided to develop Kaginele and Bada as international tourist centers. More development works to develop these places will be undertaken.'BSY not invited'Karnataka Janata Party (KJP) Haveri district president Mailappa Gudagoor has flayed the state government for not inviting former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa to inaugurate various development works at Kaginele and Bada on the occasion of Kanaka Jayanti on Saturday.He told reporters in Haveri on Thursday that it was Yeddyurappa who announced Kanaka Jayanti as government holiday when he was the chief minister and released funds for the development works. He alleged that chief minister Jagadish Shettar and deputy chief minister Eshwarappa have conspired not to invite Yeddyurappa for the function.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426522", "title": "Couples are embarrassed to talk about money", "text": "As many as one in seven couples over the age of 40 admit that they have never discussed their finances with each other, a new survey has found .Researchers said that fears of sparking an argument, embarrassment and awkwardness are the main reasons why men and women in relationships shy away from talking about money with their partners, the Daily Mail reported.They discovered that 15 per cent of the 2,000 people surveyed, for insurance firm Prudential, felt uncomfortable about talking about their financial future or plans for retirement with their spouse.Nearly one in four said that money was one of the main causes of arguments and rows, coming third only behind household chores and family disputes.Even for the those couples who did talk about their finances, discussions on their long-term plans were likely to be side-lined in favour of everyday money worries, the survey said.Daily living costs and household bills were the biggest talking point, with more than half of couples discussing these on a regular basis, followed by the cost of home improvements, large purchases and luxuries (34 per cent).Only 22 per cent said that they talked about their savings and investments , while just 16 percent discussed their retirement income and pension planning.Some 15 per cent of these couples also said they never intended talking about it in the future.Vince Smith-Hughes, a retirement expert at Prudential, said couples who refuse to talk about their finances would lose out in the long run.\"Money can be a tough topic to discuss at the best of times,\" he said.\"Many couples prefer to steer clear of conversations about finances, and especially discussions about longer-term issues like retirement which might feel light-years away.\"Yet it really pays to be honest about your financial situation. Being open about discussing long-term financial planning as early as possible will help couples to ensure they can enjoy a comfortable retirement together,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426755", "title": "Gaurav Chopraa to host Big Switch Season 4", "text": "Big Switch, a popular reality show on bindass, is expected to return with its next season early 2013 and rumor is that Gaurav Chopraa, a popular face on television, has been confirmed as the host of Big Switch season 4.Having starred in a range of fiction and reality shows on Indian television, and being a part of the Hollywood blockbuster Blood diamond, Gaurav is all set to host the all new season of this reality show. The last season of this popular show had seen ace director Rohit Shetty mentoring some rich brats.While, he has anchored a 'crime-based' show in the past; Gaurav Chopraa will be hosting a reality show for the very first time. This, most talked-about, youth reality show is slated to go on air on bindass in January 2013; the concept of which is unknown but is expected to be tougher than its previous season three seasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "17422779", "title": "Congress activist ransacks Nagpur University exam section", "text": "NAGPUR: In a rerun of the same old story, Nagpur University came under attack again on Thursday afternoon and the security was found wanting. Mohnish Jabalpure (Yadav), who claims to be the president of Congress party's VJ/NT cell, ransacked NU's exam section when top officials were busy with the academic council meeting in NU's administrative block.Eyewitness said Jabalpure came prepared with an iron rod and ransacked the clerk's chamber in front of the controller of examinations (COE) office and broke some window panes. NU's lobby and the corridor inside were littered with pieces of broken glass.Though Mohnish claimed to have represented a group of students aggrieved by late revaluation results, onlookers said he was alone and went on a rampage, smashing everything in front of him. The couple of security guards posted at the sensitive section were mute spectators as the Congress activist trashed the office.Ironically, Mohnish had taken responsibility of the attack when TOI spoke to him, but Ambazari police, where NU officials registered a complaint, failed to trace him. The FIR was lodged late in the evening, booking him under Section 353, 452 and 427 of IPC and also Section 3 of Prevention of Damage to Public Property Act, 1984.The attacker, though, justified his action and told TOI that he will surrender to the police. \"NU is destroying the future of thousands of innocent students by not checking answer-sheets properly and deliberately failing them, so that it can get more revenue through revaluation. Even the revaluation results are announced very late, many a times after the next exam,\" he said.He added that revaluation results of some courses like BCCA, BCA and MBA were yet to be declared by NU even as winter exams had commenced. \"I am in touch with pro-VC Mahesh Yenkie and requested him to declare revaluation results early. I even visited vice chancellor Vilas Sapkal's home on Wednesday and waited for over five hours to meet him, but in vain. I was given the same treatment by exam section officials, who also behaved very arrogantly,\" Jabalpure said.He had earlier given a letter on the letterhead of Nagpur Pradesh Congress Committee to the COE, demanding early declaration of revaluation results.The COE, who came rushing to the office after getting news of the attack, ridiculed the attacker's theory, saying that he was not even a NU student. \"All MBA and BCA results are declared and he is lying. He came with a female friend who is studying MBA and whose admission was cancelled,\" he said.City Congress chief Jayprakash Gupta disassociated the party from the attack, saying that Jabalpure was not even a party activist. \"He used an old letterhead, since we have dismissed all our bodies. He is not even among the over one lakh members in the city,\" he clarified.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422562", "title": "Paoli Dam to act in Shetgaonkar's 'Baga beach'", "text": "PANAJI: Bengali actress Paoli Dam , known for her bold scenes, is in Goa not just to attend the 43rd International film festival of India (Iffi), but also to begin work in Laxmikant Shetgaonkar's 'Baga beach' - a Konkani film.\"I like working in different kinds of films. I met Laxmikant Shetgaonkar at the Cannes film festival in 2011 and later heard his script for Baga Beach and liked it. I thought it would be a very unique experience working in a Konkani film. And I thought 15 to 20 days of commitment to a film is not much to give,\" Dam said.Dam said that she would film part of the film now that she is in Goa for the Iffi (to promote her Bengali period film Elar Char Adhayay), and rest of it will be filmed later this year or early next year.\"I am not allowed to speak much about my character in the film. But the film is based on outsiders coming to Baga beach to earn a living. The script is very unique,\" Dam.She said that she will not have to learn Konkani for the film as her character speaks Hindi in the movie.Dam said that she feels closer to Goa because West Bengal too is a coastal state. \"We also eat a lot of fish and I love the food in Goa. This is only my second time in Goa, but I like the time spent here especially because of the food.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "17425384", "title": "Solve Cauvery crisis through dialogue: Kumaraswamy", "text": "HUBLI: The issue of sharing Cauvery river water should be solved through dialogue between Karnataka and Tamil Nadu chief ministers, said JD(S) leader H D Kumaraswamy on Thursday.Kumaraswamy told reporters that both the chief ministers should resolve the matter by discussing the issue keeping in mind the interest of farmers in a meeting in Bangalore.Asked whether the session to be held in Belgaum in December will be historical, he took a dig at BJP government and said there will not be any meaningful discussion during the session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422580", "title": "Security agencies brush aside Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan, Jandullah\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s threats", "text": "NEW DELHI: Indian security establishment is neither worried nor perturbed by the threatening statements of impending attacks in India made by Tehrik-e-Taliban Pakistan (TTP) and the Jandullah group. Sources say, none of these outfits have any network in India nor are they connected with any group that has networks here to execute their threats.Post-hanging of LeT terrorist Ajmal Amir Kasab , TTP had threatened with attacks on Indians if Kasab's body was not handed over to Pakistan.Days later, TTP's splinter outfit, Jandullah, made a similar threat saying it would avenge Kasab's death within a month and that it had a number of fighters in Amritsar and Hyderabad who would soon take revenge.Intelligence agencies in India, however, have brushed aside these statements as mere political posturing directed at the outfits' own support base in Pakistan. That explains why no specific intelligence alert has been issued after these statements.A senior security establishment official said, \"Neither TTP, nor Jandullah have any network in India, forget Amritsar and Hyderabad. It is impossible for them to conduct any significant terror attacks here. They, in fact, do not even have any close connections with the Lashkar-e-Taiba (LeT) for us to find any substance in their threats. Their only connection with other terror groups is with Afghan Taliban and al-Qaeda. If at all, there may be a threat from LeT or Indian Mujahideen, but not from TTP or Abdullah.\"Sources said terror groups in Pakistan often make these random statements to garner public support, make an impression on recruits and to mobilize more funds. \"They hardly have any influence outside Pakistan. In July, TTP made a similar statement against Myanmar threatening to attack places in that country in the wake of attacks on Rohingya Muslims. However, till now they have not done anything there,\" said another official.Strategically and ideologically, both groups have little to with India. Founded in 2007 under the leadership of Baitullah Mehsud, TTP is primarily operational in the Federally Administered Tribal Areas (FATA) along the Afghan border in Pakistan with stated objectives of resistance against the Pakistani state, enforcement of their interpretation of sharia and a plan to unite against NATO-led forces in Afghanistan. Jandullah, known as a splinter group of TTP, shares the objective and has largely been involved in sectarian strife in Pakistan.What also gives credence to the confidence in Indian security establishment is the considerable weakening of TTP due factional feuds, pressure from Pakistani military and financial constraints. \"These factors along with the death of some of their key leaders have led to the organization being scattered with little central control. There are too many factions who are self-sustaining with regional or parochial objectives. This is the reason they have not been able to spread their influence elsewhere even though they draw their inspiration from the Deobandi sect,\" said an intelligence official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "shimla", "code": "17421446", "title": "With gas going out of reach, Himachal heads back to the woods", "text": "SHIMLA: The average person trying to cope with the severe Himachal winter in the face of great economic odds is definitely headed back to the woods. Steep rise in gas prices, uncertain kerosene supply and power scarcity have forced residents to go back to the age old dependence on forests.Braving the bone-biting chill of Nither valley of Kullu district is a tough call for Leela Devi and her family. The valley is hemmed in by snow capped mountain peaks. Even the lower hills around Narkanda and Hattu have received their first snowfall. But the family cannot afford gas heaters. Leela Devi admits as much while her husband Phikru Ram makes himself comfortable besides a bonfire. \"The only reliable fuel we have here in the valley is wood,\" he points out.D S Thakur an old timer, who has distinct memories of the Kalka Shimla train ferrying coal for purposes of heating and cooking says a lot has changed. \"Wood and coal are in short supply in Shimla. I learnt that they have forbidden the use of coal for heating because of the smoke,\" he said.Coal used to be the mainstay of a flourishing industry once, recalls Devi Saran, a retired municipal worker. Many companies that have been in existence since the days of the raj still occupy prime municipal land under the same names, even though the nature of their business has changed.\"Fuel wood is very expensive. Kerosene is not available and gas heating comes at a prohibitive price. Coal heating is not allowed and frequent power cuts leave us at the mercy of the elements,\" he said.While the urban citizen is weighing his winter heating options, the countryside resident is headed back to the woods. Joginder Sharma , a resident of Narkanda says, \"the government has been trying to take away our forest rights. But we have to rely on the forest for fuel wood, without which it would be too difficult to live through the winter. At times, the ridge top township surrounded by a cedar and spruce forest receives two to four feet of snow in a single fall.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425263", "title": "SOS crosses Rs.100 crore mark in India", "text": "Bollywood's Diwali release \"Son Of Sardaar\" has finally crossed the Rs.100 crore mark at the India box office.The Ajay Devgn, Sonakshi Sinha and Sanjay Dutt starrer movie has managed to mint Rs.100.55 crore, said an official statement.Son of Sardar garnered an opening week collection of Rs.71.53 crore in India.The action comedy released alongside Yash Chopra's romantic Jab Tak Hai Jaan Nov 13. The latter crossed the Rs.100 crore mark in India Nov 23.Son of Sardar is a Viacom 18 Motion Pictures and Eros International presentation. Produced by Ajay Devgn Ffilms and YRV Infra &amp; Media (P) Ltd Production, the film is directed by Ashwni Dhir. Listen to Son Of Sardaar songs on Gaana.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424140", "title": "Temperature falls after drizzle", "text": "GURGAON: After waking up to a cloudy sky on Thursday morning, Gurgaonites were taken by surprise in the evening when it began to drizzle leading to a dip in the temperature. ,There was intermittent rain in the city between 7pm and 10pm on Thursday. Light winds along with the rain added to the cooling effect as many preferred to take shelter in malls and roadside shops.,According to the weatherman, the maximum temperature was 26 degrees Celsius and it might fall by four to five degrees in the next couple of days while the minimum temperature (9 degrees Celsius) would also dip by one-two degrees.,A brief spell of rain around 7.30pm, however, caused a bit of a traffic problem with poor streetlighting and potholed streets adding to the chaos. ,Apart from this, marriage processions too added to traffic snarls which were reported from MG Road, Golf Course Road, Delhi-Gurgaon Expressway and near the city bus stand, HUDA City Centre and Maruti Udyog factory after the light rains.,Kumar Rachit, resident of MG Road, who was out with his friends, said \"It is weather to be out with friends. We are heading towards Bio-diversity Park where we will sit and enjoy till late evening\". Another commuter stuck in traffic jam said jams on city roads have spoilt the charm of good weather. \"I left the office little early to be home by 7.30 but it seems difficult due to snail pace traffic\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17423499", "title": "Educational institutions should encourage sports for well-being and fitness of kids", "text": "At a time when children are suffering from obesity and childhood diabetes, which doctors say is mainly due to consumption of junk and unhealthy food, the initiative by 20 CBSE schools to encourage sports in their institutions is a big relief. All schools from other boards should take this matter seriously as today's children are tomorrow's future and their well-being and fitness will have an impact on the country's prosperity in the long run.Related story:  CBSE schools in Hyderabad game for sports", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "17423383", "title": "Rehabilitation often eludes victims of acid attacks", "text": "CHENNAI: It's been two years since Dr S R Vijayalakshmi, former head of the burns ward in Kilpauk government hospital, retired but the voices of many women disfigured and burnt by acid still linger in her mind.In more than 95% of the cases, the reasons were same - the women refused to marry the men who stalked them. \"From being young and beautiful, they were reduced to survivors of acid attacks. They no longer felt good about themselves, are sometimes shunned by their families, and continue to be in and out of hospital for reconstruction surgeries,\" she said.The reports of 23-year-old Vinodhini writhing in pain in the ward brought back unpleasant memories. Vijayalakshmi recalled 23-year-old Sarika (name changed) being brought in with the jewellery she wore for her wedding melted and fused into her skin. A man she refused to marry threw acid on her face while she was going to the wedding hall for her marriage.\"Sarika was in the hospital for nearly a month. She lost vision in both eyes and her face was disfigured beyond recognition. She never went back home because her family could not support her,\" she said. Sarika moved into a home, learnt Braille and rebuilt her life. Not many are as strong and determined as Sarika, she said.Most acid victims require regular counselling and several sessions with psychiatrists and psychologists, an aspect of recovery that is sometimes not given enough attention. The cost of treatment and reconstruction surgery too is prohibitive. One victim in Tamil Nadu needed over 50 surgeries. Kilpauk hospital's burns ward chief V Jayaraman said Vinodhini has lost vision in both eyes. \"We don't know the extent of injury on her face. She may have to undergo face reconstruction surgery and have her eyeballs replaced with artificial ones. She may never be able to see again,\" he said.Since the disfigurement and disabilities are severe, the survivors also need extended rehabilitation, which is also expensive. On Thursday, Goa said victims of acid attacks would be eligible for compensation up to 10 lakh. \"Rehabilitation is slow and painful. Often the families of survivors do not have the means to help them learn new skills or provide the constant care needed after surgery. A burns ward alone is not enough to help these women,\" said Sushma Varma, founder member of the Karnataka-based non-profit Campaign and Struggle Against Acid Attacks on Women.Treatment is free at government hospitals in Tamil Nadu, but most survivors require more than just medication. \"Most of these women are affected psychologically as well. The government should employ social workers who will be involved in rehabilitation,\" said U Vasuki, national secretary, AIDWA.High court lawyer Geeta Ramaseshan says the government should work towards putting in place mechanisms the go beyond punishment and regulating availability of acid. \"The state should look at how to address rehabilitation. It's not just about providing treatment, or introducing criminal law.\"The burns unit at Kilpauk does not have such facilities. \"A recommendation is pending with the state health department,\" an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421113", "title": "November rain, thanks to western disturbance", "text": "NEW DELHI: A western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir brought Delhi its first winter rain this year. A light to moderate drizzle was experienced over several parts of the city and even though the temperature did not fall significantly, the chill in the air was quite palpable. Fog may make an appearance over the weekend.\"The WD will start to move eastwards by Friday afternoon so more rain and thundershowers can be expected in Delhi and nearby areas,\" said a Met official.He added that a few areas in Punjab. Haryana, Delhi and west UP will see light rain till Friday. \"There will be no significant change in temperatures over northwest India till Friday but after that there will a fall of two to three degrees in both maximum and minimum temperatures,\" he said.Due to poor weather conditions over Leh, at least a couple of flights headed for the city had to be diverted and the Met office said conditions would clear only by Friday. \"Both Palam and Safdarjung recorded trace rainfall till evening but around 8.30 pm there were heavier showers... by 9 pm on Thursday the wind speed had already picked up to 20 kmph. Because of that it is difficult to predict what the weekend fog will be like. Moderate to shallow fog could set in probably on Saturday and Sunday but should not last for too long,\" said R K Jenamani, director in-charge, IGI Met.Delhi's maximum temperature on Thursday touched 28.4 degrees Celsius, three degrees above normal while the minimum went one degree below normal to settle at 9.3 degrees Celsius. Lodhi Road recorded the lowest minimum temperature in the city with 8.6 degrees Celsius while Ridge recorded the highest minimum temperature of 12.2 degrees Celsius for the day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422593", "title": "Seminar at Bhironda on SRI rice cultivation", "text": "PANAJI: The Jagoti Nature Farm run by Pilar Fathers, in collaboration with Krishi Vigyan Kendra (KVK) of ICAR research complex for Goa, will organize a seminar on 'system of rice intensification' (SRI), with practical demonstration, on November 30 from 10am onwards at Jagoti farm, Bhironda-Sattari.The seminar will be attended by farmers. The trials and demonstrations of this technology conducted by Krishi Vigyan Kendra as well as department of agriculture have recorded yield levels ranging between 8.5t/ha to 11.5t/ha.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422364", "title": "Landge murder accused hacked to death in Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: Gotya alias Sachin Kundalik Dhavade (31), an accused in the murder of Ankush Landge, BJP corporator and then Pimpri-Chinchwad unit chief of the party, was hacked to death by a group of 10 assailants at Dhavadevasti in Bhosari on Thursday afternoon.The assailants first fired a shot towards Dhavade and then attacked him with sharp weapons. Dhavade's accomplice, Sandip Ramchandra Madhure (30), of Akurdi, sustained severe injuries in the attack.The police also found a body of a youth lying in a pool of blood a few metres from the spot. The youth, who apparently died of a bullet injury, was lying with a chopper in his hand. He was later identified as Ankush Ramdas Lakde (25) of Dhavadevasti. \"We suspect Lakde was one of the assailants. While opening fire at Dhavade, one of the bullets may have hit Lakde,\" said Shahaji Umap, deputy commissioner of police (zone-III).Umap said prima facie investigations have revealed that Dhavade was done to death to avenge the murder of Ankush Landge on November 7, 2006. \"We have found out identities of all the assailants and teams have been formed to trace them,\" Umap said, adding, \"We have searched houses of all the suspects, but no one was found there.\"Tension prevailed in the area following the murders. A huge crowd gathered near the spot. To avoid any untoward incident, a large number of police were deployed in the area. A senior police officer from the crime branch told TOI that the police did not want to take any risk as Landge and Dhavade families have previous enmity. \"Following the murder of Ankush Landge, an angry mob had burnt alive Chandrakant Sopan Dhavade, a school teacher, and torched several houses and vehicles in the area,\" the officer said.One of Dhavade's aides, who was at the spot when the incident took place, told the police that Dhavade was to meet his aides in the morning near the Ankush Landge auditorium to discuss issues regarding an auction of scrap material. \"Dhavade and his associates used to meet daily on the premises of a closed restaurant located behind the auditorium,\" the officer said.As per the statement of the eyewitness, Dhavade, Sandip Madhure and three others were sitting in front of the restaurant. \"A group of about eight to nine people came walking towards them. All of them had their faces covered and were brandishing swords, choppers and hockey sticks,\" the officer said.He said one of them suddenly fired one round towards Dhavade from a firearm. Before Dhavade and the others could realize what was happening, the other assailants attacked Dhavade with the weapons. The gang also assaulted Madhure. \"While they were still attacking Dhavade, a tempo arrived at the spot. All of them boarded the tempo and fled in it,\" the officer said.Shahji Umap said the police found two swords and two empty cartridges at the spot. The tempo was later found abandoned in Dhavadevasti. \"The tempo was traced by the dog squad. We found stones, hockey sticks and some food packets in the tempo,\" Umap said.Umap said Dhavade died on the spot as he had received several blows on his head and hands. He and Madhure were rushed to a nearby hospital, where Dhavade was declared brought dead. \"As per the post-mortem report, Dhavade had not received any bullet injury,\" Umap said.Umap said Dhavade was criminal on police record. He had seven cases registered against him, including two murders, rioting and body offences. \"In 2009, Dhavade was arrested in the murder case of one Sunil Gaikwad. He was released on bail on July 2, 2009,\" Umap said.Umap said Dhavade was then externed from the district for two years on October 10, 2009. \"After his externment period was over on October 9, 2011, the Bhosari police had again arrested him for taking out a procession to celebrate his homecoming,\" Umap said.The police said since October 2011, no case was registered against Dhavade. \"He was in the business of land dealing and dealings of scrap materials,\" said an officer from the crime branch.The joint commissioner of police Sanjeev Kumar Singhal, additional commissioner of police Suresh Kumar Mekala, deputy commissioner of police (crime) Rajesh Bansode, assistant commissioner of police (crime) Vinod Satav visited the spot. Three teams of the crime branch are investigating the case.Meanwhile, the Bhosari police have registered an offence under sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 147, 148, 149 (rioting) of the Indian Penal Code and sections 3 and 4 of the Arms Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17424898", "title": "SpiceJet passengers bristle at risky mid-air manoeuvre above Indore", "text": "INDORE: In what is being termed as a risky mid-air manoeuvre and possibly a violation of standard rules, a SpiceJet aircraft at 5,000 feet was allowed to land before another Spice Jet flight hovering at 3,700 feet at Devi Ahilyabai Holkar Airport on Wednesday night at about 8pm.Passengers, who came to know of the 'confusion' vented their anger on the airport authorities after landing.According to the air traffic controller (ATC), two Indore-bound SpiceJet aircraft from New Delhi and Hyderabad were vying for space to land at the airport around the same time.The flight that took off from Hyderabad was about 3,700 feet above the ground while the one coming from New Delhi was flying at a height of about 5,000 feet. The pilots of these aircraft were simultaneously seeking the signal to land. However, the ATC allowed the Delhi flight, flying at 5,000, to land first.\"This might have created confusion among the pilots,\" said airport director R N Shinde, adding that the pilot of flight flying at 3,700 feet objected to the permission given to the flight flying at 5,000 feet, and there was an argument between the pilots of both flights.He said it was not a near miss. According to him, as per the ATC rules, if the aircraft are in sight of the controller then 'descend permission' can be given and separation may be reduced. \"It was not a near miss as the anti-collision devices in both the aircraft were fully functional,\" the airport director said.A SpiceJet official, however, who refused to be identified, claimed that the aircraft did not belong to SpiceJet. He said it was impossible that both the flights scheduled to land at the same time in Indore.The irate passengers of both the aircraft sought an explanation from the director about the goof-up. However, the airport director said passengers do not understand the ATC language. \"They fear that something has gone wrong.\"\"Directorate General Civil Aviation will conduct a probe into the incident,\" Shinde added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422677", "title": "MoU to Centre for highways widening", "text": "PANAJI: Inching closer to widening the two national highways in Goa, the state government has drafted and sent a memorandum of understanding for the widening project for the approval of the Union ministry of road transport and highways (MORTH).The MoU, to be signed between the state and Centre, has been signed on behalf of Goa by the principal secretary PWD, R K Verma and has been forwarded to the secretary MORTH, Delhi.Verma confirmed that he had forwarded the MoU to MORTH. The MoU details two projects. One is the 4/6 laning of the national highway 17 ( NH 17) from Patradevi to Pollem on build-own-transfer basis under national highways development programme-III (NHDP-III). The other is 4/6 laning of the NH 4-A from Anmod to Panaji on build-own-transfer basis also under the NHDP-III.Official sources said that the MoU is necessary for any project which involves part funding by the Centre. Once the MoU is signed, then the state will start the process of preparing the detailed project report. The cost of the land acquisition will be borne by the centre.But the centre-state tie-up in undertaking the widening projects is as per the model concession agreement of MORTH where the Centre will provide viability gap funding of up to 40%. Also, the projects will be taken up through the private-public-partnership (PPP) model.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422824", "title": "Missionary schools begin admission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Four missionary schools of the city \u00e2\u20ac\u201d St John's High School, Sacred Heart School, Sector 26, Carmel Convent School, Sector 9, and St Anne's Convent School, Sector 32 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d started the process of admission to entry-level classes on Thursday, with display of necessary information on notice boards.St John's school will admit children born between April 2007 and March 2008 in upper kindergarten and the other three will admit kids born between April 2008 and March 2009 in lower KG.Registration forms will be available from December 12- 14 between 2.45pm and 4.30pm for Rs 100 at the schools. These can be submitted from December 13-15. The draw of lots will be conducted at 3.30pm on January 17 and the list of selected candidates will be put up on notice boards on January 18. Information pertaining to important documents that should be attached with the application, like attested photographs and birth certificate, among others, has been displayed on schools' notice boards.The schools are, however, yet to give details about the number of seats and fee structure. All the private and government schools of the city will begin the admission process for pre-primary classes from Friday onwards by uploading the necessary information on websites or displaying it on notice boards. All the schools will follow common admission schedule issued by the UT education department. Admission details of government schools will be uploaded on the education department website at 9am on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426932", "title": "Paris Hilton is excited to come to Goa", "text": "American socialite Paris Hilton says she felt 'blessed and magical' as she landed in Goa after a tiring journey from her country.\"So happy! I am in paradise with @riverviiperi in a beautiful villa on the water. So peaceful here. Such a magical feeling. Feel so blessed,\" Hilton tweeted, after she arrived here to perform at the the India Resort Fashion Week (IRFW) 2012, currently underway at Candolim beach in Goa.Hilton would be DJ-ing tomorrow, the last day of the IRFW, which is a mix of fashion and musicThe 31-year-old hotel heiress arrived in Goa yesterday at Vasco airport after a long flight via Dubai and Mumbai.\"After a very long journey, we have finally arrived in Goa,\" she tweeted.She drove to the hotel and tweeted, \"At our villa today chilling on the hammock with @rivervaiiperi. So peaceful and amp; relaxing.\"The socialite is also excited about the fashion week party, where she is the biggest celebrity name this year.\"Having a great time in India. So excited for my fashion week party this weekend,\" she tweeted further.This is not the first time that Hilton is visiting the country. Last year, she had launched the Fall-Winter designs of her handbags in Mumbai.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422965", "title": "Harika ready for more grind, eyes GP meets", "text": "PUNE: D Harika oozes a charming mix of innocence and maturity. Hence her surprising semifinals berth in the knockout World Cup chess in Khanty-Mansiysk, Russia, last week is that much sweeter.The 21-year-old Guntur girl, relaxing in her new home in Hyderabad's Banjara Hill area, said: \"I felt nice and bad at the same time. Nice because I reached thus far. And bad because I couldn't make it count (she lost to Stefanova in semis). But I have to be happy. Though it was just a knockout tournament and not a super strong event, the performance gives me motivation. \"It indicates that I need to work harder to be even better player. I should reach a level where I should able to win this tournament easily. I need to increase my rating, prove myself, learn more about the game and become a strong player.\"Harika, who has a contract with Airport Authority of India and is backed by Lakshya, trained with GM Surya Shekhar Ganguly, who was Anand's second during his three World title matches, before the meet.\"When I said sorry to Ganguly after losing in the semis, he said he is proud of me. I felt a bit better after that.\"This big break has somewhat negated Harika's slow progress by her own standards. She was expecting to attain men's GM title by 2007-08 but managed that only in 2011. But being the semifinalist at World Cup now, she can get invites for Grand Prix meets in 2013 and 2014.Despite being the semifinalist, 12th seed Harika is expecting to add only 2-3 Elo points to her strength (Elo 2512). She played against one higher-rated player during her four match wins (six top players bite the dust early) and didn't win a game against the a higher-rated player in classical time control.The Asian women's chess title last year as the top seed has been Harika's biggest international title. She said: \"We Indians don't think much about winning international titles because we don't play that frequently. It's quite natural to think of increasing rating and attaining norms in that case. It's a question of experience and getting used to playing at the higher level.\"If Humpy would have been in my place, she won't have been happy at all about the semifinals of World Cup. She has been there and done that.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422652", "title": "Most Centre-funded urban plans in Delhi delayed: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CAG's performance audit of JNNURM was tabled in Parliament on Thursday. The report was based on assessments conducted between April to November 2011 through test-check of records of ministries such as urban development, and housing and urban poverty alleviation, as well as various agencies of 25 states and five union territories. The audit covered the mission period from 2005 to 2011.The report goes on to reveal many loopholes and discrepancies in the execution of projects. In fact, the auditor devotes an entire section to \"delay in completion of road projects in Delhi\" in the chapter on implementation of urban infrastructure projects.Out of road and bridge projects approved under JN8N8U8RM for Delhi, the auditors chose four for scrutiny. The report points out that construction of a bridge downstream of the existing Wazirabad bridge was approved at a cost of Rs 1087.40 crore.The project was to be completed by December 17, 2011. But till May 2012, barely Rs 381.23 crore had been spent - on the approaches of the bridge. \"The work is still in progress,\" the audit reports. It adds that the stipulated date of completion for the main bridge is December 19, 2013.Next, the audit cites the example of a railway overbri8dge and railway under bridge at railway level crossing at Road number 68 near Nand Nagri which was to be completed by April 20, 2011. Its status remains \"in progress\". The project was approved at a cost of Rs 102.86 crore and till July 2012, Rs 108.19 crore had already been spent.That deadlines were flouted and delays marked JNNURM projects comes through in the two other case studies taken up by the CAG . One project involved flyovers at Africa Avenue-Aruna Asaf Ali Road and Vivekanand Marg-Poorvi Marg were approved at a cost of Rs 253.22 crore. The projects were to be finished by February 2009 but could only be completed by October 15, 2010, when the Commonwealth Games were being held in Delhi.The scrutiny also took into account the flyover project at the junction of GT Road and road number 56 near the Apsara border.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17366071", "title": "Why were Palghar vandals given quick bail, ask legal eagles", "text": "MUMBAI: The Palghar magistrate should not have immediately released on bail the 10 men who vandalized the hospital belonging to Shaheen Dhada's uncle, legal experts say. \"The magistrate's order is rather strange. Police custody should have been for a limited period to at least enable the police to investigate properly,\" said former attorney general and senior jurist Soli Sorabjee.Last Sunday (November 18), after Dhada posted a comment on Facebook questioning the bandh following Shiv Sena supremo Bal Thackeray's death, vandals attacked her uncle's hospital, destroying medical equipment estimated at Rs 20 lakh. After the media and the public expressed outrage, the police booked 10 vandalss for rioting and under a 2010 law against violent attacks on hospitals.Though before the magistrate, the police sought custody with the standard argument that the 10 men might interfere with the investigative process, senior lawyers and jurists say the question is if the police made out a strong case against the accused, argued forcefully for their custodial interrogation and adequately opposed their bail pleas considering the gravity of the case.Senior counsel Amit Desai said, \"One of the conditions for refusing bail is gravity of the offence. In the Palghar case, the police and the magistrate appear not to have taken the gravity of rioters damaging a hospital into account.\"Under the 2010 law\u00e2\u20ac\u201dMaharashtra Medicare Service Persons and Medicare Service Institution (Prevention of Violence and Damage or Loss to Property) Act\u00e2\u20ac\u201ddamaging a medical institution is a non-bailable offence that attracts three years in jail and a fine of Rs 50,000. It also requires the accused to compensate the victim with twice the cost of damage.A recently retired Bombay high court judge said the magistrate \"erred seriously\" in granting immediate bail to the accused. \"The magistrate appears not to have considered or appreciated the seriousness of the charges: of rioting and vandalizing on a day of funeral.\"Former additional solicitor general Mukul Rohtagi concurred. \"The vandalism showed lawlessness in the state. In both cases\u00e2\u20ac\u201dswift, unjustified arrest of the girls (Dhada and the girl who 'liked' her comment) and late arrest of the vandals\u00e2\u20ac\u201dit shows the state's failure,\" he said. \"The Palghar magistrate should not have been so hasty in granting bail. He should have given the police time to carry out an investigation and custodial interrogation of the accused to find out the identity of the other vandals.\"Lawyers questioned the low bail amount at which the arrested men were released. Rohtagi said, \"The court should have imposed a greater bail amount.\" A senior Supreme Court counsel said that in the girls' case, the magistrate should have released them on \"unconditional bail, with no bail bonds\".The law is clear that a magistrate must apply his mind to every case. \"A magistrate has the power to examine the case facts even on the first remand to see if an offence is made out or not. The magistrate can release the person arrested on a personal bond with no conditions if there is no case,\" Desai said.Former central information commissioner Shailesh Gandhi said, \"The action of those who vandalized a medical clinic and behaved inhumanly with patients is not being sufficiently criticized. These vandals were arrested very late and let off very lightly.\"Pointing to the surprisingly low bail amount for the men, Gandhi said, \"If we are happy to blame the police out of habit, no meaningful change will occur.\"But Gopal Barve, one of the defence advocates in the Palghar case, opposed the charge invoked by the police under the 2010 act. He had sought bail since none of the accused was named in the FIR and said the new law was meant to apply only in cases which occur \"when doctors are on duty and patients affected\". The bail condition is to appear once weekly at the police station.Senior Supreme Court counsel C A Sundaram said that legally, bail is a right and jail an exception. \"Bail usually is commensurate with the nature of offence and standing of the accused. The amount is to ensure compliance with bail conditions. When an offence is non-bailable, it is within the discretion of a magistrate whether or not to grant bail. He or she decides on the issues, mainly on the insistence of the police or the investigation agency for custody, to prevent tampering of evidence and for further probe.\"If the police do not insist on custody, what is looked into is whether the release of the accused will either result in their tampering of evidence or jumping bail and absconding.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17428319", "title": "Wild cats spotted in Indore region in 15 yrs", "text": "INDORE: For the first time in the past 15 years, the presence of wild cat has been confirmed in the region. A wildlife expert and photographer captured four wild cats in action on his camera at Tincha in Tillore area on Thursday morning.Wildlife expert and photographer Shariq Khan said he spotted and captured four wild cats. \"I was passing through the area when I spotted one wild cat moving with a rat in mouth. By the time I brought out my camera, I spotted three more, one after another. Probably, they were moving in a group of four. Out of the four, one was male and remaining three seem female,\" said Khan.Khan said this was not the first time when he had spotted wild cat in the region, but this time he got lucky and captured them on his camera. \"I have been seeing pugmark of wild cats at Yehswant Sagar, Machal and Choral forest areas for quite some time and, of late, I started seeing them mainly during early morning hours,\" Khan said.Remembering the places where he had spotted wild cats, Khan said last year he had spotted a wild cat on Nemawar Road near Double Chowki. Then he came across a dead body, died in accident, of wild cat six month back at Hatood Road. Three months ago, I had spotted them at Pitra Parvat area.Five kittens were recently rescued from Dewas and Dhar area and brought to Indore zoo were they were still under observation.Chief conservator of forest (CCF) P C Dubey said, \"This is the first time in the past 15 years when wild cat's presence has been confirmed with photographic evidence. Wild cats were not reported in the last two census of WII , so it is good news for forest department that wild cats are again in the region,\" Dubey said, adding that wild cat is an important member of cat family and it is good for the eco-system.DFO Saeed Khan said wild cats were not reported in region since 1999 and they are happy that wild cats, which are schedule I animal, are back in region.Shariq Khan said wild cats are nocturnal in nature so they are very difficult to spot. This species is scientifically known as felis chaus. It can be seen in open and dry land, more in more in the grasslands, scrub jungle, reedy banks (of ponds, lakes, marshes and streams) and around villages (and also fields). They are active in early morning, evening and also by day time. \"In the region they have been spotted around lakes, villages and plantation sites,\" said Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422015", "title": "Kochi Municipal Corporation staff took houses for urban poor: CAG", "text": "NEW DELHI: An audit by Comptroller and Auditor General of India (CAG) into the implementation of urban infrastructure renewal projects have revealed how ineligible beneficiaries got houses meant for the urban poor.In case of Kochi, it has found that the beneficiaries of three colonies were municipal corporation employees.The report, was tabled in Parliament on Thursday, mentioned these irregularities in the allotment of houses in Panayappally, Pattathiparampu and Chilavannur. Housing projects were undertaken in these colonies under Basic Services to Urban Poor (BSUP) scheme.The Central auditor has stated that the corporation employees with regular sources of income were not eligible for assistance admissible under the scheme. \"The Kerala government replied (April 2012) that the urban local body had been directed to change the beneficiary list as per the existing norms,\" it said.The auditor's report has also brought out that out of 16.07 lakh dwelling units approved only 4.18 lakh dwelling units were completed till March 2011 and of these completed houses only 2.21 lakh were occupied.In some cases, the CAG found that the beneficiaries were not identified or the surveys were not conducted. There were cases like Ghaziabad in Uttar Pradesh where 295 houses were allotted to beneficiaries other than those mentioned in the detailed project reports. Similarly in Faridabad, out of 1,834 dwelling units only 202 were allotted since the process to identify beneficiaries was underway.The CAG also found that in Ramanagara (Karnataka) against the 444 beneficiaries in the DPR, the final proposal was for construction of 1,800 houses. \"The government of India may review the status of all housing schemes and step up efforts to make allotment to eligible beneficiaries,\" it recommended.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17425776", "title": "Explain Facebook arrests, Supreme Court tells Maharashtra govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Supreme Court has asked the Maharashtra government to explain the circumstances leading to the arrest of two girls Shaheen Dadha and Renu Srinivasan over their comments on Facebook on the November 18 shutdown for Bal Thackeray's funeral.\"The Maharashtra government is directed to explain the circumstances under which the two girls - Shaheen Dhada and Rinu Shrinivasan - were arrested for posting comments made by them on Facebook,\" a bench comprising Chief Justice Altamas Kabir and Justice J Chelameswar said.The court said there appears to be some hidden notice behind the arrest of two girls for posting comment on social network site opposing Mumbai bandh after the death of a political leader. It said somebody had really blundered in this case.The bench asked the state government to file its response within four weeks on the public interest litigation filed by a Delhi student, Shreya Singhal.The bench also made as parties the governments of West Bengal and Puducherry where similar incidents had happened in the recent past.It also issued notice to the Delhi government along with them and sought their response within four weeks and posted the matter for hearing after six weeks.Attorney General G E Vahanvati, whose assistance was sought by the court, said,\"Please examine section 66A of the Information Technology Act, 2000 and I will assist the court on this issue.\"The AG also referred to the guidelines which say that cases to be registered under the provision of the IT Act has to be decided by senior police officials of the ranks of DGP for cases pertaining to rural areas and IGP for metros.\"This can't be done by the head of the police stations,\" the AG said, adding that this was a matter which required the court's consideration.Meanwhile, senior advocate Mukul Rohatgi, appearing for Shreya, sought a direction from the court that no cases be registered across the country unless such complaints are seen and approved by the DGP of the state concerned.The attorney general told the court that the arrests should never have happened.He said section 66A of the IT Act should not have been applied at all for the arrest of the girls and welcomed the apex court's intervention saying it will help evolving some guidelines.Shreya, in her plea, has said that \"unless there is judicial sanction as a prerequisite to the setting into motion the criminal law with respect to freedom of speech and expression, the law as it stands is highly susceptible to abuse and for muzzling free speech in the country.\"Apart from the arrests of the two Mumbai-based girls, Shreya has also referred to an April 2012 incident, when a chemistry professor from Jadavpur University in West Bengal, Ambikesh Mahapatra, was arrested for posting a cartoon concerning a political figure (West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee ) on social networking sites.She has also referred to the arrest of businessman Ravi Srinivasan in October this year by the Puducherry police for having made allegations on Twitter against a politician from Tamil Nadu as well as the May 2012 arrests of Air India employees V Jaganatharao and Mayank Sharma by the Mumbai Police for posting contents on Facebook and Orkut against a trade union leader and some politicians.In her plea, she has submitted that \"it would amount to little consolation to say that the right to free speech of a citizen will eventually be vindicated at the end of an extended legal proceeding.\"Hence, it is submitted that the protection of the fundamental right to free speech necessitates the existence of a safety walls at the very threshold of setting the criminal law into motion,\" she has said.The petitioner has sought issue of guidelines by the apex court, to \"reconcile section 41 and 156 (1) of the Criminal Procedure Code with Article 19 (1)(a) of the Constitution\" and that offences under the Indian penal Code and any other legislation, if they involve the freedom of speech and expression, be treated as a non-cognisable offence for the purposes of Section 41 and Section 156 (1).Section 41 of the CrPC empowers the police to arrest any person without an order from the magistrate and without a warrant in the event that the offence involved is a cognisable offence. Section 156 (1) empowers the investigation by the police into a cognisable offence without an order of a magistrate.(With inputs from PTI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424116", "title": "Plot owners asked to pay extra money", "text": "GURGAON: The Haryana Urban Development Authority (HUDA) Thursday asked plot owners in sectors 27, 28, 42, 43 and 57 here to shell out by December 1 extra amount of money on their properties in view of the increased compensation to land owners in these sectors.HUDA officials said the financial burden was passed on to the plot owners after a court order directed the authority to increase the compensation payouts in the five sectors. ,The sector-wise break-up of the extra amount to be paid by plot owners is: Rs 6,282.25 (sector 27), Rs 5,269.39 (sector 28), Rs 4,847.39 (sector 42), Rs 4,678.41 (sector 43), and Rs 5,612.80 (sector 57). People from the economically weaker sections, barring those in sector 28, will also have to bear the extra financial burden of Rs 698.03 (sector 27), Rs 538.61 (sector 42), Rs 519.83 (sector 43) and Rs 799.09 (sector 57).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421397", "title": "Tanker companies to pay for using private wells", "text": "MUMBAI: To prevent rampant drawing of water from wells in the city, the BMC is planning to levy a tax.The civic body will send a proposal regarding this to the state government asking for permission. \"We know that water from private wells is being drawn for commercial use,\" additional municipal commissioner Mohan Adtani said. \"But the civic body does not have rights to take over these wells as they are privately owned. However, use of water from these wells can be charged commercially by levying related taxes,\" he added.The issue was raised by Sena corporator Shubha Raul in the standing committee. \"The BMC should take over these wells to prevent indiscriminate use,\" she added.According to records, there are 784 private wells.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427920", "title": "Pawan Kalyan to work with Murugadoss?", "text": "Is powerstar Pawan Kalyan teaming up with AR Murugadoss? Yes, says the buzz. A little birdie tell us that Pawan Kalyan has evinced interest to work with Murugadoss and apparently, the actor even started contemplating various subject lines in this regard. Rumor mongers had it saying that Geetha Arts is likely to produce this film, which might go on floors next year after Trivikram's film.Menawhile Murugadoss is enjoying the success of Thuppakki, starring Vijay and Kajal. He earlier worked with megastar Chiranjeevi (Pawan Kalyan's brother) for Stalin in 2006 and has not worked on any straight Telugu film yet.Pawan Kalyan is currently working on Trivikram Srinivas' film to be produced by BVSN Prasad. Samantha is playing the female lead and Devi Sri Prasad is scoring the music.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17422843", "title": "Fighting for free speech: 'Net has own rules for expression'", "text": "MUMBAI: A recent SMS joke that went around was that in addition to the 'Like' and 'Share' buttons, Facebook in India would have an extra 'Apply for anticipatory bail' option. The twin Palghar incidents of social media posts that got three youngsters into trouble, however point to dangers lurking online, say cyber experts.\"People have this mistaken notion that the internet is a free forum where anything and everything goes,\" said Vijay Mukhi, noted cyber security expert. \"Many people forget that social media sites are public forums and the internet doesn't give you a licence to say what you want. There are consequences that follow as you can't often take back what you have said,\" he added.IPS officer and cyber expert Sanjay Pandey says there are many laws one can fall foul of when posting objectionable matter online. \"From sedition charges to obscenity, blasphemy and harassment, to stealing identity - provisions exist to haul up anyone who finds himself on the wrong side of the law,\" said Pandey. He advises a simple precaution for netizens: \"Use your common sense before posting comments online. Something you would not be comfortable saying in public, or is defamatory, slanderous or abusive should not make it to your online profile\" .Mukhi agrees and offers a technique: \"Wait for 60 seconds before you hit the 'enter' button. Think before you post, which most people don't do\" . However, even with all precautions, possibility exists that your online profile or email could be hacked.\"As soon as you suspect your email account has been hacked, lodge a complaint with the service provider as well as the cyber crime cell,\" said Mukhi, adding, \"this will protect you in case your account is misused.\"LAWS GOVERNING ONLINE CONTENT  Obscenity : Section 67 of the IT Act imposes a penalty of imprisonment up to three years for publishing or transmitting obscene material in electronic form, five years in prison if the material is \"sexually explicit act or conduct\" or if it involves child pornographySexual harassment : Section 66E of the IT Act prescribes up to three years' jail for MMS clips for whoever \"intentionally or knowingly captures, publishes or transmits the image of a private area of any person without his or her consent, under circumstances violating the privacy of that person\"Blasphemy : Section 295A of the IPC punishes persons with up to three years imprisonment if they deliberately and maliciously commit acts that outrage religious feelings or insult religionHate : Section 153 A of IPC prescribes punishment of three years in jail for promoting enmity between two communitiesSedition : Section 124 A of IPC applies to a person who through words or visuals seeks to incite hatred or disloyalty, disaffection towards the government. Attracts jail term ranging from three years to lifeAbuse : Section 66 (A) of IT Act prescribes up to three years in jail for sending offensive, menacing, false, misleading messages onlineMake it tougher for hackers Have strong passwords with special characters Change passwords regularly Avoid using personal email/social media accounts at cyber cafes/ public computers Delete all temporary files after you log out if in a cyber cafe Update your anti-virus Avoid suspicious websites Do not click on links in emails sent by unknown persons File a complaint with cyber cell/ service provider if you suspect your account has been hacked", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "17422202", "title": "Sub-inspector challenges promotion list by DGP", "text": "MADURAI: A sub-inspector from Madurai has filed a writ petition before the Madurai bench of the Madras high court challenging a promotion list passed by the Director-General of Police (DGP).Without preparing the seniority list of sub-inspectors for promotion to the post of inspector, a 'C' List for promotion has been passed by the DGP on November 11, the petitioner, P Muruganathan, alleged. By this, juniors were placed above the petitioner.When the matter came up before the court, the court admitted the petition and ordered notice to the home secretary and the DGP.In his petition, Muruganathan contended that he joined the police department as Grade II police constable on May 13, 1975. Subsequently, he was promoted as sub-inspector on August 5, 2004 after passing the Board Examination of the department. To give an inspector promotion to the sub-inspectors, 'C' list is prepared by the district Superintendent of Police every year and is submitted to the Deputy Inspector- Generals. Lastly, it will be finalized by the DGP.The petitioner pointed out that while he was placed in serial number 57, his juniors have been placed in serial numbers 5, 6 and 19.Praying for an interim stay on the order of the DGP, the petitioner sought to quash the order permanently.The plaintiff claims the list by the DGP favours his juniors for promotion and overlooks his seniority.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421777", "title": "Fate of homoeopathy students hangs in balance", "text": "KOLKATA: Nineteen students had cleared the National Institute of Homoeopathy (NIH) entrance examination for the PG course in April. Their counseling was done by October 17. The course had started on November 1, but they are yet attend the classes. There isn't any confirmation either if they'll be enrolled at all this year.The reason: there isn't any full-time faculty member to guide them.NIH, which is the only institute under the ministry of health and family welfare, has refused to enroll 19 students saying that the institute could not provide them with the mandatory guides for four subjects - paediatrics, medicine, repertory and organon - they had opted for. The students are now running from pillar to post, looking for an early solution.NIH Kolkata is one of the eight apex educational institutes in India established by the ministry of health and family welfare to promote excellence in medicine and homoeopathy education. The others seven institutes deal with ayurveda , unani, siddha, yoga and naturopathy.Candidates who had cleared the All India entrance examination in April 2012 were called for counseling between October 12 and 17. Those who opted for paediatrics, medicine, repertory and organon were taken aback when they were informed a few days later that the institute was unable to provide admission as the NIH did not have guides for these subjects.\"We came to know about the decision through the institute's website on October 18. Since then, we have been running from pillar to post,\" said one of the 19 students.According to NIH sources, a recent guideline from the Central Council of Homoeopathy to appoint permanent guides has created the problem. All these years, the institute was managing with visiting faculties for four subjects. Admission process for other candidates who had opted for other subjects was completed and the classes had started on November 1. Every year, 36 students are enrolled for the three-year course.\"We all worked really hard to get into this institute because of its prestige and credibility. But now we are clueless as to what is going to happen. It is already a month since the classes started and we are uncertain about our future,\" said another candidate.The students, in the meantime, have moved the court. Though the next hearing is expected to take place in mid-December, outstation candidates who are still camping in the city are facing an agonizing time.NIH director SK Nanda was not available for comments as he was out of the town on official work. No other NIH official wanted to comment on the issue saying that only the director was authorized to speak to media.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422916", "title": "Bhatti\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s kin to help make driving safe", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Family of renowned satirist Jaspal Bhatti, who lost his life in a road accident last month, has decided to use his image to promote traffic awareness. Jaspal Bhatti's son Jasraj said this would be done with the help of advertisements, theatre and music.\"My father devoted his life to highlight social causes through lighter means. We will continue to do it in his absence, starting with a special campaign on traffic awareness. He will be our brand ambassador and we will use his old jokes, satires and photographs, besides new additions. The campaign will cover the entire region,\" said Jasraj on Thursday.Interacting with the media, Jasraj cited his father's example saying that Jaspal, who was sitting on the rear seat, was not wearing a seat belt when the car crashed. He said he was the only one wearing a seat belt in the car and so escaped with minor injuries.\"My father was very humble and honest; we never thought such a thing could happen to him. Since I was the only one wearing a seat belt, I was fine. Through our campaigns, we will appeal for a decision making it mandatory for people to wear seat belts,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "17421419", "title": "3 of family commit suicide, police hunt for clues", "text": "KARNAL: A spate of suicides by three members of a family has left the police baffled here. A couple -- Sunil, 30, and his wife Nisha, 23 -- had committed suicide by jumping before a train at Bajida village of Karnal district on Wednesday afternoon. As the police tried to figure out the cause that lead the couple's to suicide, Sunil's younger brother, Mukesh, 19, also jumped before a train near NDRI complex in Karnal, later in the evening.The Government Railway Police (GRP) SHO Lalit Kumar said the couple belonged to Ramana-Ramani village in Taraori segment of the district. Sunil and Nisha had called up their relatives in the village on Wednesday afternoon, telling them about their plan to commit suicide by jumping before a train and that someone should come and pick up their bike, he said.According to the police, repeated attempts by the couple's relatives to know the reason behind their decision to end their lives remained futile, and soon after Sunil disconnected the call. Even though the panicked relatives raised an alarm and rushed to the spot to save the couple, there was little they could do as the husband and wife were already dead by the time they found them.Police said that the brothers had lost their parents and that Sunil had got married to Nisha only four months back. They said investigators were still working on various theories to crack the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421220", "title": "Delhi high court upholds government takeover", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court has upheld the Delhi government's decision to take over the management of a private, state-aided school for its alleged irregularities and malpractices in administration and the rift within it.A bench of Chief Justice D Murugesan and Justice Rajiv Sahai Endlaw dismissed the plea of New Rajinder Nagar-based Vidya Bhawan Girls Senior Secondary School against LG's September 7, order for taking over the school management for next two years. The bench rejected the school's arguments that no inspection was carried by the education department before passing the order to take over its management.It was also argued that following the department's July 2010 showcause notice, it gave explanations over the allegations of irregularities and malpractices against the school management but no opportunity was given to it over the subsequent allegation of factions in the management. The court, however said, \"We are of the view that the impugned order does not suffer on the ground that non-speaking order of the petitioner (school) was issued with the said order without any opportunity to explain the subsequent events or for that matter, the inspection was not carried on before the impugned order was passed under Section 20 of the Act...\"The division bench that upheld the government's move also referred to the HC's order of April asking the government to take over the management immediately after some employees had approached the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420685", "title": "Police to question 5 top Zee officials", "text": "NEW DELHI: After twice asking Zee group chairman Subhash Chandra to come for questioning, Delhi Police on Thursday sent notice to five top officials of the media group to immediately join the probe into the Rs 100 crore extortion case lodged against it by the Jindal group. The five include Chandra, who is believed to have said he would be available next week, and the company's marketing and legal heads.Cops said they wanted to question top Zee officials to corroborate evidence collected so far. Sources said at least four other members of the group's editorial board may be asked to join investigations \"very soon\". Zee has denied the extortion charges and accused the Jindal group of trying to bribe its journalists.The two editors, Zee News head Sudhir Chaudhry and Zee Business head Samir Ahluwalia, will be produced in a local court on Friday after their two-day police remand ends. Police are unlikely to seek further custody and the media house has already moved a bail application for them.Chandra did not join the investigations for the second successive day. Crime branch sources said they would inform the court about this although the investigators are unlikely to seek a warrant for his appearance. In response to a notice send by investigators asking him to join investigations, police sources said Chandra sought more time, saying he is not in the country at present. Chandra is believed to have communicated this immediately after the first notice was sent to him.TOI tried to contact Zee CEO Alok Agarwal through his secretary Sabina Kadam, but was told that he was in an important meeting. \"Since he is our nodal officer who is dealing with the issue, we do not want any other message to reach the media. We will get back to you on Friday,\" Kadam said.Investigators have claimed Chandra's complicity in the alleged demand for money, saying he knew about the dealings between his employees and the Jindal group. Cops said that the recovery of an \"agreement\" reportedly forwarded by the Zee editors to the Jindal group - that mentions an ad deal of Rs 25 crore per year for four years - will hold the key to further investigations.The investigations on Thursday centred on tallying calls made between the two editors and Jindal group officials on four days (September 10, 13, 17 and 19) and verifying the statements given by them. They have claimed that forensic experts had validated the authenticity of the videotape submitted by Congress MP Naveen Jindal, containing purported conversations of the two Zee editors demanding Rs 100 crore for not airing damaging news about the company.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "17424381", "title": "More skywalks proposed in Coimbatore", "text": "COIMBATORE: The city municipal corporation has passed a proposal to construct a sky walk to serve as a foot over-bridge for pedestrians to cross busy traffic junctions at Ramanathapuram and Singanallur on Thursday.The civic body had earlier proposed similar structures in front of Coimbatore Medical College Hospital, Railway station, Ukkadam and in front of the new bus terminus on Mettupalayam Road. It has now decided to drop the proposal to erect the skywalk near Mettupalayam bus stand and Ukkadam and instead opt for the facility at Ramanathapuram and Singanallur.\"The corporation will forward the proposal to the state government and rope in technical experts to decide the estimated cost after which the design and project report will be finalised,\" said SM Velusamy, Coimbatore corporation mayor. The structures are being proposed to ensure safety of pedestrians trying to cross the road at these junctions where there is heavy traffic, he added.The state government has already announced another flyover near Ukkadam and hence the corporation decided to relocate its skywalk proposal to the new locations. However the feasibility factors will be further analysed before design and project reports are finalised. The corporation has suggested the installation of an escalator at the skywalks proposed near Coimbatore Medical College Hospital and Coimbatore Railway Station. The civic body has also decided to seek financial assistance from the state government to complete this project.\"The corporation should also explore the possibility of such a structure near Cross Cut Road, especially near Lakshmi Complex,\" said A Nandhakumar, leader of the Opposition, Coimbatore municipal corporation. The council meeting also saw south zone chairman M Perumalsamy seeking the inclusion of the newly added areas in the project interlinking the main service reservoirs of Siruvani and Pillur water schemes to ensure there is diversion of drinking water from Pillur to Siruvani fed areas.\"As of now only 24 wards within the old limits receiving Siruvani water will benefit from the project. We are requesting that the corporation ensures that the newly added areas of Kurichi and Kuniamuthur are also brought under the scope of the interlinking project,\" said M Perumalsamy. Kurichi and Kuniamuthur residents also face severe water shortage whenever there is a dip in Siruvani water level, he added.The corporation has also decided to regularise its plumbers. It has asked for all licensed plumbers to register with the civic body. The corporation has also decided to make amendments to its municipal bye laws to regularise plumbers to be authorised to give water supply and underground drainage connections within corporation limits. The corporation council passed 47 proposals at the council meeting.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "17426631", "title": "Bantwal again hottest in Karnataka", "text": "MANGALORE: Bantwal hobli in Bantwal taluk of Dakshina Kannada district recorded maximum temperature of 38.3 degrees celsius in Karnataka on November 29 at 3pm. Lowest minimum temperature of 10.8?C was recorded in Kunigal hobli, Kunigal taluk of Tumkur district on November 30 at 5.15am. Sadali in Sidlaghatta taluk of Chikkaballapura district recorded maximum rainfall of 2 mm in the last 24-hours up to 8.30am in Karnataka on Friday.Dry weather prevailed over Karnataka in the last 24-hours. Rainfall was negligible in 30 districts. North-East monsoon was weak in 30 districts. Very light rain was recorded in 12 districts and no rain in 18 districts.Karnataka for the period October 1 to November 30 recorded deficit rainfall of 20%. Against normal weighted average rainfall of 179.3mm in south-interior, north-interior, malnad and coastal parts, state recorded rainfall of 143mm. For 24-hours period ending 8.30am on November 30, four geographical regions received 0mm actual weighted average rainfall against normal weighted average rainfall of 0.6mm, a deficit of 100%.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422391", "title": "Land allotted for two CNG stations in Pune", "text": "PUNE: Vehicle owners can expect better supply of CNG in the days to come with the standing committee allocating land for two gas stations at Katraj and Gultekadi.\"The demand for the Compressed Natural Gas is rising while the number of gas stations is less. So, the standing committee has approved a proposal suggesting land allocation to the Maharashtra Natural Gas Company,\" said chairman of standing committee Baburao Chandere.Chandere said one station will come up near Katraj garbage ramp for which land measuring 750 sq meters will be given. The PMC will charge Rs 10 lakh per annum for this space. The second space of nearly 470 sq meters is near Gultekadi vehicle depot for which the civic body will charge around Rs 9 lakh per annum.\"An agreement of 30 years will be signed with the Maharashtra Natural Gas Company. The rent will be increased by 12% every three years,\" said Chandere.Earlier, the rickshaw unions had raised the demand for more CNG stations in the city. At present, there are 15 supply outlets where autorickshaw drivers and car owners have to spend at least three to four hours for refueling. Over 20,000 autorickshaws (nearly 45%) and over 4,500 four-wheelers in the city run on CNG.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17425367", "title": "Document leak case: CBI arrests retired wing commander", "text": "NEW DELHI: CBI has arrested a retired wing commander of Indian Air Force for his alleged involvement in leaking confidential documents, which were later provided by estranged associate of arms dealer Abhishek Verma to the agency.CBI sources said the retired official of IAF was taken into custody late last night in connection with leaking the documents related to the force.The agency sources said the retired officer is being questioned with regards to his association with Verma and his partners.They said his role had come to light during the call details analysis and statements of Verma.Meanwhile, the CBI will file its chargesheet in connection with alleged leak of confidential documents before the special CBI court here.The sources said that agency might give details of his role in the chargesheet in the case.They said the home ministry directive giving the go-ahead for filing of chargesheet has been received by the agency, and it may file chargesheet in the case before a special CBI court today.The CBI had registered a case against Verma and unknown government officials after a formal complaint was received from the Defence Ministry stating that documents purportedly provided by US-based attorney C Edmond Allen, Verma's business associate, were classified and violated the Official Secrets Act (OSA).The probe agency decided to register a case against Verma and unknown officials of the Defence Ministry under Section three of OSA (passing on sensitive information) and 120-B (criminal conspiracy).Allen had purportedly provided documents which deal with acquisition and future plans of the defence forces to CBI and other investigating agencies.The sources claimed that Allen had alleged that these documents were provided by Verma to show his influence in defence circles.The documents include acquisition plans for next five years for the Indian Air Force and some of them relate to acquisition of unmanned aerial vehicles and related system besides infrastructure developed by the IAF.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423110", "title": "LPG users in the dark as deadline looms", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the 'Know Your Customer' (KYC) deadline for multiple LPG users only hours away, there seems to be utter confusion in the city about just who needs to fill this form to save their gas connections. Thanks to inadequate publicity by the state-owned oil companies, hundreds of denizens are still clueless about the KYC procedure with many even unaware about November 30 being the last date for submission of the form.The KYC procedure was initiated by the Ministry of Petroleum and Natural Gas a few months ago to weed out multiple or 'ghost' connections across the country. While the initial deadline to submit this form was set as October 31, the ministry extended the deadline to November 30.\"We had heard about the KYC form, but nobody seemed to know by when it had to be submitted. Only today (Thursday) I realised that the deadline is tomorrow,\" said K Krishna Rao, a multiple LGP user from Banjara Hills, complaining about the chaos created around the new system.Consumers who have multiple LPG connections on the same name but with different address and consumers, who have multiple connections on two different names but with the same address, needs to fill the forms, officials said. Such LPG users have to approach their respective gas agencies to fill out a detailed form. A self-attested proof of identity and proof of address have to be submitted along with it at the centre to avoid cancellation of their LPG connections.\"Nobody from our area seems to be aware either of this rule or the deadline. Even our local gas dealers have not bothered to inform us about it,\" rued Sheikh Faheem, a resident of Rajendernagar. Not sure of being able to complete the formalities by end of the day, Faheem feared that the agency would use this as a weapon to extort money from him and his neighbours. \"They will now demand a lump some to save our connections from getting cancelled,\" said a visibly worried Faheem.Predictably, many single LPG users too were seen making a dash for their gas agency offices on Thursday fearing cancellation of their connections. It was only on reaching there that they realised that the procedure was not mandatory for such consumers. \"As I have a double connection on my name, I thought I too fall under the 'multiple user' category. The rules weren't clear to me,\" said a Sreedhar Rao, a resident of Begumpet.Oil companies, however, maintained that the norm was widely publicized and have even attracted good response from consumers. \"The list of users who need to fill the KYC form has been uploaded on the portal of their respective oil marketing companies. Consumers can just log in to these websites and check if their names figure on this list. Further, we have also widely advertised in leading dailies for the benefit of the customers,\" said N Srikumar, executive director (corporate communications &amp; branding), Indian Oil Corporation Ltd.Senior officials of Bharat Petroleum Corporation Ltd too argued that their consumers were 'well-informed' about the new system. \"We have not received any queries regarding KYC. I do not see what the chaos is about,\" the official said.Highly-placed sources from oil companies hinted at the possibility of a third extension in the last date for filling KYC forms. They claimed that a formal announcement to this effect might be made on November 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421088", "title": "Thugs drugged travellers with pinch of salt", "text": "LUCKNOW: Sachets of salt and sugar provided by railways with food-packs came in handy for Kuldip Singh to drug passengers into slumber before he fled with their cash and valuables. He used to inject narcotics, using a tooth-pick into the sachet and seal it with an adhesive. He used to sprinkle the same on the food of fellow passengers insidiously and drug them to sleep.While he used to rob passengers of all their belongings, including clothes, he never forgot to call up the near and dear ones using the victim's mobile phone to inform them about the crime before getting off the train.The man, involved in a series of drugging incidents, targeted passengers travelling only in AC coaches. Working in collusion with three others, including Nisha Singh, Kuldip was a prize catch for Government Railway Police (GRP) with a reward of Rs 10,000 on his head. The man was arrested from platform no. 8 of Charbagh station on Thursday after GRP acted on a tip-off. This is the second time he and his woman accomplice have landed in police net.The first thing he used to rob passengers off was their ATM card. The gang, including Mukesh Sonkar who has several cases of loot lodged against him at various police stations in Lucknow and Ravi Chaudhary, son of Nisha Singh, used to indulge in shopping using the ATM card of the victim on the very day the crime was committed. They also used to withdraw all the money from the victim's account after the theft.GRP of other states like MP, Rajasthan, Maharashtra and Tamil Nadu were also on the look-out for the gang. Kuldip was arrested by Mumbai police in 2006 and by Lucknow police in 2010. It was in October 2011 that Kuldip fled from the court after drugging the constable. Since then he had been at large. In the meantime, he committed at least 20 incidents of 'zehar-khurani' (drug and rob) in several trains, before he was arrested on Thursday by GRP Lucknow.Kuldip, a resident of Haryana, who at present has Lucknow as his address will be imposed with severe charges this time, said Manoj Kumar Singh, SP, GRP. Police recovered several ATM cards, SIM cards, jewellery, foreign currency mainly Euro and Saudi Rial and cameras from the gang.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17423902", "title": "TOI Social Impact Awards 2012: Picking the true changemakers", "text": "From a cascade of applications from all corners of the country, a rainbow of organizations emerged after the first round of shortlisting for the TOI Social Impact Awards 2012. Entries and documents submitted by the shortlisted 67 entities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d NGOs, corporate-backed bodies, government entities \u00e2\u20ac\u201d have now been given to an experts' panel for detailed evaluation. And then the stage will be set for the final selection by an eminent jury.The shortlisted entries span five sectors \u00e2\u20ac\u201d education, health, livelihoods , environment and advocacy &amp; empowerment. Within each sector three awards will be given, one each for an NGO, corporate and government entity.Twenty experts will closely review the shortlist, bringing their vast experience into the evaluation process. Most of these experts have two to three decades of experience in the field, and have been associated with the voluntary sector.\"Some exciting work is being done and that must be brought to the knowledge of as many as possible,\" says Major Sabyasachi Chatterjee, one of the experts in the livelihood sector. Chatterjee is a scientific consultant at the office of the principal scientific advisor to the Government of India. He was earlier associated with developmental work in the department of science and technology.\"As it is, institutions of higher learning offer little recognition for socially-relevant research in rural areas, and therefore, this is one mechanism to highlight contributions of a few torch-bearers ,\" he adds. Commenting on this year's entries, Kartik Shanker, professor at the Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore, felt that this year's entries are much better.\"I feel these things take time to catch on in terms of both applications and the prestige, and that is, of course, inter-related ,\" he said. The experts will evaluate the entries on seven key criteria: scale of impact, replicability, sustainability, finances, people's participation, innovativeness , and promotion of equity . The same criteria were used for the first shortlist by three Mumbai -based organizations, Dasra, GiveIndia and Guidestar India.This year's Awards process has been marked by several new features which includes a simplified initial online application form, recommendation of worthy entities by a National Search Panel comprising eminent people from the developmental field and a more interactive set-up for entrants. Major Chatterjee felt that the process has \"definitely improved compared to last year\".The shortlist after Phase 1 consists of 75 entries distributed over the five sectors as follows: Education (16), Health (15), Livelihoods (18), Environment (14), and Advocacy &amp; Empowerment (12). Some entities have been shortlisted in more than one sector. There are 23 entries from corporate-backed organisations, 12 from government agencies or institutions , and 40 from NGOs.The experts will grade each entry after evaluation on a grading matrix. The graded entries will be ranked and the top three from each category in each sector will constitute the second shortlist. Field visits will be made to each of the 45 final shortlisted entrants to cross-check various aspects such as the impact on the ground and involvement of people in field areas. Finally, a sevenmember jury will meet in the first week of January to scrutinize the final short list and select the 15 winners : for the three awards in each of the five sectors. The jury will be guided by the experts' evaluations as well as the field reports. The awards ceremony is scheduled for January 28, 2013 in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17423328", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcAjit Pawar\u00e2\u20ac\u2122s return just a matter of time\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: Calls for Ajit Pawar's comeback started emerging from within the NCP ranks even before the white paper on the irrigation scam was presented before the cabinet on Thursday evening. Meanwhile, sources said Pawar's re-entry into the state cabinet was almost certain following the presentation of the white paper. The only thing that was yet to be decided was the timing of the move, they added.Around 3pm on Thursday, NCP spokesperson and legislator Nawab Malik said party activists wanted him to rejoin the government and would convey their feelings to the leadership. The cabinet meeting, incidentally, began only after 7.30pm.Calls for Pawar's comeback before the winter session of the state legislature, which begins on December 10, came from several NCP leaders and activists through Thursday. However, another section of NCP as well as Congress leaders was wary that \"any haste\" in this regard could lead to a loss of face for the government.Malik said the party had always maintained that the allegations levelled against Pawar were baseless. He also explained that Pawar had made the reasons behind his resignation known while stepping down on September 25. \"Ajit Pawar had specified that he was stepping down to ensure that there were no allegations that he influenced the preparation of the white paper,\" he added.When asked if the presentation of a white paper by the water resources department was sufficient to wash off the graft taint, Malik reiterated that the party had always claimed that the charges of corruption were without any basis.At the time of stepping down, Pawar had said he was prepared for an inquiry. Malik, however, said no demand for an inquiry had been raised, adding that the white paper was a status paper.A senior NCP leader, on condition of anonymity, said Pawar was anxious to make a comeback.The NCP-controlled department had already prepared copies of the white paper indicating that the presentation in the cabinet was a mere formality. NCP sources said the final decision on the timing of Pawar's comeback would rest with Sharad Pawar.The NCP chief and CM Prithviraj Chavan are understood to have already held deliberations on the issue of his comeback.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421327", "title": "Four degrees celsius dip gives Mumbai the shivers", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbaikars experienced a chilly Thursday morning as the mercury plunged by four degrees celsius. Santa Cruz recorded a minimum temperature of 15.8 degree celsius\u00e2\u20ac\u201dalmost four degrees below normal.The city experienced its second-lowest November temperature of the decade on November 19 as the mercury dipped as low as 14.6 degrees. However, the temperature stabilized soon after.After fluctuating between 18 and 19 degrees celsius for over a week, the night-time temperature fell once again bringing another wave of winter. The weather department said the northern chill is affecting Mumbai. \"The temperature in the north has fallen. Since the cold northerly winds are hitting Mumbai, the temperature has dipped,\" said VK Rajeev, director of weather forecast at the India Meteorological Department (IMD).Other cities in Maharashtra too witnessed a little dip in the night-time temperature. Malegaon and Pune recorded 10 degrees and 13 degrees on Thursday. Ahmednagar (13 degrees) and Aurangabad (14 degrees) also experienced cool weather on Thursday.Meanwhile, in Mumbai the day-time temperature also witnessed a dip. On Thursday, Colaba recorded minimum temperature of 20 degrees, almost two degrees below normal.However, Colaba recorded a day-time temperature of 30.7 degrees\u00e2\u20ac\u201dabout two degrees below normal and Santa Cruz recorded 32.2 degrees, which was normal, according to the IMD.The weather department said the chill is likely to continue for a day or two.\"For the next one or two days, the temperature is likely to remain similar to that on Thursday. After that it is likely to stabilize,\" said Rajeev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "17424194", "title": "DM gets tough on Gaya land mafia", "text": "GAYA: For the last several years, the land mafia in connivance with the revenue officials, had been rampantly engaged in all kinds of fraudulent exercises in the district, particularly in Bodh Gaya and town blocks of the district and even government lands were sold by the mafia to gullible purchasers, quite a few of them being foreigners interested in conducting charity work in Bodh Gaya.According to sources, a variety of malpractices have been engineered by the land mafia and the misdeeds of the mafia include sale of government land, multiple sale of the same plot and sale of the land settled with the deprived sections with the condition that the government did not vest the right to sale or otherwise transfer the settled land to somebody else.The recent boom in the real estate and the emergence of Bodh Gaya as an important tourist destination gave a fillip to land prices, thereby making land-related frauds all the more lucrative. Moreover, UNESCO's guidelines for preservation and maintenance of the Mahabodhi Shrine, a world heritage site, envisaging regulation of new constructions, relocation of some existing structures including the Bodh Gaya block office, High School etc. resulted in sky rocketing prices in peripheral areas.In Gaya town, besides encroaching and manipulating records to create ground for title over the Police Lines land, forest department land, Falgu banks, the land mafia got several water bodies including tanks and ponds filled with municipal waste and debri, thereby making water bodies in several localities of the town including Gewalbigha, New Karimganj and Bania Pokhar non-existent and these plots were subsequently sold at sub-market prices. In several cases, concrete structures came up virtually overnight on such former water bodies.Questionable land transactions, according to official sources also do have severe implications on the law and order situation and a significant number of complainants visiting the Janata Durbars of senior officials happen to be the victims of lane mafia operations. District magistrate Bandana Preyashi has directed revenue officials to revisit cases of questionable land transactions and cancel, mutation and other related entries made in government records in a clandestine manner.According to Preyashi, orders have been passed for cancellation of revenue register entries based on wrongful transactions of all categories of land. Moreover, a software has been installed in the land registration office to prevent such frauds in future. Conceding the involvement of revenue officials, the DM said that all this was simply not possible without the active involvement of revenue employees. \"Action will also be taken against government employees found to be facilitators of such fraud,\" said the DM.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422328", "title": "Actor Girish Karnad to be honoured with Tanveer Sanman", "text": "PUNE: Filmmaker and actor Girish Karnad will get the Tanveer Sanman-2012, an award instituted by noted actor Shriram Lagoo in the memory of his late son. The Natyadharmee Puraskar will be given to city-based theatre veteran Pradeep Vaidya.The award ceremony will be held at the Yashwantrao Chavan Natyagruha at 6.15 pm on December 9. Filmmaker Jabbar Patel, Kannada actor Arundhati Nag and drama therapist Anand Chabukswar will give away the awards.The Tanveer Sanman annual award, instituted by Roopwedh Pratishthan in 2004, comprises Rs 1 lakh, a memento and a certificate. The Natyadharmee Puraskar is a fellowship of the Pratishthan worth Rs 30,000.\"The objective of Roopwedh Pratishthan is to honour theatre personalities known for their work at the national level. The Tanveer Sanman is given to personalities who have made rich contributions to theatre, but are not in the spotlight any more. The award aims to highlight the hard work of those personalities who have built today's theatre and whose legacy inspires the young,\" said veteran actor and president of Roopwedh Pratishthan Deepa Lagoo, at a press conference on Thursday.Lagoo said that Karnad's name shines brightly in the filament of the Indian cultural landscape. \"His is a multifaceted personality that of playwright, screen writer, actor and director in Kannada.\"Karnad served as the director of the Film and Television Institute of India (1974-75) and the chairman of Sangeet Natak Akademi (1988-93) and also the chairman for the joint media committee of the Indo-US Sub-commission on education and culture (1988-93). Most recently, Karnad also served as director of the Nehru Centre and as Minister of Culture in the High Commission London.Pradeep Vaidya, the winner of Natyadharmee Puraskar, has a rich experience of 14 years covering all aspects of theatre. He has written over 15 scripts, designed lighting for 100 plays including one-act plays, gave music for 35 plays and directed five plays.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422401", "title": "Karnataka high court directives boost Pune Municipal Corporation's effort to segregate garbage at source", "text": "PUNE: The Karnataka high court issued directives on handling and management of garbage is going to strengthen the Pune Municipal Corporation's (PMC) efforts to segregate garbage at source.Following the public interest litigation filed by Bangalore based NGO Environmental Support Group's (ESG), the HC last week said it is mandatory to segregate waste at source. The HC directed that all municipal waste in Bangalore should be segregated at the household level and transported to composting and recycling units without mixing the segregated garbage. The court on Thursday gave a two-month deadline to the government to set up segregation and wet waste centres in 28 assembly constituencies in two months.\"The PMC's efforts to segregate garbage at source faced hurdles from elected representatives. The administration had planned to give the door-to-door garbage collection contract to a city-based NGO SWaCH. However, elected representatives said that other NGOs should also be involved in the process. The entire process is still incomplete. The HC directives will now be highlighted by the civic administration to convince the elected representatives and approve the proposal\" said one of the senior civic officials.The General Body (GB) last year rejected a proposal to set aside Rs 4.32 crore to assist door-to-door collection of garbage by SWaCH organization and asked the civic administration to work on a model to incorporate other organisations in garbage collection so that rag pickers can benefit from the initiative. SWaCH is authorised by the PMC to provide door-to-door waste collection and other waste management services, including resource recovery, trade and waste processing.The civic administration has admitted that despite efforts, the civic body had failed to achieve 100% segregation of dry and wet garbage at source. Today, only 30-35% of the total garbage collected in the city is segregated at source.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421055", "title": "Govt committed to promote Urdu: Akhilesh Yadav", "text": "LUCKNOW: Chief minister Akhilesh Yadav has termed Urdu as a language that promotes brotherhood and respect among people. Stating Urdu as an important and a pan-Indian language, the chief minister pointed out the language is being used at many places in government work. The CM was speaking as the chief guest at a symposium on 'Promotion of Urdu, problems and prospects' organised under the aegis of Urdu Virasat Karvan at the state tourism department auditorium on Thursday.Akhilesh informed that the state government has taken many path breaking decisions to promote Urdu and would take many more in the coming future.The budgetary allocations have also been done to promote the language, he added. He also congratulated organisers of the event and said that holding of such an event in the city of Lucknow, which is famous for the Ganga-Jamuni culture, would send a good message across the country.\"Hindi and Urdu are so intertwined with each other that while speaking Hindi, Urdu words come and vice versa. Urdu adds weight to a statement and discussions. This is the reason that speaker use Urdu words in their speeches in parliament and legislative assemblies to make it more effective,\" he said.The CM also said that other than English and Hindi, a software for Urdu would be loaded in all the laptops and tablet PCs that the government proposes to distribute free of cost in coming days.Earlier, chairman of the Press Council of India, Justice Markandey Katju said that there is a lot of diversity in the mixed culture of India. Referring to the divide and rule policy of the British in the pre-Independence era, Justice Katju said to divide the freedom struggle they propagated Hindi as a language of Hindus and Urdu as a language of Muslims. He further said that time has come when both languages should be promoted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420845", "title": "Only IG-rank officers to use Section 66A", "text": "NEW DELHI: Jolted by the uproar over recent arrests in Mumbai, the government on Thursday moved in to minimize the possibility of misuse of Section 66A of the Information Technology Act by proposing to strip junior police officers of the power to order action, including arrests for alleged violations.The power is proposed to be vested with a senior police officer, not below the rank of inspector general of police in the metros. In case of rural areas and non-metros, no action for violation of Section 66A can be taken until cleared by an officer of the rank of deputy commissioner of police, a top government functionary who did not wish to be identified said.Currently, a case can be registered by an officer who is in-charge of a police station, resulting in several instances of harassment, including the recent one at Palghar where two college going girls were arrested at night for just wondering on a social networking site whether the stand-wide bandh in Maharashtra after Balasaheb Thackeray's death was justified.The thana-level ultra-zealousness and an array of undefined offences \u00e2\u20ac\u201d from being offensive to menacing \u00e2\u20ac\u201d has turned Section 66A of the IT Act into a tool for gagging freedom of speech.Section 66A treats sending messages which are \"offensive, menacing, or that which can cause hatred\" as an offence that can result in a jail term of up to three years.Although the proposal to restrict the application of the section to senior officers does not do away with the root cause- a vaguely worded provision which can be interpreted diversely and flexibly to harass those who may not be willing to conform-, officials justified it as a welcome interim measure. \"It will certainly be a deterrent against rampant misuse\", said an official, even as civil society activists felt that a repeal of the provision was needed.The proposal to insert safeguards was discussed at a meeting of the Cyber Regulation Advisory Committee headed by communications and IT minister Kapil Sibal , which met after a long hiatus. However, the meeting was hijacked by two sections of the IT Act \u00e2\u20ac\u201d 66A and 79 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d following the recent uproar over the arrest of two girls in Palghar over a comment on a bandh-like situation in Mumbai after Bal Thackeray's death.Maharashtra Police had followed it up with the detention of Sunil Vishwakarma, a 20-year-old student, on Wednesday after spotting offensive content against MNS chief Raj Thackeray on his Facebook page. Other instances of the police using the controversial Section 66A are now coming to light.As a result, a bulk of the time at the advisory panel meeting was devoted to a strategy to douse the fire. \"There are procedural difficulties faced. We are going to circulate to all state governments guidelines with regard to registering any complaints under Section 66A,\" the government functionary said.\"There was a consensus that the provisions of Section 66A and Section 79 of the Information Technology Act, 2000 are quite contextual. However, the consensus suggested that a suitable clarification in the form of guidelines in this regard be issued by the government to states and Union Territories to clarify the intent and enable uniform implementation across the country. A consensus on the content of the draft guidelines was also arrived at,\" an official statement said.The Centre, however, skirted the issue of amending the law saying that the power vests with Parliament.Officials in the communications and IT ministry, however, said the government was hoping misuse could be checked merely through proper implementation of the law. \"It is unlikely that a senior officer, who is at least of DCP rank, will decide in way that results in harassment,\" an official said.The official release said that on Section 79 of the Act, which deals with general norms and security measures at cyber cafes, the panel discussed how to reduce difficulties.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422406", "title": "Civic bodies to be sensitized on Right to Education", "text": "PUNE: The state government has directed municipal corporations and zilla parishads across the state to hold a special general body meeting in their respective jurisdiction on Friday to sensitize elected members and office-bearers about the Right to Education (RTE) Act, 2009.The elected representatives are to be provided booklets giving information about the Act. Samples of RTE presentations, banners and RTE films will be provided in a CD format. The action taken report has to be sent to the Maharashtra Prathamik Shikshan Parishad, which had earlier sent letters to chief executive officers (CEO) of all zilla parishads (ZP) and municipal commissioners in the state to hold the meeting in their respective areas.The implementation of RTE Act 2009 began on April 1, 2010. This Act has a provision for giving free and compulsory education to children in the age group of 6 to 14 years. 'Shikshan Hakka Abhiyan', presided over by the chief minister, had started on September 11, 2012, for effective implementation of this Act.A special GB meeting has to be held on November 30 for giving information about the important provisions of this act to the members and office-bearers of all municipal corporations. The officers of the education department will provide the guidance to corporators and civic office-bearers, said a government resolution (GR) issued by the state urban development department (UDD) recently.PCMC additional commissioner Prakash Kadam said the special general body meeting will be held in Pimpri-Chinchwad on December 1. Kadam said the adjourned civic general body meetings for the month of October and November were scheduled for November 26 and 27 respectively. \"We had requested the state government to allow us to hold an hour-long session in any one of these meetings, but it was not accepted. A three-day prior notice has to be given to the members about the GB meeting,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422656", "title": "MMC setting up revenue recovery squad", "text": "MARGAO: Aimed at shoring up its coffers, the Margao municipal council (MMC) is in the process of constituting a revenue recovery squad tasked specifically to target defaulters and recover their dues.MMC is also considering offering the squad members monetary incentives linked to their performance.Confirming this, chief officer Srinet Kothwale said the recovery squad is likely to become operational by next week. \"The squad will have to meet the targets assigned to them,\" Kothwale added.MMC faces the daunting task of recovering arrears of house tax and rentals amounting to nearly 5crore. There are over 40,000 houses registered with the MMC. Demand notices have already been issued to thousands of defaulters.The revenue recovery squad, as part of its task, will also conduct random checks of shops and business establishments in the city to verify if the units possess mandatory trade and establishment licences.\"If the squad, during its random check, finds that a particular unit is plying the trade without having a valid trade license, it will issue a show-cause notice to the owner on the spot, asking him to obtain the trade license from the MMC within two weeks or face action as per legal provisions,\" Kothwale said.While the MMC has just 650 commercial establishments registered with it, the number of establishments plying their trade without the mandatory trade licence could be several times more, sources said. Besides, the arrears of trade tax, including penalties, amount to over 1.4 cr, it is learnt.With a view to simplify the procedure of obtaining trade licence, MMC has written to the directorate of health services and the fire and emergency services to consider exempting certain categories of traders from having to obtain the NOCs from their respective departments.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423223", "title": "Goof-up in Gujarat University question paper irks students", "text": "AHMEDABAD: More than 950 MA Part Two students made a representation to Gujarat University (GU) officials on Thursday, asking them to ensure that they are not penalized for university officials' failure to rectify a mistake in the Cost Accountancy paper given to them at the HK Commerce College exam centre.Students said they appeared for the paper at 9.30 am and first noticed that question number one of the paper which was worth 14 marks had an error. \"The amount specified in the question was wrong due to which it was difficult to arrive at the correct answer. We pointed out the mistake to the supervisor who in turn contacted GU authorities. The officials asked us to answer the question using the amount specified in the question paper,\" said a student.The students obeyed the directives of the officials and answered the paper. \"However, when we met students who had appeared in other exam centres, we were told that GU officials there had rectified the question.\"This left the students worried and angry. They promptly went to the GU office to register a complaint. \"Since the question was worth 14 marks, it can affect our chances of passing the exam. We requested GU authorities to ensure that injustice is not done to us because of their mistake,\" students said.Meanwhile, GU's examination controller, Rajesh Patel, could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424058", "title": "24 stolen in 48 hours, Gurgaon cops fail to nail vehicle thieves", "text": "GURGAON: Police have failed to end the menace of vehicle theft in the city. Fourteen vehicles, including 11 bikes and three cars, were stolen in the 24 hours till Tuesday night in the city. All the stolen bikes were either Splendor Plus or Splender Pro. Ten more vehicles were stolen on Wednesday.In Cyber City, there are organized vehicle thieves operating. On an average, 10 to 11 vehicles are stolen by the gangs every day. Within 24 hours on the weekend 14 vehicles were stolen in different parts of the city.Vehicle lifters stole a Tata Manza car from the service road near the Dronacharya Metro station late on Tuesday evening, when the car owner was going to see off his friend at the Metro station. When he returned, his car was missing. An FIR has been lodged with the Metro police station on the statement of car owner Bharat Lal Chobe, resident of DLF Phase-III.In an another case, Yogendra, resident of Sector 15 Part-II also lodged a compliant with Sector 29 police that his Maruti Esteem car, which was parked in front of the Huda Gymkhana Club, was stolen on Tuesday. A Skoda Rapid TDI car was stolen from near Huda City Centre Metro station on Tuesday morning and Sushant Lok police lodged an FIR on the complaint of car owner Rishi Raj Walia, resident of Malibu Towne, Sohna Road, Gurgaon.A Splendor Plus bike of Manoj Kumar, resident of Pukharpur village, was stolen from the Mini Secretariat on Tuesday. A Splendor Plus bike of Anil, resident of Okhla Vihar Delhi, was stolen from Sukhrali village and %a Splendor bike belonging %to Vijay Bhardwaj, resident of Ashok Vihar, was also stolen.A Splendor bike was stolen from Sector 8 of IMT, Manesar. The bike owner, Ashok Kumar, resident of Khoh village, lodged an FIR with Manesar police. A Splender Pro of Jaibhan, a Splendor Plus of Rakesh, Splendor Pro of Rajesh, Splendor plus of Varun Sharma and Splendor Plus of Mohmmad Nasim were also stolen from different places in the 24 hours till Tuesday night.A senior police officer said some bike-stealing gangs, which were busted in the past and whose members were out on bail, may be active again.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426279", "title": "VV Vinayak unveils his new weapon", "text": "VV Vinayak and Rajamouli are directors who generally use different types of weapons in their films to ensure that the hero gets mass appeal. We've seen VV Vinayak use designer weapons for lead actors Yogi (Prabhas), Lakshmi (Venkatesh), Allu Arjun (Badrinath) and elevate their mass appeal. Rajamouli too did the same with films like Simhadri (Jr NTR), Ravi Teja (Vikramarkudu), etc.Continuing this trend, VV Vinayak used a designer sword in Ram Charan's upcoming film Naayak. While we're not sure whether Charan uses it to hunt villains but one of the working stills of the film reveals the above photo in which director Vinayak narrates a scene to the actor with the word in the hand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17424947", "title": "NEP's Varun and Nithya in love!", "text": "Love has been in the air with Varun and Nithya's story aptly accompanied by evergreen melodies spanning three decades of their life. NEP covers two odd hours of these happy moments. \"There are so many moments in their life that people will relate to, which will not feature in the film. We want people to watch these moments, get to know Varun and Nithya better before coming to watch their story on screen\", says Gautham Vasudev Menon.A special treat for the eyes are awaiting with the selected scenes being released almost a month before the release of the film! Yes you heard us right the Team NEP is going two steps ahead by releasing the scenes before the release of the movie unlike the standard practice world over where the DVD is released after the movie release.The scenes will feature Varun and Nithya in school, college and as adults. A few scenes will feature scenes between Varun and his best friend Prakash (played by Santhanam in Tamil and Krishnadu in Telugu) will also be a part of this innovative campaign.The campaign takes a cue from the tagline \"this could be your love story\" and will feature moments like \"this could be your first date\", \"this could be your first fight\" or \"this could be your birthday party\". The makers of the film are extremely confident that most people will relate to these moments and see them as incidents straight out of their lives - We can't agree more can't we?Set for the December 14 release, Neethane Enn Ponnvasantham 's crew is innovating on the go by releasing an online, TV and theatrical campaign, featuring scenes that are not part of the film, a fuel to already sky high expectations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17424958", "title": "IAS dowry case: Police first want to verify allegations", "text": "BHOPAL: The police on Thursday said it would first verify the allegations levelled by the complainant in the incident wherein a probationer IAS officer and his family were booked in a dowry case on the complaint of the wife of additional director general of police (ADG) Swarn Singh.The accused in the case is Harjinder Singh, who is posted in Hoshangabad, and whose family is based in Chandigarh.The Habibganj police said before rounding up the accused, they have asked complainant family to produce the documents, including photographs, invitation cards and venue details of the pre-marriage function (engagement).The accused would be rounded up only after verifying the charges leveled against him, said a senior police official involved in the investigations.Meanwhile, no police team was sent for investigations in Hoshangabad on Thursday. A police official had gone to the neighboring district on Wednesday, but had returned without meeting the accused, the officials added.The complainant side had alleged that the officer and his family demanded crores of rupees dowry to marry their daughter.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17420824", "title": "Uttar Pradesh govt shows 'Red' card to whistleblower officer", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a new twist to the Rs 1,400 crore scam in UP's rural engineering department (Red), the state government on Wednesday transferred whistleblower officer Hari Shankar Pandey from his post of special secretary, rural engineering department. Pandey, who was transferred to the department of national integration in the same capacity, took charge in his new office on Thursday.The 1978-batch Provincial Civil Services officer had, in a series of letters to top officials in Red, highlighted instances of large-scale fund irregularities in the department and demanded a complete audit of Red's works between 2007 and 2012. Most of Pandey's allegations of financial mismanagement were upheld in an audit report of the Comptroller and Auditor General, based on an assessment of only 25% works undertaken by the RED between 2007 and 2012, when the Bahujan Samaj Party government was in power.In a series of letters to the state government, copies of which are with TOI, Pandey has detailed the extent of financial mismanagement being effected in the Red. In his letter, dated November 5, 2012, to principal secretary Red, for instance, the senior PCS officer has said the CAG audit team made serious allegations of financial mismanagement in the Red between 2007 and 2012. Though the director of the department, Uma Shankar, was asked to explain the financial irregularities, he was unable to give a satisfactory answer to the CAG team. Following this, on April 23, 2012, the CAG also held an entry conference with the principal secretary Red to explain the audit objectives, methodology and criteria.Referring to financial mismanagement of Rs 1401.37 crore in all construction activities undertaken by Red, Pandey, in his letter, also quotes the CAG report which has slammed the Red for poor planning, internal control, financial mismanagement and for allowing officials to violate all rule and regulations to effect a systematic breakdown of the government machinery. He has also, in fact, held the department's incumbent director and chief engineer, Uma Shankar, responsible, as the head of department for allowing the mismanagement to continue, also never initiating any disciplinary action against persons after the anomalies were brought to light.Not only asking for a complete audit of all works in the rural engineering department, as had been recommended by the CAG audit report, Pandey has also suggested to the government that the government should not allow Uma Shankar to hold the post of director of Red until such time that he is absolved of all charges of corruption. Interestingly, Uma Shankar, in an earlier case, has been accused of tampering with his date of birth in official documents available with the state government. According to these allegations, the officer reduced his age by six years. As a result, Uma Shankar continues to be in service even though he should have, officially, retired in October 2011.In another letter to principal secretary Red, Pandey, on November 9, 2012, has also taken on Uma Shankar for having executed financial powers in violation of his appointment as director in an ad-hoc capacity. Though Shankar's appointment was regularized on March 5, 2010 -- he was appointed in ad-hoc capacity on July 19, 2007 -- he executed financial decisions in direct violation of existing government orders during the intervening period. When TOI contacted Uma Shankar's office, he was unable for comment.Though the incumbent Samajwadi Party government was informed about the charges made and the financial losses to the state exchequer as a result, the state government has not, so far, initiated any disciplinary action against any officer of the Red. Though the chief secretary set up a three-member enquiry committee to investigate charges of tampering with his birth date against Uma Shankar, the findings of the report are also, as yet, pending.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "17427348", "title": "Michael Jordan banned from golf club for breaking dress code", "text": "WASHINGTON: Basketball legend Michael Jordan has been barred from a country club in Miami for wearing cargo shorts on its golf course and refusing to change.According to the LA Times , the 49-year-old former NBA star was in the middle of playing 18 holes at La Gorce Country Club, when he was asked to return to the clubhouse and change his cargo shorts.When Jordan refused, the club asked that he never return, and he left, ABC News reported.A club member said that the club has a strict dress code and that members have been reprimanded for not tucking in shirts or wearing flip flops instead of shoes.\"Michael Jordan did wear cargo pants. He had been there many times before and had worn cargo pants previously, and had never been made aware that he was violating any dress code,\" Jordan's representative said in a statement.\"This time, he was made aware of the violation on the 12th hole, and at that point he did refuse to interrupt his game, and return to the clubhouse and change.\"We were not aware that he is not allowed to return to La Gorce. I guess it's their loss -- as MJ is a great golfer, and a great guest,\" the representative added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17420888", "title": "Final tender for supply of tablet PCs, laptops to be awarded by UP govt on January 7", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Uttar Pradesh government on Thursday hosted the pre-bid conference for its ambitious free tablet PCs for students who have cleared class 10th. Taking queries regarding technical specifications of the tablet PCs, a technical assessment committee will now address the issues by December 11, 2012. The final tender allocation for supply of tablets to the state government will be awarded on January 7, 2013.On Thursday, Micromax, HCL, HP, Lava, Samsung, Bharat Electricals and government-run ITIs turned in queries regarding distribution of tablets in Uttar Pradesh.Earlier, the government invited tenders for the supply of 26.62 lakh tablets for distribution among all children passing class 10th in UP. Thursday was also the last date for submission of bids for third party inspection of 15 lakh laptops. Distribution of laptops and tablets was an electoral promise made by the Samajwadi Party to all meritorious students who cleared classes X and XII.In July, the government formulated a detailed distribution plan that covers government schools and institutions. In the second phase, gadgets will be distributed to government-aided institutions, including madrassas recognised by the Madrassa Board and Sanskrit Education Board. In the third phase, distribution will be done to unaided institutions followed by CBSE and ICSE recognized schools and institutions in the fourth and final phase.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "17428463", "title": "'HIV cases on rise among gays, transgenders'", "text": "INDORE: Lack of awareness, feeling to spread virus in others and multiple sex partners are making the city's younger population contracting HIV infection at much faster rate. The incidence is higher in men who have sex with men (MSM group or gays) and transgenders.While the incidences of HIV among gays have shot up by nearly 36% in Mumbai in the past two years, the figures in the city are equally disturbing. As per the estimates of the organization working for the people living with HIV, there is a rise of at least 10 per cent in figures in comparison to last year.\"The city is growing and so is the number of people flowing inside-out. In the urban population of age group 19-25 years, we have seen increase in number of HIV prevalence,\" said a member of community wishing anonymity who is also working for ensuring the rights of those affected with HIV/ AIDS.\"Though government boasts of many steps taken by it for curbing the virus spread, initiatives are not reaching till the grassroot level. Government has strong policies but they do not reach to the people. A large section is still unaware about the disease, protection and complications. Labour class needs to be educated more to curb its spread,\" said the member.Professor, department of medicine, Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital (MYH) Dr VP Pandey, told TOI, \"The rate of HIV infection is much higher in MSM group and transgenders. Nearly 8-10% people of the community are having HIV infection.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17426561", "title": "50 Shades of Grey inspires baby names", "text": "Aiden and Sophia may still hold the crown for \"world's most popular baby names,\" but Mad Men's Betty, several characters from the erotic novel 'Fifty Shades of Grey,' and even Apple products are moving up the list fast .BabyCenter released its annual global list of top 100 baby names for 2012, and Aiden took the top boys' spot for the eighth consecutive year, while Sophia sits at the top for girls for the third year in a row, the Daily Mail reported.But several trending names made headway this year, including the Fifty Shades of Grey-inspired Anastasia, rising by 10 per cent, Ana moving up 35 spots, and Grey rinsing by nearly 20 per cent. Christian, however, actually declined in popularity.BabyCenter's global editor in chief, Linda Murray, told Today: \"Earlier this year we heard moms telling us... 'this book is an aphrodisiac,' and it's helping them get pregnant. So it was not a surprise to see these names coming up the list.\"\"I'm wondering how the moms are going to explain the inspiration for these names in a few years,' she added.However the biggest gain in the top 100 was the name Betty, up 54 percent this year thanks to Betty Draper's character on 'Mad Men,' coupled with a growing trend in old-fashioned names.But BabyCenter also pointed out that technology, namely the iPhone , is also having a big effect on 2012 trending baby names.Apple, the name of Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter, is up 15 per cent for girls, while Mac is up 12 per cent, and Siri, the name of Apple's talking personal assistant, jumped five per cent on the girls list.\"This was a surprise to us this year. We hadn't seen Apple rise when Gwyneth Paltrow named her daughter, but people love their technology,\" Murray said.The top 100 name list is based on the names of 450,000 babies born this year to mothers worldwide registered with the BabyCenter website.Filling the other spots on the top ten girls list are Emma, Olivia, Isabella, Ava, Lily, Zoe, Chloe, Madison, and making a debut in the list, Mia.After Aiden on the boy's top ten came Jackson, Ethan, Liam, Mason, Noah, Lucas, Jacob, Jayden and also making a debut this year, Jack.Harry is up 57 per cent from the 2011 list, and Duchess Kate's sister, Pippa, increased by 35 per cent.\"People love Harry and Pippa. They're less in the spotlight than Will and Kate,\" Murray said.2012's hottest names for girls are :1. Sophia2. Emma3. Olivia4. Isabella5. Ava6. Lily7. Zoe8. Chloe9. Mia10. MadisonTop names for boys are:1. Aiden2. Jackson3. Ethan4. Liam5. Mason6. Noah7. Lucas8. Jacob9. Jayden10. Jack", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422527", "title": "IFFI debates bring focus on govt role in films", "text": "PANAJI: The reigning theme of debates at the International film festival of India (Iffi), which draws to a close on Friday, was the need for a proactive role from the state to promote authentic cinema. Starting from the prominent international film personalities to budding film-makers who attended the ten-day event, everyone was unanimous in suggesting that film is too important a cultural vehicle to be left entirely to the mercy of ruthless market forces.There is no undermining of the importance of the blockbusters as mass entertainment programmes, but governments must recognize the critical contributions that films can make to nation building, and extend the support due to them, they said.Participating in the debates at the different forums arranged as part of Iffi, they said that support from the government was vital in the creation and distribution of unconventional films in the country.Leading directors from abroad like Krzysztof Zanussi, Kim Duke and Paul Cox, made fervent appeals to people and authorities in developing countries like India to take note of the disastrous consequences that some of the western countries are facing for blindly leaving everything to the market.Indian filmmakers like Buddhadev Dasgupta, Adoor Gopalakrishnan, Goutam Ghose, Shaji N Karun , Jahnu Barua, Mike Pandey T V Chandran and Muzaffar Ali , said that films which did not have the market-dictated ingredients like stars, glossy dances and violence, were finding it extremely difficult to find producers and distributors in India.The filmmakers were also skeptical over reports that the government will telecast award-winning films and panorama films. \"They make all kinds of promises, and nothing happens on the ground,\" said Buddhadev.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "17423052", "title": "Sahibjeet, Sukhdeep fastest on 200m track", "text": "LUDHIANA: Sahibjeet Singh of Class XII put all his might in the last 50m of the U-19 boys 200m race to win it clean on the first day of the 36th annual athletic meet at the Guru Nanak Public School, Sarabha Nagar, on Thursday.Running on the inside lane, Sahibjeet started second fastest and trailed in the second position till the 150m mark, from where his sudden acceleration took him past Rishab Sood, the leader, as he crossed the finish line in Usain Bolt fashion \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with arms spread out wide.Rishab, who could only watch the sudden burst of speed from his rival, finished second and Jaspinder Singh finished third.In the U-17 boys category, an entertaining rivalry between Sukhdeep Singh of Class IX and Ishupal Singh of Class X enthralled the spectators. While Sukhdeep won the 200m finals ahead of Ishupal, he had to settle for the silver in long jump as Ishupal leapt the farthest. Paramvir Singh won the bronze medal behind Ishupal in the 200m race. In the long jump event the bronze medal was won by Arshdeep Singh. Mandeep Kaur of Class VIII won the gold medal in the 400m race for U-14 girls. The race ended in a burst to finish line as Harsimran Kaur and Jasneet Kaur finished a close second and third, respectively, behind the lunging winner.In the U-17 boys shot put event, Harsimran Singh of Class X won the gold medal, Avtej Singh won the silver medal and Assa Singh kept the bronze.Ludhiana West MLA Bharat Bhushan Ashu declared the meet open on Thursday as the chief guest. The march past trophy was won by Professor Mohan Singh (PMS) House.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421477", "title": "White paper on irrigation a dud, Maharashtra skirts corruption", "text": "MUMBAI: The much-awaited white paper on irrigation, which was placed before the state cabinet on Thursday, has turned out to be a dud. As expected, it skirts the core issue of corruption and irregularities in the water resources department, and merely collates data on projects approved in the last decade.Addressing a news conference on Thursday night, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan said the two-volume report, which was not discussed in the cabinet meeting \u00e2\u20ac\u201d with observers saying it was part of a Congress strategy \u00e2\u20ac\u201d will be uploaded on the state government's website by Friday. The first volume addresses issues pertaining to land brought under irrigation, while the second sheds light on big and medium projects executed by five state irrigation corporations.NCP leader Ajit Pawar, who resigned as deputy chief minister last September following a series of exposes in TOI, is believed to be desperate to make a comeback in the government based on the findings of the white paper, which many in official circles described as a \"whitewash\". Pawar was the state's water resources minister between 1999 and 2010, when most of the dubious contracts were awarded to select contractors. Political sources said infighting between rival groups in the NCP may scuttle Pawar's re-entry plans.According to an estimate, as much as Rs 35,000 crore may have been siphoned off by the politician-bureaucrat-contractor nexus in dud irrigation projects in the past ten years.Government sources said only a criminal investigation will unravel the extent of the scam, described as the largest in Maharashtra's history.\"If there is an independent judicial inquiry, the Democratic Front government will collapse, considering the involvement of powerful politicians and officials,\" they said.As reported by TOI on Thursday, the white paper has justified irrigation project cost escalations, blaming them on delays in relief and rehabilitation, land acquisition and environmental clearances. It says the escalations were commensurate with hikes approved for similar projects in other states.Debunking the claim that Rs 70,000 crore was spent on irrigation projects in the past ten years, the document puts the figure at just Rs 42,000 crore. The paper, prepared by the state water resources department, claims that of this amount, Rs 30,000 crore was spent towards relief and rehabilitation; Rs 5,000 crore is shown under administrative expenses. The paper adds that over 30% of the relief and rehabilitation cost went towards projects that are yet to be completed. It is pertinent to note that departments controlled by the Congress are responsible for relief and rehabilitation and land acquisition.The paper says 69 ongoing mega projects and 189 medium projects were taken up under the Accelerated Irrigation Benefit Programme (AIBP) and bore approvals of the Central Water Commission and the Planning Commission. It says the central agencies ratified the cost escalations.The paper says the scheduled rates for materials used by the department while awarding contracts (department scheduled rates) were lower than those used for similar projects in other states and also less than rates used by other agencies in Maharashtra like the public works department and the MMRDA.The paper claims that the scope of project work was often increased on account of demand from local politicians. The document gives status reports for mega projects, including details like original cost, escalations and their reasons.Of the state's 226 lakh hectares of cultivable land, the white paper says irrigated land stood at 48.5 lakh hectares in 2010, which it says is a 28% increase from 2001 when the area was 37 lakh hectares. The paper says the cropped irrigated area (the ratio of irrigation potential generation to land under irrigation) grew by 5.17% during the ten-year period.According to the economic status report (ESR), the cropped irrigated area only rose by 0.1% during this period (from 17.8% in 2001 to 17.9% in 2010). The chief minister had cited ESR data while asking the department to prepare the white paper in May this year.The paper also refuted allegations that the department had created liabilities worth Rs 70,000 crore. It said that while projects worth Rs 80,000 crore were in the pipeline, liabilities had been booked only for Rs 35,000 crore.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "17422008", "title": "Gold price slips below 24k amid profit-taking", "text": "KOCHI: Sovereign gold prices , which touched a record high of Rs 24,240 per eight grams on Tuesday, have retreated from the peaks on Thursday amid profit taking. The yellow metal traded at Rs 23,840 per sovereign on Thursday, with a per gram price of Rs 2,980.\"As the price shot up, investors began to sell gold and it resulted in a correction in the price,\" commented B Girirajan, president of All Kerala Gold and Silver Merchants Association (AKGSMA).Another aspect which brought down the price of gold is the fall in global prices. According to the London Bullion Market Association , the price of gold had fallen by 2.4% on November 28 to reach $1,708 per troy ounce (31.1gm) from $1,750.5 on November 26.The association follows the price fixed twice a day by the five-member London Gold Market Fixing Ltd board. International banking giants like Barclays Capital, Deutsche Bank , Scotia Bank, HSBC and Societe Generale are the members of this board. According to figures provided by the World Gold Council , London dominates the world gold market, with roughly 87% of business happening there.This includes spot, futures and options trading. The US accounts for 9.9% of the global market for the yellow metal. Hence, price fluctuations at the over-the-counter market in London or in the options and futures exchange in New York affect the metal's prices globally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "17428008", "title": "AU Central Library to issue books from December 21", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Central library of Allahabad University will start issuing books to postgraduate students and research scholars from December 21. However, the library will remain open only from 10am to 4pm against the present timing of 8am to 8pm from Monday (December 3). This and many other demands raised by the students union were deliberated at a meeting held on the campus on Thursday.The meeting was chaired by vice-chancellor Prof AK Singh and attended by the Registrar, Finance Officer, Dean Student welfare, Dean Science, Prof in charge of the central library and some office bearers of the students union. The timing will be reduced in wake of staff shortage. This is also the reason why the library has not started issuing books to undergrdaute students. AU has about 5,800 PG and 1,400 research scholars.Sources told TOI that the library authorities will ask the heads of all the departments to send a list of popular text books as the same can be issued to the students once procured. The other modalities would be decided in the meeting of the library committee to be held shortly.AU officials also discussed starting the ambulance service for the Women hostel campus. Regarding insurance for all AU students, university authorities along with the office bearers of the students union will finalise the modalities for starting the said scheme.Likewise, issuing amnesty to delegacy students who travel in the buses for commuting to AU was also discussed. Among the amities for hostels, it was decided that the mess facilities in the hostels should be started. The classrooms of AU should be modernized, was also the agenda of the meeting. The students union raised the demand of upgrading the labs and reservation in admission in research programmes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421202", "title": "High Court reserves verdict on petition against Vadra", "text": "LUCKNOW: A Lucknow bench of Allahabad high court on Thursday reserved its verdict on a PIL seeking probe into the allegations levelled by social activist Arvind Kejriwal about the alleged links between Robert Vadra and real estate giant DLF.A bench of Justice Uma Nath Singh and Justice VK Dixit heard the PIL at length and reserved its judgment.Petitioner Nutan Thakur had said that she moved a representation along with the copy of Kejriwal's allegations to the PMO office. She had said that several allegations against Vadra and DLF were unanswered and hence it needed a probe.Opposing the PIL, additional solicitor general Mohan Parasar contended that the PMO office had already done the requisite exercise and found that the allegations related to two different entities are purely personal in nature. It was also said that the petitioner had no locus standi and that PIL was filed for gaining cheap popularity.Earlier on Wednesday, the PMO gave a clean chit to Vadra, telling the court that the allegation against him appeared to be false, vexatious and based on hearsay. \"The petition is driven by a desire for publicity and seems to be actuated by political considerations rather than public interest. It was unnecessarily dragged into the case through this petition in Allahabad High Court,\" the PMO affidavit before the Lucknow Bench of the Allahabad High Court said.Tthe court had asked the PMO to give its views on probing allegations against Robert Vadra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423070", "title": "Demand for separate sub-plan for minorities gains momentum", "text": "HYDERABAD: With the state assembly all set to discuss and clear the sub-plans for scheduled castes and scheduled tribes in the next three days, the Muslim leadership has mounted pressure on the government to come up with a separate sub-plan on similar lines for the community.Congress Rajya Sabha member M A Khan said that the UPA government had promised minorities that their economic and social woes would be ameliorated. \"This is the time the state government should redeem the promise by introducing a separate sub-plan for minorities,\" he said.Telugu Desam politburo member Zahed Ali Khan was critical of the government for ignoring the plight of Muslims. He said that the Congress party has been seeking votes of Muslims but doing little for their betterment.\"A sub-plan for minorities, of which Muslims are an integral part, should have been tagged along with the SC and ST sub-plan. But that is not the case. It is still not late. The government should give a timeframe for coming with the sub-plan for minorities,\" he said.State Congress general secretary Abid Rasool Khan and Congress Minority Cell convenor Mohammed Sirajuddin have written to chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy separately on the issue. Both of them opined that a sub-plan of Rs 5,000 crore was right for minorities.\"The Ranganath Misra Commission and Sachar Committee set up by the government found that the economic condition of Muslims is worse than that of scheduled castes. If that is the case, why should there be any delay in coming up with a sub-plan? It should have been presented in the Assembly session scheduled for Friday,\" Khan said.MIM legislative council member Syed Amin Jafri said that his party has been demanding for the sub-plan for minorities for the last two years.\"We have written several letters to the government and took up the issue in meetings with the incumbent chief minister and the previous one. But, only promises have been made. No action has been taken yet,\" he said.Jafri said taking into consideration a population of 11% in the state and the Rs 48,935 crore annual budget outlay, a sub-plan for minorities would work out to around Rs 5,383 crore.\"If the state government shows political will, it can prepare the sub-plan first and take the Centre's approval later. But the big question is will the chief minister lead the way?\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421079", "title": "Mend your ways or you won\u00e2\u20ac\u2122t be CM for long, Katju tells Mamata", "text": "KOLKATA: Just four days after he termed Mamata Banerjee \"intolerant\", Press Council of India chairman Markandey Katju on Thursday reminded her again of the \"unhealthy state of affairs\", and warned that \"you will not be able to remain chief minister for long unless you change your ways and become more tolerant\".The reaction spurred Mamata to remark that she wouldn't give in to \"blackmail\". \"I am aware it is the people that brought us to power, and it is they whom we work for. The government is not of individuals but of the people. We will not bow to any diktat or blackmailing if it is not for the people's good. We will be there for the people and only do what is good for them,\" she said.Katju's comments came as ammunition for the Opposition parties in Bengal. \"Mamata reacted to Katju's remarks by saying 'raja chale bazaar to kutta bhowke hazaar' (when the king shops, thousand of dogs bark). This highlights how dismissive and insensitive she is to criticism. What we've been saying all this time is now being said by others too,\" said Leader of the Opposition Surjya Kanta Mishra.Pradesh Congress president Pradip Bhattacharya said Katju's comments were a reflection of present-day Bengal.Katju pointed out to Mamata that the Maharashtra government has suspended the police officers who arrested a Mumbai girl for her Facebook comments on Bal Thackeray's funeral. \"I request you to do the same to the policemen who ordered and implemented the arrest of Professor Ambikesh Mahapatra of Jadavpur University and Siladitya Choudhari (sic), and you should immediately withdraw the cases against them and apologize to them. You should also immediately restore Damyanti Sen, the upright police officer, whom you wrongly victimized, and you should apologize to her for your wrong. We are all human beings and we all make mistakes, but a gentleman is one who realizes his mistake and apologizes. You should also apologize to Tanya Bharadwaj whom you insulted on the CNN IBN show,\" he wrote.Mamata later told reporters that she had not received \"any letter\". Katju sent the mail to information and cultural affairs secretary Nandini Chakraborty, urging her to pass it on to Mamata. Katju later posted the letter on his Twitter page and blog.\"From what I could gather during my visits to Kolkata, your ministers and bureaucrats are afraid to speak out their minds before you, and are terrorized by your unpredictable and whimsical behavior. To say the least, this is a very unhealthy state of affairs... In this connection I may mention that Sardar Patel, the first Union home minister, told his secretaries that they should express their views freely, even if it was totally different from his own, and he would never take offence. In fact, if they did not express their views freely they were of no use to him. This is the way you should also conduct yourself,\" he wrote in the letter.Katju, who'd earlier referred to Mamata as behen (sister), added, \"It is still not too late for you if you listen to my advice and change your ways. I am your well wisher, and would like you to do well, and in fact, if you remember, I had praised you at one time. But of late you seem to have become increasingly intolerant and whimsical, which is only going to land you in big trouble.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421813", "title": "Madan orders crackdown on drunken driving", "text": "KOLKATA: In a bid to curb drunken driving, state transport minister Madan Mitra on Thursday asked police to keep a watch around pubs and bars in the city.Moreover, roads near to the bars will be barricaded at night so that road accidents can be reduced. Mitra said that earlier the traffic police were asked to reduce the waiting time at signals as often drivers try to accelerate after waiting at signals for a prolonged period. The minister said that the traffic police have been asked to change the signals every 90 seconds.\"We want to put an end to rash driving and for that the police have been specially asked to keep tabs on teenagers who race along the AJC Bose Road flyover or along other parts of the city. Often bikers crash to death due to excessive,\" he said. On Thursday, Mitra released a documentary 'I am still waiting for you papa...'. It shows how speaking on the phone while driving can be disastrous.Mitra said that the family members of Gopal De - a CTC employee who committed suicide recently - had come to meet him and the son of the deceased has also formally applied for a job with the minister.The minister said he had held discussions with the car pool operators as there were complaints by the latter that despite applying to the government for conversion of private cars for ferrying school children, it was not being sanctioned.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "baripada", "code": "17428153", "title": "Marauding elephants head for Kuldiha", "text": "BARIPADA: It was a sight to behold. The calf hanged onto the trunk of its mother as the herd comprising 105 elephants crossed the turbulent Budhabalanga river near Uttarpal village on Wednesday night. Sources said after crossing the river , the herd moved towards Mitrapur en route Nilgiri for a sojourn in Kuldiha Wildlife Sanctuary in Balasore district.The marauding herd had earlier trampled an old woman and her two-year-old granddaughter at Mayurbhanj's Tiansia village creating panic in the area. The elephants had devoured large tracts of kharif crop in Khunta and Nadupur in the district before crossing over to Betnoti forest range near Baripada.Meanwhile, range officer of Betnoti forest range B K Mohanty held meetings with the affected villagers of Mayurbhanj and assured them of all help from the government. While the compensation amount for crop loss has been doubled from Rs 5,000 to Rs 10,000 per acre, the families of those who die in elephant attack would now get Rs 2 lakh each. The new package, many feel, would help reduce the man-animal conflict. Mohanty also advised the villagers against confronting the herd.On the other hand, smoke that emanates after burning cakes made of elephants' dung mixed with chilly powder has proved effective against the elephants. The tribals residing in and around Kuldiha Sanctuary can make use of this method to chase away the herd from human habitation, sources added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427606", "title": "13 smartphones that just got cheaper", "text": "", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17427418", "title": "Now, check your provident fund balance online with e-passbook service", "text": "NEW DELHI: Over 50 million PF subscribers can now access their accounts online as retirement fund body EPFO launched its e-passbook service on Friday.Active subscribers whose electronic challan-cum-return is already uploaded, can download their e-passbook every month under the service launched by the EPFO's Central Provident Fund Commissioner R C Mishra.The facility shall be available on www.epfindia.gov.in. In the case of members who are not active (left service) and have not settled their account or have not become inoperative, the facility to download the passbook on request basis shall be available, EPFO said.Any member of Employees' Provident Fund Organisation (EPFO) can register on the member portal by using his or her photo identification number, such as PAN, Aadhaar, National Population Registry, driving licence, passport, voter ID, ration card and use the mobile number as password.Members can add multiple ID (identification) numbers after registration and can use any one for logging into their account. Once registered, a member can download the passbook by entering his or her account number. If available, the passbook will appear for download.The e-Passbook shall contain the transaction-wise details of the member's account (all credits and debits) since the month for which the details for the establishment have been processed in new application software at the field offices.The facility, however, will not be available for members under exempted establishments under the EPF Scheme 1952 (as the fund details are maintained by the Trust) and inoperative members (i.e. in accounts where no contribution has been received in the preceding 36 months).Under the e-Passbook service, only one registration will be allowed against one mobile number, and a member can download the passbook for only one account number under one establishment.A senior EPFO official told that the exempted PF trust regulated by the body, would also be asked to provide this service to their members.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17428083", "title": "BCCI names 30 probables for Women World Cup", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Indian Cricket Board ( BCCI ) on Friday released an initial 30-women list of probables for the ICC Women's World Cup, to be played in India from January 31 to February 17.The list, prepared by the national women's Selection Committee, included senior players such as Mithali Raj and Jhulan Goswami.Probables list: Mithali Raj, Harmanpreet Kaur, Amita Sharma, Sulakshana Naik, Jhulan Goswami, Reema Malhotra, Punam Raut, Gouher Sultana, Ekta Bisht, Archana Das, S Shubhalaxmi, Rasanara Parwin, Anuja Patil, N Niranjana, Mona Meshram, Sunitha Anand, M D Thirushkamini, Latika Kumari, Nishita Pharasi, Veda Krishnamurthy, Shweta Jadhav, Ritu Dhrub, Moksha Chaudhary, Kavita Patil, Poonam Yadav, Karuna Jain, Mandira Mohapatra, Anagha Deshpande, Nishu Chaudhary, Sushma Varma.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "17428438", "title": "Indian languages losing battle against English", "text": "RANCHI: As the West tightens its grip on the East and English becomes the official mode of communication in a country where more than 400 languages are spoken by half of the population, the youth move away from their indigenous roots, and fast.Many linguists feel survival of many Indian languages and dialects are at stake because the youth, attracted by the opposite force, are reluctant to know and learn their respective mother tongues. Even schools and colleges prefer English as mode of communication and teaching to any local language, including tribal languages in states like Odisha and Jharkhand.\"As far as Santhal language is concerned, it has been given special status in the Constitution. But tribal langauges like Asuri, Birhor and Bhumij, among others, also need recognition and need to be taught in schools,\" said Ganesh Murmu, professor, department of tribal and regional languages at Ranchi University. He was speaking on the sidelines of a two-day programme organized by Sahitya Akademy.Murmu is among many educationists and linguists who blame the government's step-motherly attitude towards these languages.\"The government here thinks that all children need to education, but never thought of teaching them their own language and culture. The last linguistic survey in India was done in 1961 after which there has been no study,\" said Murmu, adding that the Planning Commission does not sanction fund for thorough study of these languages.According to Murmu, the curriculum should have local elements so that children get to know their culture. He also felt an urgent need for a specialized study of languages. Teachers should be appointed for in schools and colleges for these languages, he said.A Odisha-based professor, Damyanti Besra, said the same problem plagues the state. \"Students in Odisha are more into learning English and Hindi but not any regional language. Santhal has not become the state's official language yet,\" said Besra.\"However, we had talks with the government on teaching the language in schools, which can help produce readers of Santhal literature,\" said the professor of MPC autonomous college in Odhisa.There is also another group of people who feel English should not be treated as an intruder and in no way does it spoil someone's potential to learn his or her mother-tongues. \"Bengali literature had an early engagement with the colonial British education. Unlike the rest of India, the local language imbibed many things good from the foreign language,\" said Swati Ganguly, professor of English at Vishwa Bharti University, Kolkata.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421123", "title": "Will Mumbai's coastal road remain on paper?", "text": "MUMBAI: There are fears that the coastal road project, which is considered chief minister Prithviraj Chavan's initiative, could remain a pipedream.While giving a green clearance to the Bandra-Versova Sea Link project, the Union ministry of environment and forests has specified that it cannot reclaim land. This has put a question mark over the project, which has a major reclamation component.Of the nearly 36km coastal road between Cuffe Parade and Malad proposed by an experts panel under the then municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar, 18km to 26km is to be on reclaimed coastal area. And of the reclaimed stretch, around 8km is proposed over mangroves.\"In the mangroves area, only road on stilt will be constructed and no reclamation will be allowed. And any loss of mangroves should be compensated. Navigation channels and noise barriers for local fisherman will have to be provided. Dredging is not allowed and dumping and machinery should not disturb habitation. Silencers are recommended for equipment to avoid noise pollution,\" stated the MoEF directive.The sea link also includes a stretch towards Versova where the costal road project recommends a reclaimed road. But now, since the sea link has to be built on stilt, a coastal road on a small stretch along this route may not be built.The expert panel had stated reclamation would have an average width of 100 metres. This, it said, will not cause not have an adverse impact on ecology. The panel had also requested the government to make appropriate amendments to the CRZ notifications and give an official stamp to the proposed plan immediately. Proponents said the road will be cheaper than a link and the toll would be less. State officials said they knew that the coastal road required amendment to the CRZ rules and, thus, proposed it in the plan. \"It is up to the government to decide, looking into the urgency to improve Mumbai's transportation,\" said one.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "singur", "code": "17421797", "title": "Singur on boil, Mamata ignores rumblings", "text": "SINGUR: Five years ago, Mamata Banerjee took up the cause of the \"have nots\" in Singur. Now in government, the CM is ignoring the voice of Singur's new \"have nots\" who feel that they are being treated like beggars .\"It is much ado about nothing. I talked to Becharam Manna,\" the CM said on Thursday, in her reaction to Wednesday's spat between some Singur land-losers and the new minister.The CM brushed off the people's anger in Singur - the land that propelled her to power - but the Hooghly administration is taking chances for her visit.It has deployed a huge police force at the Singur block office, where Mamata is scheduled to meet officials. The CM announced at Writers' on Thursday that she won't hold any public meeting in Singur, much to the relief of the administration. Police are also keeping a watch on rebel Trinamool Congress MLA Rabindranath Bhattacharya.The Singur mastermoshai was also annoyed with the situation. He kept urging his followers on Thursday not to take any drastic steps, such as staging a road blockade or showing black flags to the CM. \"I warned all my visitors today against such acts. I told them that I will treat them as CPM men if they go on the war path with the government,\" he said.The Singur MLA was in no mood to side with CPM or Congress. Bhattacharya instead hinted at taking political sanyas rather than taking on the Trinamool on the turf where he has worked for it as MLA since 2006.\"I haven't received any invite from the government. I would wait for the chief minister to define my status - minister or MLA - before making a final comment (on his political career). I would prefer to go down as an ordinary party supporter, because there is no provision of membership renewal in our party,\" Bhattacharya said.He doesn't even want to burn bridges with Becharam Manna. \"I have no enmity with Manna. The state leadership has made him a minister. Whatever I said pertains to the CM, and I want a clarification from her,\" the Singur MLA said.The CM, however, chose to ignore Bhattacharya. She conceded that there was a delay in payment to land victims. \"But it was due to an administrative bottleneck. The new DM took some time before releasing funds for as many as 3,600 beneficiaries,\" the CM said.Even as the Singur mastermoshai gave guarded responses to the media, he had no answer for 40-year old Samapti Ghosh who wants to meet the CM at the Singur block office.\"We own seven and a half bighas within the project area. Prior to land acquisition, my husband Kamalused to engage labourers to reap the harvest. Now, I am working as a land labourer. Is this what I deserve? We get Rs 2,000 as compensation while my neighbour who had only four cottahs has four beneficiaries in the family and is earning Rs 8,000. I want the price for my land,\" she said.Gautam Ghosh of the same village joined the chorus. \"Ask my neighbours. I am a bona fide land labourer and worked on land in the project area. But my name is not on the beneficiary list. The new Trinamool leader Bhuban Bagui dropped my name and included his daughter-in-law's on the list,\" Ghosh said. Singur veterans Jiten Ghosh, Nilkantha Ghosh and others want the price of their land and are not ready to queue up at the block office with a begging bowl.\"We do not want alms, we want money (bhiksha chai na, taka chai). The CM should do something for us,\" said Jiten.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "17428078", "title": "Govt to launch website on missing children", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The Crime Branch is all set to launch an exclusive portal to track missing children in consonance with a Centre directive. The proposed website ( www.trackthemissingchild.gov.in) would compile database of the missing and recovered children in different districts.West Bengal was the first state to introduce online child tracking system in 2008. Taking a leaf out of WB book, the Union Ministry of Women and Child Development recently made it mandatory for all states to log into the facility.Crime Branch has already met the officials of National Informatics Centre (NIC), a Central government institution which provides e-Government/e-Governance solutions in the country, to host the website. \"Our officers would be trained on the technical know-how of the service,\" ADG (Crime Branch) B K Sharma told TOI. \"Names of the missing children, their photographs, addresses and other details would be uploaded. The cases would be constantly updated till the victims are traced,\" Sharma said.Apart from updating information about missing children, the site will provide a platform to the public to tip the police about the untraced minors. \"There will be a section where people can upload valuable information about missing children. The online system would work as an interface between police and public,\" Sharma said.Official sources said altogether 2,170 children, comprising 653 boys and 1,517 girls, had gone missing in Odisha in 2011 as against 1,745 in 2010. While 378 missing children were found in 2011, police managed to locate 381 in 2010, sources added.Most of the missing children are being exploited as sex slaves or forced to work in factories, homes and commercial establishments, police said.Child right activists said many missing cases go unreported as the poor parents never approach the investigating agency fearing trouble. \"A large number of children who allegedly run away from their home are mostly school dropouts or victims of domestic abuse. Later, they fall prey to organised begging or pick-pocketing and drug peddling rackets,\" child right activist Anuradha Mohanty said. \"Police should reach out its spread to rural areas and keep a tab on children who migrate with their families to other places. Reporting and investigation missing cases should be taken up at the panchayat level to prevent trafficking of children,\" Mohanty said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "17425013", "title": "Paper work on for ATS police station", "text": "BHOPAL: After five years of clandestine operations, the Madhya Pradesh anti-terrorist squad (ATS) is now looking forward to have its own police station for a smooth and leak-proof functioning, said sources.This elite force is currently not a police station in terms of law, and is dependent on the police station of special task force (STF) for registration of FIR and further legal proceedings.\"We are completing paper works for sending a proposal to the government for a police station,\" said Vipin Maheshweri, chief of MPATS.The idea to raise a separate squad in MP for dealing terrorism was mooted by the then home minister Himmat Kothari, after the state government failed to get a central nod for an anti-terror law, modelled on the lines of the Maharashtra Control of Organised Crime Act (MCOCA).Kothari showcased the March 28, 2008, arrest of former SIMI chief Safdar Nagori and 12 other leaders of the banned outfit from the Malwa region.MPATS was finally set up in August 2008 with IPS (then DIG) Pawan Shrivastava as its chief and a task force of 175 police personnel, comprising three police superintendents, seven deputy superintendents of police, 13 police inspectors, 36 sub-inspectors, 54 head constables and 62 constables. Later, the strength was increased later. A formal notification was issued for registration of ATS's cases at the STF's police in December 2008. Since then all legal proceedings and charge-sheets are being filed using the STF police station.Mohammad Ali, the alleged treasurer of SIMI was the first official arrest of MPATS, in an operation codenamed 'Operation Jimma'. Case was registered against him at the police station of STF. Several other arrests were made by the ATS in the past two years.ATS officials feel that by having own police station will improve its work efficiency and legal proceedings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422337", "title": "Foolproof firefighting system at Pune Municipal Corporation headquarters soon", "text": "PUNE: The headquarters of the Pune Municipal Corporation at Shivajinagar will soon get a foolproof firefighting system. The main building will be equipped with 1,500 sprinklers and 1,500 smoke detectors and the work of laying the main pipeline for sprinklers has reached the final stages.The PMC's main building is one of the busiest administrative premises in the city and is visited by about 10,000 people everyday. Around 2,500 employees work here in over 20 important departments, including building, road, water, tax, land records, audit and accounting. The civic headquarters is also house to thousands of files and documents.Yet, only 160 fire extinguishers are installed in the building. In 2010, the civic standing committee had cleared a Rs 1.68-crore proposal for installing a firefighting system to make the building safe from any incident of fire.Two months ago, the administration decided to expedite the installation of the firefighting instruments against the backdrop of the fire at Mantralaya in June this year.\"Three types of pipelines will be laid in the main building - one main pipeline and two secondary pipelines. The work on laying the main pipeline has reached the final stage,\" said PMC executive engineer Sandeep Khandwe of the building department.The diameter of the main pipeline is six inches, while the secondary pipelines are of three and one inch diameter, Khandwe said. Sprinklers will be attached to the one inch pipeline. Water storage system and firefighting hydrants would also be installed in the building, along with fire extinguishers.The work on setting up smoke detectors is under way. Besides 1,500 sprinklers, 1,500 smoke detectors will also be installed,\" Khandwe said.The firefighting system will also be installed in 18 other administrative buildings of the PMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421176", "title": "Another Maya memorial to be opened for public utility", "text": "LUCKNOW: Having set up a women powerline in the administrative building of Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal in Gomtinagar, the Samajwadi Party government has set its eyes on another pet project of former chief minister Mayawati - the parking lot of the Rama Bai Rally Sthal near Bijli Pasi Qila. A committee headed by Lucknow district magistrate has recommended the conversion of this parking lot into an inter-state bus terminal (ISBT).Categorized as 'P4' in the land acquisition notification issued by the BSP government, the 40-acre parking lot is situated between Rae Bareli Road and Sultanpur Road. With a capacity to accommodate nearly 700 buses at a time, the parking lot happens to be the biggest such facility of its kind in the state - the standard area for a bus-terminal is 5 acres.The BSP government had proposed four parking lots to serve the Rama Bai Rally Sthal in 2008. While P1, P2 and P3 (with a combined area of around 150 acres) were situated in Bijnor Road near the rally ground, the fourth, P4, was allocated on a land owned by the UP Housing and Development Board (UPHDB). P1, P2 and P3 were acquired from farmers, who have been up in arms since then.On July 19, four months after it came to power, the Samajwadi Party government denotified the other three while leaving out P4 which was situated on a government land. While district magistrate Anurag Yadav was not available for comments, a senior official in the housing department confirmed that the committee had suggested conversion of the said parking lot into an inter-state bus-terminal. The scale of political rallies have declined over the years and so there was no use for it,'' said the official.Officials said that the strategic location of the terminal had driven the authorities to consider conversion of parking lot into a bus-terminal. The proposed terminal is situated close to Shaheed Path which essentially connects the four national highways - Faizabad Road, Rae Bareli Road, Sultanpur Road and Kanpur Road. At present, the Alambagh bus terminal functions as an inter-state one, but it has just one service - from Lucknow to Jaipur.UP chief minister Akhilesh Yadav had been maintaining that vacant spaces around dalit memorials could be used for public utilities. It was earlier this month that the state government set a women powerline in an administrative building constructed in premises of Bhim Rao Ambedkar Samajik Parivartan Sthal, erstwhile known as Ambedkar memorial.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422830", "title": "No water supply after 9am today", "text": "CHANDIGARH: You will have to store water on Friday, as there will be no supply after 9am. Repair of a supply pipeline from Kajauli canal to the city has necessitated the step.The pipeline at phases I and II of Kajauli water works has to be repaired and replaced, because of which there will be no supply from Kajauli water works to Sector 39 water works. Sources in the municipal corporation engineering wing said, \"Besides the evening hours, the supply will be affected during the morning hours too. Water will not be released after 9am, because of which the supply will be at low pressure.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17422993", "title": "Manipur, Chandigarh triumph in National Under-14 football", "text": "MUMBAI: Ratan Bala Devi notched her second hat-trick in as many games as Manipur lifted the National Under-14 football , girl's title with a resounding 5-0 win over Haryana in the final played at the MSSA grounds, in Azad Maidan, on Thursday. The effective striker had struck three goals in the semifinal too and seemed to have taken off from where she left against a hapless Haryana. Ranjana and MK Kashmira scored a goal each to assert Manipur's dominance.While the girl's finale was a one-sided affair, the boy's clash between Chandigarh and West Bengal was anything but predictable. Proving an even match for each other and refusing to give their opponents even the slightest chance to score, the teams took the game to extra time after regulation time failed break the deadlock. In the penalty shootout the boys from Chandigarh kept their nerves to win 4-2 and lift the title.In third place games, hosts Maharashtra went down to Goa 1-3 in the girl's category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422896", "title": "Varsity teachers take stray dog menace to vice-chancellor", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Shocked over the incident of dead body of a dog found in an overhead water tank of Arts Block IV few days ago, the teachers union sent a strong word of caution to the Panjab University authorities.With the registrar and the XEN office passing the buck to each other, the PU Teachers Association (PUTA), through a letter to the vice-chancellor Arun Grover, asked whose responsibility is it to check the dog menace on campus. The letter expresses PUTA's worry over the contaminated water tank that has triggered concern among teachers and students residing on the campus.\"The health of the students and staff using the water from the overhead water tanks are at risk. We have been repeatedly raising the issue and request the university authorities to intervene,\" said PUTA president Mohammed Khalid.PUTA claimed it had written a letter to the University XEN last year on December 14 regarding the menace of stray dogs on the campus.\"The XEN at that time replied that it is not in their purview to tackle this issue. We then wrote to the registrar and the VC on March 6, bringing the issue to their notice, but in vain,\" he added.The PUTA officials asserted that dog bite cases and stray dog menace is on the rise inside the campus and a solution needs to be found out soon. \"Are we awaiting for some thing worse to happen before taking remedial measures?\" stated the letter to Grover.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "17422632", "title": "Keri range forest officials suspended", "text": "PANAJI: The three personnel attached to the range forest office in Keri, Sanquelim, who were booked for bribery in a raid by the anti-corruption branch on Thursday, were placed under suspension on Friday.The personnel are range forest office in-charge, Mahanand Paryekar, deputy ranger Eknath Soiroji, forester and guard Subash Arundekar. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425600", "title": "CMO gets panic calls from Bandipur staff", "text": "MYSORE: A day after a forest employee from Alegowdanakatte anti-poaching camp was diagnosed with a suspected case of monkey fever, staff working at the Bandipur Tiger Reserve started panicking.Gundlupet chief medical officer (CMO) R Srinivas said he got panic calls from three to four employees on Thursday asking about vaccines for preventing Kyasanur forest disease or monkey fever. \"I have told the callers not to worry about the disease and asked them to wait till the National Institute of Virology, Pune, confirms it,\" he said.The CMO added he has asked employees to take precautions and bathe soon after reaching home from work as a precaution.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421391", "title": "Cauvery talks fail, Jayalalithaa walks out", "text": "BANGALORE: It boiled down to \"a single drop of water\". While Karnataka leaders denied they used the phrase while expressing their state's inability to release water, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa claimed she was forced to leave Thursday's Cauvery talks because Karnataka was unwilling to release a single drop.The Supreme Court's suggestion that the two states hold talks to find an amicable solution to the Cauvery dispute thus came to naught. Both states blamed each other and declared they were taking the fight back to the Supreme Court, which will hear the case on Friday.Nobody expected a miracle from the meeting, the 26th between the CMs of the two states. But what was disappointing was the lack of goodwill. The two sides loudly contested each other's statements.The meeting ended in less than an hour, with Jayalalithaa choosing to walk out. Instead of addressing a press conference at the venue, she chose to speak through a public address system while getting into her car at the parking lot.\"I want to address everyone. Karnataka said it cannot release a single drop of water,'' she said, rattling off statistics to show that TN's farmers are in distress.Karnataka water resources minister Basavaraj Bommai said: \"We never used the words 'single drop'.'' Chief minister Jagadish Shettar maintained: \"Her claims are completely false.''Jayalalithaa demanded 30 tmcft in 15 days and an additional 23.4 tmcft before December-end. Shettar rejected this, saying: \"We can't jeopardize the interests of our farmers and compromise our drinking water needs.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "begusarai", "code": "17424197", "title": "College principal, teachers stage dharna against indiscipline", "text": "BEGUSARAI: In a sort of role reversal, teaching and non-teaching staff of the local G D College on Thursday staged a daylong dharna against the growing indiscipline by various student organizations on the college campus.The teachers and non-teaching employees also abstained from their regular work to register protest. College principal, Chandra Bhanu Prasad Singh, was seen sitting on the ground in open and operating his office from there in a show of disgust towards the growing interference and indiscipline by various student organizations in the day-to-day functioning.The drama unfolded after one of the students' wings disrupted the functioning of the college on Tuesday in protest against the anomalies in the list published by the LNMU University for PG admissions.Singh said, of late activists of these student organizations seem to have picked up the habit of coming to his office without any prior notice with some indiscreet demand and then disrupting the functioning of the college often posing threat to the safety of the teachers and the employees. \"I have intimated the university officials about the situation. The college teachers and the staff resorted to this method to let them feel for their behaviour,\" he said.Meanwhile, the trick seem to be not doing too well with the leaders of various student organizations as they dubbed the move as anti-student and playing with the exploitive motives of the university officials. AISF leader Abhinav said, \"Indifferent attitude of the university and the college officials towards the development of the college is reflected in the fact that the college failed to make the list of select colleges of the state as centre of excellence in the first phase, despite being one of the oldest and premier colleges. The university has played truant with the merits of student in preparing the list for PG admissions,\" he alleged.The principal of the college, however, said that considering the list might have some discrepancy it already stands cancelled.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17426980", "title": "Former Karnataka CM Yeddyurappa in tears as he resigns from BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Former Karnataka chief minister B S Yeddyurappa quit BJP and resigned from the membership of the state assembly on Friday. From now on, he will revive and lead a regional party, Karnataka Janata Party (KJP).The former CM faxed his resignation letter to the primary membership of the party to BJP national president Nitin Gadkari in the morning. He held talks with his close confidantes, ministers Shobha Karandlaje, C M Udasi, Basavaraj Bommai and Umesh Katti at his Dollar's Colony residence. Speaking to the media, Yeddyurappa couldn't control his tears when he said: I am quitting the party after 40 years of association.\"Later, he took out a rally with his supporters from Freedom Park to Vidhana Soudha to meet the Speaker and tender his resignation. Speaker K G Bopaiah accepted his resignation immediately.I do not have any wish to become the CM again. I have a vision. My dream is to make Karnataka a prosperous state. Some people in the BJP hindered my growth and created problems for me,\" Yeddyurappa said. The former CM said he would tour the state and organise the KJP.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "17422073", "title": "Kozhikode science fair ends on a sour note", "text": "KOZHIKODE: Hundreds of school students and general public who had come to see the 46th state science exhibition at GVHSS Meeenchanda were welcomed by empty classrooms as most of the participants left without waiting for the programme to conclude.Most of the students left the venue as soon as the results were announced on Wednesday night itself.The organizing committee convenor A K Unnikrishnan said that the committee could not help as students coming from far off places left as soon as the results of the competitions were announced. \"We had given strict instructions to the teams during the registration itself that they should participate in the public exhibition,\" he said.Additional Director of Public Instruction (DPI) V K Saralamma who is the general convener of the event said that showcause notices would be issued to district level coordinators who were responsible for the participating teams in the science exhibition.The Malabar districts emerged champions in all the four events including the science fair, mathematics fair, social science fair and work experience fair.Palakkad emerged winners of the science fair by winning 171 points.The district has also won the top spot in the work experience fair. Kozhikode topped the charts in the mathematics fair while Kannur won top honours in the social science fair.The science fair which had attracted around 10,000 students from across the state had witnessed spirited competitions by young scientists in various competitions. The trophies to the winners will be distributed on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "17421051", "title": "Delhi-bound trains to get extra coaches to clear rush", "text": "LUCKNOW: Passengers planning to travel between Lucknow and Delhi during New Year can book tickets easily. Railways has provided additional coaches in some prominent trains.Shatabdi Express will be provided with two AC chair cars between December 1 and January 10 from Lucknow. New Delhi-Lucknow AC Express will be given an extra AC-2 tier coach from New Delhi and three AC-3 tier coaches from Lucknow between December 3 and January 9.Lucknow-Chandigarh Express will be provided with an extra AC-3 tier coach from Lucknow from December 1 till January 10. Similarly, Lucknow-New Delhi Duronto Express will also get an extra AC-3 tier coach. Train number 12469/12470 Jammu Tawi-Kanpur Central Express will get an extra AC-3 tier coach and a sleeper coach. The trains which will get extra sleeper coaches are Nauchandi Express, Varanasi-Rameshwaram Express, Padmavat Express, Faizabad Express, Farakka Express and Sadbhawna Express.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "17422687", "title": "Misinterpreting Section 66A of IT Act cause of controversy: Deputy commissioner of police", "text": "JAIPUR: Most cases related to cyber crimes in Jaipur are registered under Section 66A of the IT Act that covers sending false and offensive messages through communication services. As this controversial section is creating a row across the country after the arrest of two girls in Mumbai, experts here feel there is no need for the changes in the law but said proper guidelines should be in place so that it is not misinterpreted.Sharat Kaviraj, deputy commissioner of police of the state's cyber crime cell, told TOI that Section 66A of the IT Act is just like any other law. \"Be it Section 498A of the IPC for dowry harassment or Section 307 (attempt to murder), implementation of any law depends on the enforcer who is the investigating officer in a case. There are several instances of misuse of dowry related laws when they are either intentionally or unintentionally misinterpreted,\" the officer said.Taking an example, Kaviraj said when a bullet is fired at somebody, the investigating officer takes into consideration whether the person intended to kill the victim. If not, Section 307 of IPC is not applicable at all, he said.The officer also said if an investigation officer makes an error in his judgment intentionally or unintentionally while using this law and an innocent person is harassed and action must be taken against him. He added that guidelines should be in place to prevent misrepresentation of the law.The officer further informed that Section 66A of the IT Act covers a broad range of cyber crimes. \"If someone receives an offensive email or SMS, the sender becomes offender. Most cyber crime cases in Jaipur are registered under this law,\" he said.Rajasthan high court lawyer A K Jain said the section must not be used in violation of the freedom of expression which is the fundamental right of every individual.\"If someone is critical of a politician for his or her government policies or someone wants to express the hurdles he or she faced during day to day life due to mismanagement on part of the government, he or she is not an offender under this law. This is what happened in case of the two girls arrested in Mumbai,\" Jain said.Trial for traffic management at Ghat ki Guni JAIPUR: To ensure smooth traffic flow after opening the Ghat ki Guni project, the Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) on Thursday conducted a trial for vehicular traffic at entry and exit points of the tunnel.During a visit to the site on Thursday, the committee constituted by the apex court to examine the development of Pink City, has directed the officials of JDA to reduce the size of the rotary constructed at Jawahar Nagar so as to avoid congestion in the area. Moreover, the committee has also directed to provide free lane to the passengers near the rotary.\"The committee has observed that traffic coming out from the tunnel can create congestion in the area as is it hampers the flow of traffic on National Highway 8,\" an official said.However, sources in the department claimed that the road is wide enough and will not create any such trouble. \"At present, the road is only 11 metre wide and it will be widened with another 20 metre. The committee might have made the observation as the actual width of the road cannot be seen,\" the source said.The JDA officials claimed that the work inside the tunnel is complete and construction of the proposed rotary and widening of roads will be completed soon. \"At present, the road near which Jawahar Nagar bypass ends along the flyover is only 7.5 metres wide. To avoid congestion, the road will be widened by an additional 30 metre,\" an official said.With the opening of Ghat Ki Guni tunnel project, which is aimed at providing an alternative to the narrow Jaipur-Agra road, traffic jams in the area will be greatly reduced.According to officials, around 4,500 passenger car units (PCUs) ply on the route every day. Once the tunnel is opened the 2,800 metre stretch could be covered in only eight minutes from one end to the other crossing the Jhalana Hills. \"Every year, the traffic is increasing by nearly 10%. The tunnel will help smooth passage of vehicles,\" executive engineer Sanjeev Kumar Jain said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425750", "title": "Skeleton found in abandoned well", "text": "MYSORE: The district police found a human skeleton in a sackcloth inside an abandoned well at a farmhouse in Nanjangud on Thursday.Police suspect that a man may have been murdered and his body disposed in the well at least a month ago.The crime came to light on Thursday when a group of workers alerted police about foul smell emanating from the abandoned well in the farm belonging to Thomas of Kudlapura village, some 45 km away from Mysore, in Kavalande police limits.Nanjangud inspector G S Raghu confirmed that the skeleton was of a man and investigations are on to establish the identity of the victim.According to complainant Baby Thomas, a worker, the well was abandoned since 1996 after water dried up. It is located at a corner of the 50-acre farm off NH 212. The workers had been employed to de-weed the farm.Along with the skeleton, police have recovered a shirt and 'lungi' that was on the skeleton. The body was completely decomposed.Inspector Raghu said we are verifying details of missing persons in the region. The place where the man was found dead was close to Chamarajanagar district. SP R Dileep and DSP S G Vijaykumar visited the spot. Further investigations are on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "london", "code": "17428435", "title": "Oscar Wilde's house up for sale for 1.29 million pounds", "text": "LONDON: The family house of literary wit, playwright and gay icon, Oscar Wilde , where he wrote most of his famous plays, is up for sale for a whopping 1.29 million pounds.Wilde moved to the tall, red brick house in Tite Street, Chelsea during 1884 with his new wife, Constance, when the street was distinctly bohemian, full of painters and writers.Today the street is among the most expensive addresses in the UK, 'The Telegraph' reported.Wilde sharpened his wit in a buttercup-yellow room on the ground floor and wrote his scandalous novel 'The Picture of Dorian Grey', and plays including 'Lady Windermere's Fan', 'A Woman of No Importance', 'An Ideal Husband' and 'The Importance of Being Earnest'.The same ground floor, now a flat with one big bedroom, scrubbed oak floors and high ceilings, is up for sale for 1.295 million pounds, with the estate agent John D Wood.\"It isn't a high price in the context of the street,\" says Robert Green , the estate agent handling the sale.\"You could spend over 15 million pounds on a substantial house here, and there was a smaller one for sale at 4.95 million pounds at the end of last year. We think it could go to an overseas buyer who wants a pied-a-terre in a smart part of Chelsea, with Gordon Ramsa's flagship restaurant in Royal Hospital Road just round the corner,\" said Green.Wilde eventually left Tite Street in 1895 after one of the great trials in British literary history.Angry at Wilde's love affair with his son, Lord Alfred Douglas, accused him of homosexuality.Wilde sued him for libel but found himself prosecuted for homosexuality, damned himself by his replies during cross-examination about \"the love that dare not speak its name\" and was imprisoned in Reading Gaol.Wilde emerged a broken man and died in exile in Paris in 1900, the report said.In the late 19th century, the street, which nudges along the Thames Embankment, was full of creative minds.John Singer Sargent kept a house and studio in the house, James McNeill Whistler too, and Augustus John lived there between 1940 and 1958. Portrait painter Frank Miles also lived in the house.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421504", "title": "Bangaloreans prefer trains over flights", "text": "BANGALORE: Despite budget airlines and greater air connectivity, Indian Railways remains the most preferred mode of travel. A trend in Google shows there are more people searching for train tickets in the country than for air tickets. Bangalore ranks third in the online searches for rail tickets while it figures only at No.8 among top 10 cities looking for air tickets.Google Trends shows more demand for rail journeys in the top 10 cities compared to flights between January 2006 and November 2012. Also, Karnataka ranks third when searches for train tickets are compared in sub-region wise data put together but ranks fourth in airline ticket searches. This pretty much shows there are more people on a given day who travel by train than by air.The reasons are not too far to seek. People who travel from the city to Chennai, Thiruvananthapuram, Kochi and Hyderabad find it easier to travel by train because there are more trains to these destinations. Also, the distance between the city and the international airport is about 45km. So effectively, people have to take a taxi or a shuttle service and this doesn't necessarily cut down on time.Even to travel to other districts in the north and west of Karnataka, there are good roads and buses and rail-road infrastructure that is cheaper than travelling by air. Karnataka has only five airports, of which Bangalore and Mangalore airports witness heavy air traffic.In terms of search volumes for train tickets, Hyderabad tops the list of 10 cities. It's followed by Chennai, Bangalore, Coimbatore, Mumbai and New Delhi for searches during the six-year period. Mumbai witnessed the highest volume of searches for air tickets, followed by New Delhi, Mahape (in Navi Mumbai), Surat, Gurgaon and others. Bangalore figures eighth in the list, after Ludhiana and Noida. Incidentally, Hyderabad figures last when it comes to search volumes on air tickets from the city.QUOTE HANGER :I live in Marathahalli and need to travel to Chennai frequently. It doesn't make sense for me to travel all the way to BIA and take a flight. It's so much easier by bus or train. Moreover, travelling by air is a costly affair and for the common man, train is the cheapest mode always. My ailing parents prefer to take a train to Chennai from KR Puram station, which is very close to my house.Vinod S, market researcher", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421256", "title": "Long work hours, no social life but the young love Mumbai", "text": "MUMBAI: The young and the employed in the city endure prolonged work hours, hectic commute, housing woes and a near-zero social life. Yet, 90% of them say they would not even dream of leaving Mumbai for another city.These are some of the findings of a survey commissioned by Young Bombay Forum, the youth wing of the Bombay Chamber of Commerce and Industry (BCCI). The survey, which was released on Thursday, focused on the work life and after-work life of 1,004 employed young adults aged between 21 and 35. It highlighted how most Mumbaikars spend one to three hours travelling to and from their workplace. Close to 59% of the respondents lived more than 35 kilometres from their offices.The survey, carried out by the Indian Market Research Bureau (IMRB) International, showed that about 60% of those interviewed across small, medium and large corporates, were not completely satisfied with their work. Most clocked nine hours a day on an average, which left them with little time to indulge in recreational or physical activities. More than 68% of the respondents said they did not find the time to follow a fitness regime.Housing was one of the biggest issues for those who work in the city. A fourth of the workforce rents their accommodation; the percentage multiplies when it comes to those who have migrated to the city. About 35% of those who were interviewed are migrants who have been in the city for more than five years.While it highlighted lack of a social life, the study also brought to the fore the belief that youngsters themselves willingly spend extra hours at work. Ashith Kampani, chairperson of Young Bombay Forum, ca lled the study an eye-opener. \"There is no doubt that they lead extremely stressful lives. But there are also days when they can go home early and yet they choose to hang around in office,\" he said.The findings that 84% of the working youth have a mentor at their workplace and 90% have a best friend at work also point towards this fact. Interestingly, men tend to linger more at their workplaces.Kampani said the internet and more recently the social media have brought about a change in the youth, who like working more on their virtual image than a real one with their families. Yet, he suggested, corporate houses have to take it upon themselves to device ways to cut down on stress. \"We will be sensitizing companies and working with them to look for solutions,\" he said. \"Smaller companies will need a little hand-holding to bring in more healthy work practices.\"Deepa Mathew, group business director, IMRB International, said employers must appreciate the fact that most don't mind commuting as long as the job is satisfying or pays well.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427631", "title": "Jayaram in B-town", "text": "It looks like it's the turn of Jayaram to make his inroads in Hindi cinema. The Thenali actor is reportedly reprising the character he played in Thuppakki in the Hindi version of the film.Reports say that Jayaram is doing the Hindi remake of the latest Tamil blockbuster Thuppakki , which had Vijay in the lead. In the film, Ilaiyathalapathy plays an Army officer and Jayaram appears as his senior officer.Jayaram is now playing the same role in the Bollywood version, which will have Akshay Kumar in the lead.The Bollywood version will also be directed by A R Murugadoss, who became a big after the stupendous success of Ghajini , which had Aamir Khan in the lead", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "17422647", "title": "Baga pub employee held for theft", "text": "CALANGUTE: The Calangute police on Wednesday arrested an employee of a pub in Baga for stealing cash from the pub premises.The police said that Prakash Talwar, the manager of Kamaki bar, lodged a complaint that an unknown person had robbed 1,22,500, which had been kept in a locker in the storeroom.After receiving the complaint, the Calangute police began questioning employees of the pub and zeroed in on Ranjit Behra, a helper in the pub. He was taken into custody and on sustained questioning, confessed to having robbed the cash. The police managed to recover the whole amount.This is the third such crime in Calangute in recent months. A few months ago, an employee of Hype pub, Baga, had robbed around 9 lakh, while the employees of a petrol pump in Naikawaddo had robbed nearly 4 lakh two months ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "17428470", "title": "MKCG too sick to celebrate golden jubilee", "text": "BERHAMPUR: The five-day golden jubilee celebration at MKCG Medical College and hospital here on Saturday brings no cheer to the patients. Shortage of staff has affected functioning of most departments of this lone referral hospital in southern Odisha.Bikash Sahu (35) had to leave for Visakhapatnam in Andhra Pradesh for an open heart surgery since the facility is no longer available at MKCG. The last such operation at the cardio thoracic surgery department was done five years ago. \"At least three surgeons and trained paramedical staff are required to conduct an open heart surgery,\" said Suresh Mishra, a cardiothoracic surgeon. There are no permanent doctors in this 15-bed department and instead it is being run by a doctor on contractual arrangement.Similar is the fate of other departments like nephrology and endocrinology. Besides, lack of modern equipment also plagues all the 34 departments with 1,081 beds.The shortage of doctors not only creates problems for the daily inflow of 2,000 patients but also the 150 MBBS students of the medical college. Students demanded rationalization of staff position in all medical colleges of the state to tide over the problem.A senior doctor said doctors are not keen on joining duty at MKCG as the hospital lacks infrastructure and facilities to treat patients. \"The hospital needs a 24-bed ICU and a full-fledged casualty ward. The kidney transplantation facility which was recently launched at SCB Medical College and Hospital in Cuttack should be extended to MKCG,\" said a retired doctor.Medical college authorities said they have submitted a proposal for a central ICU in the hospital. Besides, the government has sanctioned construction of new buildings at an estimated cost of Rs 150 crore, said in-charge principal R M Tripathy. The buildings include a seven-storied and a five-storied building for indoor facility and library respectively, a 1,500-capacity auditorium and two examination halls for the students. The work on the new buildings would start soon, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424092", "title": "2 accused taken on 2-day police remand", "text": "GURGAON: In the double murder case of an ambulance van owner, Bijendra Chauhan alias Kukku, and his driver, Rajendra, police produced the two accused, who were arrested on Wednesday, in a city court on Thursday. Police took them on two days' police remand and were interrogating them.After taking them on remand police recovered the iron rods which were used by them in the double murder. After killing the van owner and his driver the accused had stolen the oxygen gas cylinder from the ambulance van, which was recovered by police from their rented room, said an investigating officer.Police investigation into the double murder revealed that six people, including a former driver of the deceased ambulance van operator, had killed the two in Sector 37 and later left the bodies in the abandoned van in Sector 10. Police arrested two of the accused on Wednesday, but the mastermind, Rahul, and three others are still at large. Kukku and his driver, Rajendra, were found dead in the HUDA ground in front of Euro International School in Sector 10 early last Friday (Nov 23.The arrested persons were identified as Akhilesh, resident of Singhan Khera village in Bharatpur district of Rajasthan, and Jaikaran Yadav, resident of Nangla Dakau village in Etawah in Uttar Pradesh. Both were living in Anjana Colony as tenants and Akhilesh ran a grocery shop in the colony.On Thursday after taking the accused on police remand, the crime branch team reached the rented room of accused Rajkaran, where Rahul, the mastermind of the double murder was also living with him. Police have recovered an oxygen cylinder, which was stolen by the accused from the ambulance van and they have desire to sell the cylinder after some days. Police also recovered two iron rods, which were used in the double murder.\"We have identified all the accused including the mastermind, Rahul. Our teams are on the lookout for the ones on the run,\" Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West), told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "17421856", "title": "Presidency University signs MoU with Trinity College", "text": "KOLKATA: Presidency University scaled a new height on Thursday by signing a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Trinity College, Dublin. This is the first time that Presidency inked a partnership with a foreign college after assuming the status of a university.As a first step towards the collaboration, two postgraduate students of Presidency University will be offered Keventer Scholarship by MK Jalan, the consul of Ireland in Kolkata, to study at Trinity College for a year.\"The amount of the scholarship is 2,50,000 Euros. Initially, only two students from Presidency University will be selected for the scholarship which may be extended to 10 students later. We are yet to chalk out the details,\" said Patrick J Prendergast, provost of Trinity College.\"The main areas of our partnership will be those which reflect global strength.The main focus will be on subjects like digital humanities, engineering, bio-sciences and emerging areas of research. The scholarships will go to bright students.The faculty exchange programme and student exchange agreement will take place as the first step of collaboration,\" he added.The first set of students will go to Trinity College from the 2013 session and will be awarded a PG degree by the college after studying for a year. Presidency University vice-chancellor Malabika Sarkar said, \"Department of geology of the university has an existing relation with Trinity College. The English department is also going for a collaboration.\" Since Trinity College has a one-year PG course, the method of PG students receiving a degree will be worked out, she said. applof th\"We shall work out the method in which a PG student enrolling for a two-year degree course in Presidency University can receive a PG degree from Trinity College which holds only a one-year postgraduation programme,\" she said.Presidency University opened a new chapter with the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with Trinity College, Dublin which has a legacy as rich as Presidency itself. On Thursday when the Provost of Trinity College, Patrick J Prendergast signed on the dotted lines, it marked a beginning of partnership with Presidency University. To begin with, two students from post graduation courses in Presidency will be offered Keventer Scholarship to study in Trinity College for one year by M K Jalan, the consul of Ireland in Kolkata.\"The amount of the scholarship is 2,50,000 Euros. Initially, only two students from Presidency University will be selected for the scholarship which may be extended to 10 students later. We are yet to chalk out the details,\" the provost said.He added, \"The areas which reflect global strength will be the main areas of our partnership. The main focus will be on subjects like Digital humanities, engineering, bio-sciences and emerging areas of research. The scholarships will go to bright students and will benefit at the highest level. The faculty exchange programme and student exchange agreement is taking place as the first step of collaboration. Staff mobility and PG student exchange is the primary focus.\"The first set of students will go in 2013 session. The PG students after studying one year in the college will be awarded a PG degree by Trinity College.Vice-Chancellor of Presidency University Malabika Sarkar said, \"there are a few similarities between presidency University and Trinity College. Both are research intensive institutes and compact. Department of Geology of Presidency University already has an existing relation with Trinity College. Even department of English is going for a collaboration with the college. This is only the beginning.\"The V-C added, \" we shall work out the method in which a PG student enrolling for two year degree course in Presidency University can receive a PG degree from Trinity University which holds only a one year post graduation programme.\"This is the first foreign college with which Presidency university has signed a MoU after it was converted from college to university. According to senior officials of the university there are a few more foreign collaborations in the anvil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "17422346", "title": "Leadership at all levels key to success, says army chief", "text": "PUNE: Chief of Army Staff General Bikram Singh has highlighted the significance of leadership at all levels in the armed forces in the wake of the constantly changing nature of modern day warfare.\"Leadership at all levels remains the cornerstone and the lynchpin for organizational excellence,\" he said while addressing the passing out parade of the 123rd course at the prestigious National Defence Academy (NDA), Khadakwasla, on Thursday. \"The need is to tirelessly strive for improvement of skill and competence to remain worthy of the organizational aspiration,\" he added. A total of 318 cadets, including 13 from friendly foreign countries, passed out from the academy on completion of their three-year course in academic, physical and basic military training. This included 215 army cadets, 43 naval cadets and 60 air force cadets, all of whom had commenced their training on December 29, 2009, and will now move to their respective officers' training academies for another one year course to get commissioned in the armed forces.Singh, himself an alumni of the academy's 40th course, quoted former army chief General K Sundarji while stating that soldiering is not a mere profession, but a way of life and an attitude to excel amidst odds. \"It, therefore, attempts to address the soul to create a vibrant mindset, taking within its fold all aspects of a soldier's life, his job, his family, his expectations and his commitment,\" he said. The army chief said, \"Soldiering is the only profession where leadership requires the leader to motivate his men to make the ultimate sacrifice in the line of duty. For that, a military leader has to lead from the front and set an example for his team to emulate.\"He said, \"Our young leaders have time and again demonstrated unmatched grit, determination and always placed accomplishment of mission above personal safety. Various wars fought by us, including the ongoing proxy war, bear apt testimony to this conviction.\" Singh advised the young cadets to be prepared for making difficult choices in the life ahead and let their decisions be guided by the NDA motto of 'Service before self' and the NDA prayer that urges to always choose the 'Harder right than the easier wrong'.He commended the NDA for maintaining an all-round excellence in military training and management. \"The training at the academy is aimed at not only making the cadets physically and mentally robust, but also to instill the core values of military i.e. integrity, loyalty, respect, selfless service, courage and honour,\" he said. The passing out cadets included five from Bhutan , three from Kazakhstan and five from Afghanistan . An impressive fly-past by Super Dimona aircraft, a Sukhoi formation and a trio of helicopters comprising an advanced light helicopter, Chetak and Cheetah helicopters marked the ceremony.Defence secretary Shashikant Sharma, Commandant of NDA Lt Gen Ashok Singh, senior officers from the armed forces and dignitaries were present.Singh presented the President's gold medal for overall excellence to battalion cadet captain (BCC) Bhojpal Shakya. The President's silver and bronze medals were presented to academy cadet adjutant Aditya Vilas Kohale and BCC Abindan Chandel, respectively. The 'November' squadron was awarded the coveted chiefs of staff banner, which is given to the squadron that stands first among all squadrons in sports as well as academics.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422809", "title": "Clouds to go, temperature to dip", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The first winter rain brought along more jitters than smiles for those who have a wedding in the family during the coming week. The city recorded 0.1mm rainfall that caused the maximum temperature to fall by 2.8 degrees C.However, going by the Chandigarh meteorological centre's prediction, the clouds would vanish by Friday evening, giving way to clear sky. But the city would witness a major dip in temperatures from Saturday.Glad to hear about the clear weather, Sector-7 resident Sakshi Mishra said: \"My brother's wedding is scheduled for December 5 and we were praying for sunny days. Rain will definitely spoil the fun. The 'mehndi' and 'haldi' rituals have been specially planned in the lawn, keeping in mind the sunshine.\" Equally relieved at the no-rain forecast, Damini Rao of Sector 38 said, \"It is already so cold and if it rains again, the temperatures will drop further. My cousin is getting married and the reception is on Sunday. Showers will ruin the celebrations.\"But for those who have no such 'compulsions', the rain made for a pleasant morning. \"The showers played a little spoilsport but the clouds gave the city a beautiful canopy. It wasn't even that cold,\" said Charandeep Singh, a resident of Sector 15. \"It felt like real winter, all thanks to the clouds,\" said Rishika Vashisht, a resident of Sector 8. Surender Paul, the director of Chandigarh meteorological centre, said, \"The rainfall city received was because of snowfall in upper regions due to western disturbance over Jammu and Kashmir. But the sky will be mainly clear from Friday.\"Due to scattered showers, the meteorological centre could not record the exact amount of rainfall. The maximum temperature in the city was 21.5 degrees C whereas the minimum was 10.9 degrees C. On Friday, the maximum is expected to be around 22 degrees C and night temperature might drop to 9 degrees C.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421298", "title": "Market policy now made lucrative for developers", "text": "MUMBAI: In order to boost redevelopment of dilapidated civic markets, the BMC has come up with an amended market policy to make it lucrative for interested developers.Under the amended policy, the BMC will levy a less premium on the sale component of the project. Also, the markets or estate department will not charge any premium for the fungible FSI. Apart from development plan department, that charges 60% premium on the compensatory FSI the BMC allows, the markets department will not charge any money. In the earlier plan, they were charging 40% premium on the extra FSI. The modified version of the policy is only for 25 markets the BMC plans to redevelop.The premium on the sale component of the project will be calculated on the basis of the nature of construction, if residential then 100 % ready reckoner rates will be levied, if commercial, then 200% and if industrial then 125% of the ready reckoner rates will be levied as premium.\"The policy will be tabled in the improvements panel on Friday, after which a decision will be taken,\" said Ram Barot, improvement's panel head.The existing urban development policy gives redevelopment an FSI of 2.5 to 1.33, depending on the year a market was originally built. The BMC-builder FSI ratio is 1:0.6 for markets in island city and 1:1 in suburbs. The new policy seeks to calculate builders' profits using a formula that takes into account ready reckoner values of a plot relative to the remaining markets in both island city and suburbs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420477", "title": "Carlota is the one to beat at Indian Open", "text": "NEW DELHI: Carlota Ciganda admires Rory McIlroy for his fearlessness, and adores countryman Rafael Nadal for being the complete athlete. If there's anything she has adopted from them, it is their fighting spirit.Ciganda, who hails from the Spanish city of Pamplona - famous for the running of the bulls - admits that she has never displayed this quality in the mad festivities back home. On the golf course, however, it is another matter. The 22-year-old qualified for the LPGA on her first attempt and in Europe, this rookie rules the roost. She will be keen to prove more points at the tri-sanctioned $300,000 Hero Women's Indian Open beginning on Friday.No. 1 in the Order of Merit after two victories this season in the Netherlands and China, she is not missing German Caroline Masson who is 32,000 euros behind her. Caroline is in the US due to her LPGA playing commitments and Carlota wants to take advantage in her absence. \"For me it's good that she's not playing because she's in Q-School but there is still Dubai (yearender) and a lot of money so I have to do really well here.\"The best thing about a professional athlete, she says, is \"the places you get to visit and see, makes you more open-minded and respectful.\"After landing in India for the first time, her first tweet was, \"Crazy drivers. If you can drive here, you can drive anywhere.\" She can prepare for the jam on the leaderboard at the DLF Golf &amp; Country as the tournament is not shorn of stars.World No. 41 Caroline Hedwall returns to defend her title. The 2011 Order of Merit winner and Rookie of the Year hopes to revive her good memories here. \"I remember hitting a lot of wedges and short irons into the greens, and giving myself a lot of birdie opportunities,\" she reminisced.Then there's English veteran Laura Davies, the 2010 champ, two-time winner Pornanong Phatlum of Thailand , Scottish glam girl Carly Booth and the good-humoured Aussie Stacey Keating.Women's Indian OpenThe $300,000 event features 108 competitors. Is tri-sanctioned by the LET, Ladies Asian Golf Tour (LAGT) and Women's Golf Association of India (WGAI).World flavour: Defending champ Caroline Hedwall has won one event on the LET Tour this season, T-5 at Kia Classic on the LPGA. Laura Davies has won 82 international events. Thai Pornanong Phatlum has won the HSBC Brazil Cup, an unofficial LPGA event. Ciganda is LET Order of Merit leader.Indian challenge: There are 19 Indians. Challenge is spearheaded by Smriti Mehra and Sharmila Nicollet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "dds talks about tigerstyle, turning into producer, debut single and lots more", "code": "17426523", "title": "Tigerstyle boys don't restrain artistic vision: DDS", "text": "DDS talks about Tigerstyle, turning into producer, debut single and lots more:For those who don't know, tell us about DDS &amp; who you are? DDS is my stage/producer name. I've been Djing for just over 14 years and started producing basic beats around that time too. I have always had a strong desire to create music but projects were overshadowed by putting blood, sweat and tears into building a successful entertainment service. With some serious commitment, I have since managed to bring my vision to fruition and have completed my debut album and I'm ready to release a variety of singles from it.You first broke onto the scene with your debut single 'Ik Jindree' which featured collaboration between two north American acts; Ishmeet Narula &amp; Bikram Singh. How did you manage to make this happen? This collaboration came about by sheer chance from where I was standing as it was not part of the original album. But as they say, everything happens for a reason and both North American talents were best placed to create something fresh and original. The story goes - I was in NYC, playing alongside Bikram Singh and he mentioned he had written another duet to which the lyrics were unfinished. He sang the first verse along with the chorus and I fell in love with the song. I then took the song back to the UK to start working on it. Once the music was lovingly crafted I flew Bikram out to the DDS Mix Factory and we finalised the vocal. We then had the momentous task of finding a female vocalist who could fit the track perfectly. We tried numerous vocalist from all over the globe but I was not satisfied with the synergy with both Bikram and the music. Bikram then had a chance meeting with Ishmeet Narula, at a US show and was amazed by her voice and her live performance. He then sent me her demo and we went from there. A very fitting story as it all just fell into place... it ties in well with the song subject matter. How romantic!In 2008 you released an album promo on Youtube for your album - Will this album ever see a release? I'll be brutally honest. I scrapped everything I had done after that promo was released. I actually had the guts to delete what was more than half of a complete albums worth of music. To this day I cant believe I did it. I took stock of my work and decided that it had taken me this long to get around to making music, that it had to be perfect. Hence the name of the upcoming record. The album has the 'some' desi/bhangra on it for all of the party goers that love to shrug their shoulders to a dhol beat. Although I can confidently say that I have managed to cater to audiences outside of this and hope the hybrid nature of the record will appeal to everyone who takes the time to listen to it. Having avoided the 'commercial only' aspect of much of todays music, I have created something that cater's to me too! To answer your question, YES the album will be released but in a completely different guise to the original concept.2012 has seen the return for DDS with the single 'DJ Utho' featuring the very talented Des-C. How did this collaboration come about? The DJ circuit exposed me to countless singers, producers and artists. I was always very aware of Des-C's vocal talents and enjoyed listening to his music, as well as admiring his stage presence when performing. We spoke on various occasions about collaborating and took the 'hojayga' approach which never materialized into anything. I then took steps to present a solid concept to him and funnily enough he had already been working on lyrics centered around the DJ industry, having had the experience himself some years prior. The song itself was conceived and born into its current form over the course of a year and you'll notice how different it is upon your first listen. I wasn't out to create the 'NEW SOUND OF 2012'. That couldn't have been further from my mind. Des-C was in a similar mind frame. We just crafted a track which had some dance appeal based around a relatable subject.Coming from a DJ background yourself, was it a conscious decision to try and do a song that praises DJ's? The natural trend from DJ to Producer is not without controversy. There is a large proportion of 'producers' who delegate established producers to create music for them and slap a label on the cover with their roadshow name on. It obviously helps enhance their DJ business. It's a great business tactic but shouldn't be what making music is about. These people are probably fantastic DJ's in their own right and I felt this song would be a way to recognize them all. Too all the hard working DJ's out there, I salute you. Contrary to the way a lot of music is 'ghost produced' nowadays, I have gone out of my way to create each track from scratch... they literally start off as absolutely nothing. The finished product is always as close to my vision as possible.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "jamshedpur", "code": "17428471", "title": "Medicinal council gaffes come to light", "text": "JAMSHEDPUR: The Akhil Bharatiya Vidyarthi Parishad (ABVP), student's wing of the BJP, has demanded deferment of the proposed appointment of homeopathy doctors in the state. Finding gross errors in the appointment advertisement (no 7/2012) published by the Jharkhand Rural Health Mission Society of the health and family welfare department, the ABVP has said if the appointment of the homeopathy doctors is taken up in accordance with the existing guidelines of the Jharkhand State Medicinal Council (JSMC), then it will end up being declared null and void.\"The Central Council of Homeopathy (CCH) clearly calls for the reconstitution of the JSMC and fresh enrollment of the homeopathy students by the newly formed body,\" said ABVP state president (technical wing) Amitabh Senapati adding that the existing medicinal council lacks mandate to appoint homeopathy doctors.In a letter submitted to the chief minister, Arjun Munda , the ABVP delegation asked for immediate affiliation of local homeopathy colleges with the respective university of the area.\"The Jharkhand gazette of 2007 roots for homeopathy medical college's affiliation with the respective university in the territorial jurisdiction, which means Singhbhum Homeopathy Medical College (in Jamshedpur) needs to be affiliated with the Kolhan University,\" said the ABVP functionary pointing at yet another mistake of the medicinal council. The Singhbhum Homeopathy Medical College is currently affiliated with Vinobha Bhave University, Hazaribag.In the memorandum, the homeopathy doctors, have urged the respective department to make sure the Bachelor of Homepathy Medical Science (BHMS) degree course is incorporated in Schedule II of the Central Council for Homeopathy (CCH).\"The gross errors of the state medicinal council were detected following our detailed study of the appointment advertisement published by the health department and subsequent approach to the senior CCH officials,\" said Senapati adding that the chief minister has assured them of taking up the matter with the state health secretary to ensure justice to the bonafide homeopathy doctors of the state.Over 400 qualified homeopathy doctors of the state, including the students of Godda, Mihijam and Garhwa homeopathy medical colleges, are likely to suffer if the appointments are carried out without following due diligence, said ABVP.Attn: The second story about the Indian Science Federation which is preparing to host an event in the city for first time jointly with the Tata Steel will be known sometime in the afternoon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "17423093", "title": "Rumi topi makes a comeback in Hyderabad shops", "text": "HYDERABAD: Mohammed Abid, 45, an expert craftsman in the bustling Madina market area, is a happy man these days as the famous Fez cap or Rumi topi, once adorned by the 7th Nizam, Mir Osman Ali Khan, and his noblemen is back in business.The cap markets of Old City had taken the royal hat off shelves with no takers for the hat, made in the shape of a truncated cone, of kilim fabric, multi-coloured with a tassel (phunna) attached to the top. It is largely believed to be of Greek origin with the cone (shell) imported from Greece, Turkey and Egypt for finishing to be done by craftsmen here back in the days.The craft was dying in the last 20 years as people opted for fancy baseball caps or other hats, but traders say people off late have started ordering the hats again as a status symbol in marriages and important programmes. \"Off late we are getting lot of young buyers especially for marriages, festivals and other functions,\" said Abid, who runs a cap mart in a lane close to Madina.He is the lone supplier of this hat in the area and is a third generation craftsman keeping the Rumi topi alive by continuing his family legacy. Abid says each of the six-inch long Rumi topi requires 30 minutes to make and costs Rs 250. He along with other shopkeepers have started to stock them up again now.\"Earlier there were hundreds of craftsmen in Hyderabad but now there is only one left,\" says Rafi Ahmed of Ahmed Cap Mart. Mohammed Ilyas Bukhari of Mohammed Cap Mart maintains that he has had NRI customers who buy this hat to wear or to gift others. \"Personality transforms completely once a person dons this hat on a sherwani,\" says Bukhari.The titular Nizam Mukarram Jah is also known to wear this hat even now, apart from members of high profile Muslim families.It was during 1920s when the Khilafat Movement started that this hat made its presence in India. Historian Ziauddin Ahmed Shakeb says that during those days it was worn by every individual who believed in Khilafat Movement.The cap was also a part of the dress code at Osmania University. \"In other parts of India, Rumi topi was largely worn by Muslims but in Hyderabad, both Muslims and Hindus, wore the topi as it was a mark of prestige and culture,\" Shakeb adds.While the Rumi topi became fashionable during the reign of Nizam VII, later on in the police action era, people starting putting on the Gandhi caps. The Jinnah cap, also called Karakul hat, was also worn apart from the regular skull caps, perhaps taking the sheen off Rumi hats.Ziauddin Shakeb says that Hyderabadi mind is a primitive mind and by donning the cap, people think that they are bringing the erstwhile glory back. \"The Rumi topi making a comeback in Hyderabad is a revival of the past. Though it is not strongly predominant, it is making its presence felt,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17427844", "title": "Irrfan overwhelmed with 'Life of Pi' response", "text": "Actor Irrfan, who played the role of Pi Patel in Ang Lee's \" Life of Pi\", is excited about the response the film has received. He calls it a great sign for the Indian film industry.\"(The) way our audience has absorbed and embraced the complexity and simplicity of ' Life Of Pi' with such eagerness, it is a great sign for our film industry! Jai ho!\" Irrfan tweeted.\"This new audience is going to hugely affect our filmmaking, we are going to see a diverse and dynamic film industry. Thanks to all film lovers,\" he added.\"Life Of Pi\" , based on Yann Martel's Booker Prize-winning novel of the same name, features debutant Suraj Sharma, Tabu and Irrfan in prominent roles. It narrates the tale of a boy who is adrift at sea in a lifeboat with a Royal Bengal tiger after his family is drowned in a shipwreck.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17424358", "title": "Arumugam loyalist to hold charge of Salem", "text": "With the organisational elections of the party scheduled for 2013, the high-command did not want to create any fissures at the grassroot level at the moment, sources said. Sivalingam, a close associate of Arumugam, joined the DMK in 1965. He represented Panamarathupatti constituency in Salem district in 1989 and 1996. He functioned as district secretary for three years beginning 1996, after the party chose to relieve the then ministers like Veerapandi Arumugam, T Kiruttinan and K S Mani from the post of district secretaries and made them zonal secretaries.Besides Sivalingam, leaders like Rajya Sabha MP T M Selvaganapathi, former MLAs R Rajendran and S R Sivalingam and Arumugam's son Raja are in the race for the key post of Salem district secretary, sources said.\"Even in the cases of Karur and north Chennai, where the posts of district secretaries fell vacant following the death of Vasuki and resignation of V S Babu, only temporary arrangements were made,\" said a senior leader. When contacted, Sivalingam said he would lead the district, with the support and guidance of the party high-command.\"I will take forward the legacy of Veerapandi Arumugam,\" he said.With the loss of Arumugam, DMK lost a strongman in the western belt of Tamil Nadu. He had a huge clout over the districts of Salem, Namakkal, Dharmapuri and Krishnagiri districts. Arumugam was one among the senior leaders, who faced arrests on the charges of land grabbing, after the AIADMK government assumed charge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "17421053", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBhujbals\u00e2\u20ac\u2122 net worth up 100 times in 3 yrs\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "MUMBAI: BJP leader and former MP Kirit Somaiya on Thursday launched a fresh attack on senior NCP leader and PWD minister Chhagan Bhujbal and his family. Somaiya alleged that Bhujbal family's net worth jumped 100 times in the past three years and has demanded an open probe into the enormous rise in the assets value.Somaiya said that during the 2009 polls, Bhujbal, his son Pankaj and nephew Samir, in their election affidavit, disclosed the value of their family assets as Rs 21 crore. Three years on, the balance sheet of the companies owned by the Bhujbal clan is worth around Rs 2,100 crore. \"Bhujbal should make the money multiplying formula public to help the poor become rich in a short span,\" said Somaiya, adding, \"If Bhujbal is unwilling to reveal the reasons for the rise in his assets value, the DF government should probe it. The ACB is waiting for a nod from the chief minister's office for an open inquiry against Bhujbal. The rise in the assets value too should be investigated.\"Refuting the allegations, Bhujbal said, \"For the past few months, Somaiya has been making allegations against me and my family. The charges levelled against the Bhujbal family on Thursday are not new. In recent the past, the BJP leader has made similar baseless allegations. If Somaiya has the details of the rise in the assets value, then he should forward it to the income-tax department.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "17425550", "title": "MCC puts its parks up for adoption", "text": "MYSORE: In a significant decision on maintaining of parks in the city, the Mysore City Corporation handed over a few parks and sports stadium to private players here on Thursday.Mysore city has 387 parks and MCC commissioner M R Ravi had called upon industrialists and business entrepreneurs to come forward to help MCC maintain its parks through adoption system. Responding to it, many entrepreneurs and industrialists came forward to take them over.B M Laxmirajappa Park in ward number 11, JP Nagar, was handed over to MCC corporator D L Byrappa and Puttaraj Gawai Stadium in the same area was taken over by journalist Rajashekar Koti and D L Byrappa. Two circles near Venkateshwar Temple in KRS Road and MG Road were handed over to Mysore Institute of Commerce and Arts (MICA).Speaking at the event, MCC commissioner said the MCC was maintaining 119 parks and planned to hand over the rest to private players. The MCC has drawn up a 11-month contract with the private parties, wherein the private players will only be responsible for maintaining the park and the MCC will continue to be the prime authority.The Mysore Chamber of Commerce and Industry (MCCI) has also come forward to adopt a few parks.MCC is also planning to set up an 'urban forest' in parks which will be free from decorative plants and lawns. The urban forests will also be low or zero maintenance parks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "17423184", "title": "Non-resident Gujarati duped of 30 lakh", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A Non-resident Gujarati (NRG) has filed a complaint against a builder for cheating and breach of trust worth Rs 30 lakh with Naranpura police.According to a complaint by Bindesh Trivedi alias Ben, a resident of Vidyanagar Society, Usmanpura, he was approached by Bhavesh Jani, a resident of Ranip and proprietor of Ruchi Nirman, in July 2011. Jani asked him to invest in a property development near Ranthambhore in Rajasthan and Trivedi agreed. He gave Jani a cheque of Rs 30 lakh for the project.\"As per Trivedi's complaint, when he did not hear anything about the project for a year, he started pressing Jani to return the money which the builder promised he would. However, while Trivedi was out of country, an apparently drunk Jani came to his residence on April 15 and brandished a revolver and threatened Trivedi's son Raj of dire consequences if he or his father tried to harass him about the money,\" said a police official. Investigators say that when Trivedi returned recently and heard about the incident, he decided to file a police compliant. Police have also added sections of the Arms Act in this case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "17428046", "title": "Creating AIDS awareness through slogans, posters", "text": "KANPUR: With a view to spread awareness among youths about HIV and AIDS, the University Institute of Paramedical Sciences organised a poster making and a slogan writing contest at the Institute of Fine Arts on the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj University (CSMU) premises here on Thursday. The event was inaugurated by Ashok Kumar, Vice Chancellor, CSMU by lighting a lamp. Present on the occasion were a team of doctors from the Indian Medical Association (IMA) including Dr Santosh Kumar, Dr RN Chaurasia, Dr VC Rastogi and Dr Rajesh Jain. Rajeev Bajpai of Swasthya Kanpur Pariyojana was also present as a guest. With a paint and brush the guests made a red cross, the symbol of AIDS prevention drive, on canvas to mark the start of the event. The participants had been divided into two teams of students from graduation classes and the other of Intermediate students. A number of students from the university and from various degree colleges including DG Girls College, Mahila Degree College, Guru Nanak Girls PG College and Acharya Narendra Dev Girls College participated in the poster competition with enthusiasm. Through their posters students highlighted ways to prevent getting infected with HIV. They also brought out the myths associated with the disease. While Abhishek Kumar of department of Fine Arts of CSJMU was adjudged winner of the poster competition, Mansi Singh, also a student of Fine Arts student bagged the second place. Anita Devi of Guru Nanak Girls Degree College grabbed the third position. In the Intermediate students category, Kriti Shukla, Aakriti Singh and Divya Shukla of BNSD Shiksha Niketan were adjudged winners of first, second and third prizes, respectively. Diksha Bajpai of Institute of Fine Arts, Shashi Bhushan of University Institute of Paramedical Sciences and Shagun of Pt Deen Dayal Upadhyay Sanatan Dharm Vidyalaya w on the first, second and third positions, respectively in the slogan writing competition. The best slogan was 'AIDS-Mukt Samaj Banana Hai Toh Jankari Jan-Jan Tak Pauchana Hai' by Diksha Bajpai. Brijendra Kumar of CSJMU, Smriti Gupta of University Institute of Paramedical Sciences and Shreya Chaudhary of the same institute won the consolation prizes. The entries were judged by KK Singh and J Bali in the poster competition. Judges of the slogan competition were K K Singh, Anshuma Mishra and Vishal Yadav. Dr Praveen Katiyar, Co-ordinator of University Institute of Paramedical Sciences informed that on Friday a voluntary blood donation camp will be organised and for university faculty and staff members and paramedical staff employed in city hospitals, a seminar on AIDS would be held on the university campus. He said students from various degree colleges would be participating in the seminar. He also mentioned that Dr Kiran Pandey from Gynaecology department, GSVM Medical College and Dr B P Priyadarshi from Medicine Department GSVM Medical would be the speakers during the seminar. Ashok Kumar V-C of CSJMU would be the chief guest. Dr R P Yadav, chief medical officer, Kanpur (City) will be present in the programme.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422858", "title": "Berlin builds new friendships", "text": "CHANDIGARH: It was not just the German hospitality, but the culture that left its impression on the two students from Panjab University who returned from the European nation after a year-long research fellowship on nano-particles.Going by the German proverb, \"Other countries, other customs\", Ravneet Kaur and Sakshi Gupta, both PhD students from the department of chemistry, PU, got along with their German friends and adopted their culture and habits during their stay.\"From dining with the German family that hosted us to learning how to speak the language, we enjoyed every part of our stay there. Getting to know a totally new culture while you get to make friends for life is something that only a scientist or researcher can experience effortlessly,\" said Ravneet.They had been selected for the \"Deutscher Akademischer Austausch Dienst\" fellowship, under which they pursued research at Technical University, Berlin, considered a prestigious university in the field of chemistry.One of the aspects of their research work is \"fabrication of long lasting, stable metal nano-particles from metal surfactant complexes and their utilization in catalysis for organic reactions.\"\"We were provided this opportunity by the German Academic Exchange Service under the Sandwich programme for registered PhD scholars. While learning German language as a part of the DAAD programme was an enriching experience in itself, meeting researchers from various countries and getting to know their experiences was a pleasure,\" said Sakshi. The two are currently doing their research under S K Mehta, a faculty member at the PU chemistry department.\"Apart from the academic gains, we picked up the extraordinary traits of local people like punctuality, organization, planning, honesty and diplomacy,\" added Ravneet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17420958", "title": "UPA's flagship scheme in CAG net", "text": "NEW DELHI: Houses built for the poor allotted to ineligible beneficiaries, diversion of over Rs 100 crore to unapproved ventures, and a huge lapse in completion of projects mark UPA's flagship programme for urban areas \u00e2\u20ac\u201d the Jawaharlal Nehru National Urban Renewal Mission (JNNURM).The Comptroller and Auditor General (CAG) of India has found serious lacunae and irregularities in the implementation of JNNURM in a nationwide audit that was tabled in Parliament on Thursday.Flagging irregularities and diversion of funds as major concerns, the federal audit body has suggested to the ministries of urban development and housing and poverty alleviation to have \"zero\" tolerance policy in these regards.The auditor found that during the seven-year-period ((2005-06 to 201-12) of JNNURM-I, 63 urban bodies across the country completed only 231 of the 1,298 infrastructure projects \u00e2\u20ac\u201d a dismal record of only 18% completion. It was far worse in the case of urban housing projects for the poor. The report showed that only 22 housing projects out of the 1,517 approved ones were completed till the end of last fiscal.The auditor's report has also brought out that out of 16.07 lakh houses approved only 4.18 lakh were completed till March, 2011, and of these completed dwellings only 2.21 lakh were occupied. The audit has also indicated the \"risk of ineligible beneficiaries\" deriving benefits of this scheme for the poor due to \"deficiencies\" in the process of beneficiaries.In some cases, the CAG found that the beneficiaries were not identified or the surveys were not conducted. There were cases like in Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, where 295 houses were allotted to beneficiaries other than those mentioned in the detailed project reports (DPRs). Similarly in Faridabad, Haryana, out of 1,834 dwelling units only 202 were allotted since the process to identify beneficiaries was underway.CAG also found that in Ramanagara (Karnataka) against the 444 beneficiaries in the DPR, the final proposal was for construction of 1,800 houses. The audit body has recommended, \"Government of India may review the status of all housing schemes and step up the efforts to make allotment to eligible beneficiaries.\"In case of infrastructure projects, including in sectors such as transportation, sewage and solid waste management, the CAG found that only 11 out of the selected 216 projects were completed in seven years. To make matters worse, majority of the projects was incomplete. The report blamed deficient preparation and appraisal of DPR, non-availability of land, escalation in costs and change in design and scope.The auditor said there were eight cases of diversion of funds \u00e2\u20ac\u201d amounting to Rs 114.68 crore \u00e2\u20ac\u201d in JNNURM projects in Andhra Pradesh, Chhattisgarh, Haryana, Jharkhand, West Bengal and Himachal Pradesh. The diversion was for purposes other than those admissible under JNNURM. In one instance, funds were utilized for payment of salary to the civic employees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "17424076", "title": "Mason in love with contractor's niece murdered over 'honour'", "text": "GURGAON: A 38-year-old mason was allegedly murdered in a case of honour killing in Bhondsi village. An FIR of murder has been lodged against a contractor. Police sources said that the mason was having an affair with the contractor's niece. Police handed over the body to the next of kin after the postmortem and were searching for the accused, who were at large.According to police, one Kalu, native of Teekamgarh in Madhya Pradesh, was working as mason in Bhondsi village. He was staying in a room, which was located next to a tubewell. On Wednesday morning, after getting information police recovered Kalu's dead body from the tubewell room. His body was found in a bloody state and he had received multiple injuries on his head and other parts of the body.Police investigation revealed that the person killed over honour. The victim's colleague, one Kishori Lal, a native of Lalitpur in Uttar Pradesh, lodged a complaint with police saying that the victim was murdered. He named their contractor, Siya Ram Thekedar, resident of Maruti Kunj, Bhondsi, as the suspect. Bhondsi police lodged an FIR against Siya Ram Thekedar under Sections 302 and 201 and are investigating.Meanwhile, police sources said that the victim had an affair with the contractor's niece. The affair had come to light a couple of days ago and the contractor had warned the victim at that time. \"The postmortem report said that the victim was killed with iron %rods and other sharp weapons,\" said the investigating officer.\"The contractor role is found suspect behind the murder and an FIR has been lodged against him. Since, the honour killing behind the murder is not established yet and our teams are searching for the accused contractor. It will be cleared after the arrest of the accused contractor,\" Surendra Pal Singh, DCP (West) and acting DCP (South), told TOI.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17422603", "title": "Cannot account for 2 cartridges", "text": "NEW DELHI: Sukhdev Singh Namdhari has not been able to account for two of the 10 cartridges issued to him against his arms licence. The prosecution on Thursday stressed this point while seeking his police custody for seven days in connection with the Ponty shootout case.\"We need to find out where the other two bullets were used. We also need to recover the vehicles used in the commission of crime \u00e2\u20ac\u201d trespass, kidnapping and robbery before the shootout \u00e2\u20ac\u201d and take him to Bilaspur (Uttarakhand) for further investigation, and to arrest his men who were present on the day of the shootout,\" the prosecution told court.Sources had told TOI on the day of shootout that witnesses had reported seeing an Alto, an Indica and a mini truck speeding away from the Chhatarpur farmhouse.The prosecution told court police had added murder charges against Namdhari as the casings of two bullets fired at Hardeep from his pistol were missing from the crime spot. They said the bullet casings could have been taken away by the accused.The metropolitan magistrate extended Namdhari's police custody by three more days till December 2, saying the crime branch has to unearth the conspiracy behind the November 17 shootout, in which Ponty and Hardeep were killed. It sent six others arrested for trespassing on and looting the disputed Chhatarpur farmhouse to 14 days in judicial custody.Namdhari was arrested and booked under Section 302 of IPC, going by witness accounts. For his arrest, police relied primarily on the statement of co-accused Bhupinder Bisht, who used to be Ponty Chadha's bodyguard. Namdhari will now be produced in court on Sunday.The defence, however, dismissed the allegations citing various discrepancies. It said there was a two-day delay in passing the file from the local police to crime branch and Namdhari was present in the police station during November 17-20. It said the entire investigation was based on the FIR filed by Hardeep's driver Nandlal. \"If he was Hardeep's driver and Hardeep reached there around 12pm, how did Nandlal know what happened at 10.30 am?\"\"Show us any document which shows that the farmhouse belongs to Hardeep or Rajinder or Nandlal. This is absolutely wrong as the property was always with Ponty,\" the defence added. It also accused police of planting evidence against Namdhari.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17422919", "title": "\u00e2\u20ac\u02dcBelts come to rescue of those in front seats\u00e2\u20ac\u2122", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Chandigarh police have decided to send the Centre a proposal for making seat belts mandatory for rear seat passengers.Senior police officials said their accident evaluation team observed that in many accidents, passengers sitting on front seats were safe because they were wearing seat belts while passengers on the rear seats lost their lives.\"Wearing seat belts, while travelling is for the safety of passengers. In some cases of accidents, police have observed that passengers sitting on rear seats sustained serious injuries because they were not wearing seats belts. The issue is serious and needs urgent attention. We will send a proposal to make it mandatory for back seat passengers to wear seat belts,\" director general of Chandigarh police Pardeep Srivastava said.\"We spoke to many accident victims for their feedback who regretted not wearing seat belts while travelling. If a passenger on the rear seat is not wearing a seat belt, he will fall on the front mirror with full force in case of a collision. We have told the traffic police to keep an eye on drivers not wearing seat belts in the city,\" he said.Even though the Chandigarh police is keen to make passengers on rear seats wear seat belts, not many front seat passengers are eager to take the precaution. In 2010, more than 10,000 slips were issued in Chandigarh to people not wearing seat belts. In 2011, the number rose to more than 11,000. The figure stood at more than 5,500 till September 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "17421426", "title": "Committee to probe Haryana Public Service Commission prelims dispute", "text": "CHANDIGARH: The Haryana Public Service Commission (HPSC), on Thursday, agreed before the Punjab and Haryana high court to constitute an expert committee to look into the dispute pertaining to wrong questions of the preliminary examination of the Haryana Civil Service (Executive).The state public service commission made a formal statement to the effect before a division bench headed by chief justice A K Sikri during resumed hearing of the appeal filed by HPSC. The counsel for HPSC said it would constitute a subject-wise expert committee and examine representations by petitioners and other candidates.With this, the committee will examine 287 representations the commission received on two occasions and not any fresh representations. The case has been fixed for further hearing on December 3.On November 27, the commission suggested that the HC reduce cut off marks for preliminary examinations in all categories. The matter reached the high court after some petitioners challenged the action of the HPSC granting marks to candidates with reference to wrong questions in the preliminary examination of HCS-2011 held on March 25. The result was declared illegal and demand was raised for a fresh examination.The petitioners were against the commission decision to grant grace marks to some candidates for wrong answers in the booklet of general studies (compulsory paper) and some optional papers.Seeking quashing of commission's decision of awarding grace marks, petitioners had submitted that the Haryana Civil Services (Executive Branch) Rules, 2008 has no provision for granting of grace marks for wrong questions, if found in papers/booklets of the preliminary/main examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "17425836", "title": "Ram Charan's Zanjeer in legal troubles", "text": "The highly anticipated flick which happens to be the debut of Ram Charan in Bollywood is Zanjeer, the remake to 1973 blockbuster of Amitabh Bachchan with same name. This movie is produced by Amit Mehra, one among the three sons of Late Prakash Mehra who was the actual man behind old 'Zanjeer.' As remake rights are jointly held by three brothers, Amit brought it from both the brothers (Sumeet who stays in the US and Puneet who stays in Mumbai) but failed to pay the promised amount leading to termination of remake contract.When Sumeet and Puneet terminated the contract, Amit approached the Bombay High Court. As per the Court order, Amit can shoot the film but cannot release until the dues are cleared. Amit clarified that he will soon pay the debts of his brothers and will release 'Zanjeer' on time.Source: www.haihoi.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421228", "title": "Oil ministry needs Rs 3000cr more to hike LPG cap to 9 cylinders a year", "text": "NEW DELHI: The ball appears to be in the finance ministry's court for raising the annual cap on supply of subsidized cooking gas cylinders to a household. The oil ministry is willing to raise the ceiling from six refills to nine if the finance ministry agrees to dole out Rs 3,000 crore more subsidy for the remaining part of the current fiscal.This was the outcome of oil minister M Veerappa Moily's meeting with finance minister P Chidambaram and his two-hour-long brainstorming session with chief executives of state-run fuel retailers on Thursday.\"We can raise the cap to nine cylinders if the finance ministry agrees to give an additional subsidy. For the remaining part of the current fiscal, the additional subsidy would be over Rs 3,000 crore and on an annualized basis, it would be about Rs 9,000 crore at current prices,\" a top oil ministry official said after the session with oil company heads.The official said the fuel retailers were already losing Rs 400 crore daily on selling diesel and kitchen fuels at government-capped prices and would not be able to bear the burden of supplying additional subsidized cylinders.Moily had last week told Parliament that demand from various quarters for raising the cap \"was being looked into\". Only 44% of households in the country consume six cylinders in a year and the rest have to purchase between 3-6 cylinders at market rate, which stands at Rs 895.50 per 14.2-kg refill in Delhi. This has led to vociferous demands from all quarters to raising the cap.The government had on September 13 decided to restrict the supply of subsidized LPG to six cylinders of 14.2-kg each to every household in a year. Any requirement beyond this had to be purchased at market rates which are more than double the subsidized price of Rs 410.50 per bottle in Delhi.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "17421550", "title": "Kerosene stove explodes and kills student", "text": "BANGALORE: As was her habit, Shilpa Panduranga prepared to study late into the night at her Mahalakshmi Layout residence. She and her mother Rani finished dinner and Shilpa got ready to make coffee. Rani stepped out to buy groceries when tragedy stuck the 17-year-old student of RNS college in Vijayanagar.Shilpa tried to light the kerosene stove which had been repaired recently. The stove exploded and Shilpa went up in flames inside the single-room house. Neighbours heard the cries, rushed to the spot and broke open the door only to find Shilpa writhing on the floor with severe burn injuries. One neighbour called Rani on her mobile and she rushed back.\"Shilpa would drink coffee as she used to study till midnight. I told her to make coffee and went to the grocery shop near my house,\" Rani said.With the help of Mahalakshmi Layout police, Rani shifted Shilpa to the Victoria Hospital burns ward around 10.30pm. \"Shipa died around 11.30pm; she had received more than 70% burn injuries,\" police said.Rani told police: \"She told me what had happened before she breathed her last. The flame knobs were blocked and Shilpa said she shook the stove violently. The flames spread and she was set ablaze.\"Rani was the only daughter of Panduranga, an electrician in Maddur near Mandya, and while Rani, a homemaker. Her body was taken to Maddur on Thursday afternoon for the last rites.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "17426098", "title": "Rehabilitation centre inaugurated", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: 'Pakal Veedu', a rehabilitation centre for the inmates of government mental health care centre in Peroorkada was inaugurated on Thursday. The centre has been set by HLL Lifecare as part of its corporate social responsibility activities.The centre situated inside the hospital campus aims at providing a source of living for the inmates who have completed their treatment at the hospital. The idea is to bring them to the mainstream of the society by involving them in various jobs. About 25 inmates of the hospital will now be involved in condom making process. The inmates of the hospital who are cured through treatment are often neglected by their family and hence they are left abandoned.The new initiative of HLL is intended to provide them with a source of living. The centre was inaugurated by social activist and writer Sugathakumari in the presence of HLL Lifecare chairman and managing director M Ayyappan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "None", "code": "14685770", "title": "Mammootty honoured with the Padma Shri", "text": "Mammootty was the first Malayali actor to be honoured with the Padma Shri for his contribution towards Indian cinema.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "17424221", "title": "Assembly's winter session begins, 6 Bills introduced", "text": "PATNA: The weeklong winter session of the state assembly began here on Thursday and six different Bills were tabled in the House on the day for debate and passage. These Bills are the third Bihar Viniyog Vidheyak, 2012, Bihar Aakasmik Nidhi (Sanshodhan) Bill, 2012, Bihar Moolyavardhit Kar (Sanshodhan) Vidheyak, 2012, Bihar Bhoomi Dakhil-Kharij (Sanshodhan) Vidheyak, 2012, Bihar Lok Bhoomi Atikraman (Sanshodhan) Vidheyak, 2012, and Bihar Bhoomi Vivad Nirakaran (Sanshodhan) Vidheyak, 2012.The session began on a high note, with Speaker Uday Narayan Choudhary informing the House members about the visits of the delegations of Pakistan Senate and National Assembly as well as of Maharashtra journalists to the state in August and October, respectively.Choudhary also apprised the House of the visit of a Bihar delegation led by CM Nitish Kumar to Pakistan this month. \"The members of the visiting Pakistan delegation were impressed by what they saw and also by our hospitality. Similarly, the Maharashtra delegation of journalists chose to visit Bihar even as they had invitations from four states, in all. All this is a reflection of the high esteem in which Bihar is held both within the country and abroad,\" he said.The House also made obituary references to former governor and minister Kailashpati Mishra, Ram Sewak Hazari, Shakil Ahmad Khan, Ram Chandra Yadav, Chandreshwar Prasad, Murlidhar Mandal, Premlata Rai, Aditya Singh and Mangal Singh Lamaye, who died during the intervening period after the monsoon session of the House. Both CM Nitish Kumar and deputy CM Sushil Kumar Modi were present.After passing obituary references, the House was adjourned for the day, and would meet again on Friday. As per the schedule, the winter session would end on December 5.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "greater noida", "code": "17424168", "title": "NPCL not to collect power surcharge hike", "text": "GREATER NOIDA: The Noida Power Company Limited (NPCL) has agreed not to collect 8% regulatory surcharge on bills till a final decision on the matter is taken by Uttar Pradesh Electricity Regulatory Commission (UPERC). The decision was taken on Thursday after residents staged yet another protest. Apart from various RWAs and the Greater Noida chapter of Indian Industries Association, the traders' association of Jagat Farm also joined the protests on Thursday.Discom officials said they have told the regulatory commission about the consumers' opposition to the hike and sent the memorandum of demands submitted by consumers to UPERC. \"For the time being, there would be no disconnections if bills are paid without the additional surcharge,\" said Samarjeet Mohanty, deputy manager of NPCL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "17421175", "title": "Tihar inmate complains of bias", "text": "NEW DELHI: A Tihar jail inmate has complained to DG (Prisons), courts and National Human Rights Commission that ten police officers convicted in the 1997 Connaught Place shootout case are given preferential treatment inside the jail. However, Tihar Jail officials have rubbished these allegations, claiming that they were only ensuring the \"safety\" of the prisoners.The inmate has alleged that despite being convicted in the same case, they have been allowed to stay in the same ward and same jail together for six years. Moreover, they are allegedly given other prisoners to perform their menial chores, among other benefits.\"Their jail or wards has not been changed in the last six years and all the co-convicts are living like a gang in Tihar Jail number 1 in ward number 9...jail transfer in normal cases is done at least 2-3 times. Jail number 2 and 5 are jails for convicts, thus, these convicts should have been transferred there,\" the inmate has said in a written complaint.Only 12 convicts stay in the five cells in ward number 9, whereas other wards usually accommodate 300 inmates, he has further stated.Tihar officials have however, defended this by saying that the police officers are allowed to remain together for their safety. \"Any police officer who is put in jail is kept separate from other criminals for their safety. These officers have been involved in several encounters and other inmates could seek revenge from them. This inmate's complaint was disposed off as there was no truth in it,\" said Tihar law officer and spokesperson, Sunil Gupta.The inmate, however, has claimed that other police officers in judicial custody are not kept separately in this manner. The inmate has also alleged that the ex-cops live like \"VIPs\" and are provided with servants (sewadars) from ward number 7 and 10 who prepare food for them, wash their clothes, utensils and clean their wards.The inmate has also alleged that some of these co-convicts were caught by the Tamil State Police in Tihar Jail supplying tobacco but no action was taken against them. The inmate has provided copies of Tihar records showing seizure of 192 packets of tobacco on July 6, 84 packets on July 17 and 30 packets of tobacco on April 4 \u00e2\u20ac\u201d all from ward number 9.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "17422471", "title": "Govt accused of favouring non-Goans", "text": "MARGAO: Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco along with NGO Goynche Niz Mogi (GNM) accused BJP government of discriminating against Goans and favouring non-Goans. Addressing mediapersons on Thursday, Lourenco, along with GNM president James Fernandes, said that Goa is the only state in India where locals are discriminated against by elected leaders.\"The greatest injustice and discrimination heaped on Goans is the favouritism shown to law-breaking migrants, these persons were permitted to capture traditional businesses of Goans and are permitted to construct illegal houses and carry out businesses on encroached land,\" alleged Fernandes. \"We strongly demand that this discrimination against Goans be stopped immediately,\" said Lourenco.GNM further singled out the then MGP government for allegedly committing the greatest injustice to Goans, especially the poor, the SC, ST, OBC and other tribal communities by denying them employment and instead they permitted non-Goans to take up various employment opportunities. \"If Goans are frightened to move around Moti Dongor, Azad Nagar Shanti, Khareabandh, Zuarinagar, Chimbel slums, housing board, parts of Vasco and harbour, Khorlim hill at Mapusa, certain shanties in Panaji, Mapusa and Ponda, it is because anti-social migrants have the blessings of the local MLAs, councillors and the panch members,\" said Fernandes. tnn", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-11-30"}
