{"city": "jr. ntr birthday", "code": "13300201", "title": "Happy Birthday Jr. NTR", "text": "Jr. NTR Birthday: It's celebration time for the Nandamuri fans as their hero NTR celebrates his birthday on May 20, 2012. Sources indicate that NTR will celebrate his birthday with wife Lakshmi Praneetha, parents and select guests at a private event that is touted to be a low-key affair.Tarak, who has seen several ups and downs in his 11 year-old film career, remains one of the most cherished personalities and one of the biggest draws in the Telugu cinema industry. Being the grandson of legendary actor NT Rama Rao is not an easy proposition but the young tiger has managed to carry that legacy with great determination and impressive acting competence.NTR's recent release 'Dammu' opened to a great response from his fans and critics. He is also the brand ambassador for brands like Malabar Gold, Navratna, and Zandu Balm in Andhra Pradesh. So let's hope Tarak continues to entertain people with his talent. Join hands with Times of India to wish Jr. NTR a very happy birthday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13282156", "title": "No headway in Velim murder case", "text": "MARGAO: A week after the murder of 65-year old Linda Andrade from Velim, the Cuncolim police are yet to make any headway in the case. The police maintain that they have some leads. Andrade was found dead at her residence on May 11 . Though her legs were tied and a nylon rope had been found near the bed, she was not found naked, as was inadvertently reported earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13292342", "title": "'Story Kathe' audio launched", "text": "The audio of upcoming Kannada flick Story Kathe was officially launched in Bangalore. The event was held ay the Green House. Story Kathe is a thriller directed and produced by Jagadeesha K R (Nirvaana Films). There are four songs in the album for which Santhosh Nayak has penned the lyrics. The music has been composed by Raghu Dixit's brother Vasu Dixit and Sathish Babu, while singers Anuradha Bhat , Vasu Dixith, Santhosh , Harsha, AkankshaBadami , Apoorva Sridhar and DJ Saheer Rehman have lent their vocals for the songs. Story Kathe stars Tilak Shekhar, Prathap Narayan, Parvathy Nair, Neha Patil and Keerthi Raj and is slated for a release in June. The film's post production work too is done and all set to before the censor board soon.The film has been shot in the city of opportunities, Bangalore. The story follows two men in pursuit of their dreams and their encounter with life which has loads of uncalled surprises and challenges for them. This is a unique attempt by a team of youngsters. It remains to be seen if this youth connect can work magic for the film's success.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13281781", "title": "Goons who fleece money from businessmen arrested", "text": "KOCHI: In a major crackdown on goons operating in the city, city police on Friday arrested three members of a gang who threaten businessmen and fleece money.The arrested were Riyas Rehman (35) of Panampilly Nagar, Siyad (40) of SRM Road, and Sayeed Muhammed (49) of Karippalam, Mattancherry.The accused were nabbed by a police team led by central assistant commissioner Sunil Jacob, circle inspector D S Suneesh Babu and sub-inspector A Ananthalal.The activities of the gang came to light when Aravind R Ajay, a businessman who runs an interior decoration consultancy in Kochi, approached the Central Police Station seeking protection from the gang.According to the police, the accused approached the complainant asking him to take up the contract for interior decoration works of an office they were setting up in the city.After several rounds of discussions, Aravind agreed to take up the work and bought materials costing nearly Rs 7.5 lakh for the work. After the materials were shifted to the work site, the accused sold them to some other person without informing Aravind.When he protested and demanded money for the materials he had bought, the accused asked him to go to a house near Kannadikaddu where he was threatened by Riyas in the company of another goon, Vettil Suresh. They told him they would kill him if he demanded his money back.Police said the accused had similarly threatened various businessmen and raised around Rs 1.5 crore.\"We are on the lookout for Vettil Suresh. We also suspect the involvement of other members of the gang. A detailed probe is on to nab them,\" police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13282179", "title": "Whitefield flats reap high rents in Bangalore", "text": "BANGALORE: Tony areas of Gurgaon, Mumbai and Pune have seen high rental value appreciation for apartments for the January-March quarter this year. Bangalore came a distant ninth with Whitefield recording a 16.66% jump in apartment rentals in the same period.MagicBricks.com, in its PropIndex anniversary edition, said Gurgaon's Golf Course Extension Road grew a whopping 40% with average (apartment) rentals at Rs 15.50 per sqft in the quarter compared to the same period last year. The hotspots in Mumbai and Pune are Kanjur Marg West and Viman Nagar, respectively.Bangalore's Whitefield continued to be a priority destination for corporate clients. The micro-market absorbed 180,000 sqft in the quarter with a dip in vacancy rates. Suburb Yelahanka recorded a 15.78% rental appreciation with North Bangalore absorbing 100,000 sqft of office space in the period.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281077", "title": "Railways to run special train for urs", "text": "LUCKNOW: In a bid to accommodate the rush of passengers during 'urs', Railways will run a special train, Barauni-Ajmer-Barauni, via Chhapra and Balia. Train number 05285 will depart from Barauni on May 23 at 7.00 am and reach Ajmer at 6.50 p.m. the second day. In the return direction, train number 05286 will depart from Ajmer on May 30. The train will have stoppages at Samastipur, Muzaffarpur, Hajipur, Sonpur, Shahganj, Faizabad, Barabanki, Lucknow, Kanpur, Etawah, Tundla, Agra Fort, Bayana, Sawai Madhosingh, Jaipur, Madar and Ajmer. The train will pass through Ballia, Phaphna, Rasra, Indara, Mau, Mohamdabad, Azamgarh and Saraimeer. The train will have six general coaches, nine sleeper coaches, one 3AC and two SLR coaches.On the other hand, in order to clear extra rush of passengers, Railways will provide additional coaches in nine mail/express trains, on different days and from different stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13300733", "title": "ICSE, ISC results declared; girls outperform boys", "text": "NEW DELHI: Girls have once again outperformed boys in this year's ICSE Class-X and ISC Class-VII examinations, the results for which were announced today.In all, 99.15 per cent girls and 98.19 per cent boys passed the Indian Certificate for Secondary Education (ICSE) exam, while 98.35 per cent girls and 96.36 per cent boys passed the Indian School Certificate (ISC) examination.Madhavi Singh of Carmel School in Dhanbad and Shalaka Kulkarni of Sulochana Devi Singhania School in Thane jointly topped the Class 10 exam, scoring 98.80 per cent marks.Similarly, Rohan Sampat of Dubai Model High School stood first in Class 12 exams, scoring 99.50 per cent marks.This year, 1,32,282 students appeared in the Class 10th exam, while 59,356 candidates appeared in Class 12th exam.Click here to see results.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13277329", "title": "Justice for Kshama: Candlelight vigils across nation", "text": "GURGAON: Friends and relatives of Shailesh Shetye, the husband of Kshama Chopra Shetye, who died on May 5 after a speeding BMW rammed the Indigo car in which she was travelling, will hold a candlelight vigil at Goa's Miramar beach on Saturday evening. Shailesh is a native of Goa and an alumnus of Goa College of Engineering.\"Around 500-600 people, mostly college alumni, are expected to gather at a circle near the beach and light candles,\" said Neel Azavedo, an organizer of the vigil.One of Shailesh's friends said the vigil was part of the Facebook campaign, \"Justice for Kshama Chopra and Shailesh Shetye\", for fast action and a fair trial in the deaths of the pregnant Kshama and Sanjay Gulati, the driver of the Indigo car.Plans are afoot to hold a similar vigil at the college next month. Many people held a candle march with hundreds of supporters in Jammu, demanding a CBI probe into the matter. \"We demand justice for Sanjay Gulati and Kshama Chopra Shetye, victims of the the BMW hit-and-run case,\" Vaneeta Gulati, wife of Sanjay Gulati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13292560", "title": "Nani, Amala Paul team up with Samudrakhani", "text": "The latest buzz is that hero Nani is gearing up to work with director Samudrakhani. Sources close to the actor say that the film is a bilingual (Telugu and Tamil) in which Nani might play a dual role for the first time.Production sources indicate that Amala Paul is being considered to be paired up with Nani. Samudrakhani, who earlier directed \"Shambo Shiva Shambo\", is now busy putting final touches to the script and the shooting is likely to start in the month of July.G V Prakash Kumar has been roped in to lend the soundtrack. While Nani is the male lead for the Telugu version, Jayam Ravi would essay the similar role for the Tamil version. Nani is currently busy with the shooting for \"Yeto Velli Poyindhi Manasu\" directed by Gautham Menon . He is also awaiting the release of his bilingual film \"Eega\" (\"Naan Ee\" in Tamil) on May 30.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277715", "title": "Land allotment: HC notice to govt, Chirayu society", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh High Court on Friday issued notices to six state government departments, Medical Council of India (MCI) and a charitable society on a petition challenging allotment of 32 acres of land-which the petitioners contended was an integral part of the famous upper lake of Bhopal-for the construction of a private medical college and hospital.A division bench, comprising Justice Rakesh Saxena and Justice S C Sinha, issued notices returnable within four weeks on a PIL filed by an NGO 'Parishram Samaj Evam Kalayan Samiti', challenging the alleged large scale irregularities in allotment of land by the revenue department to Chirayu charitable society for the construction of Chirayu Medical College and Hospital.Petitioner's counsel Siddharth R Gupta told TOI over telephone from Jabalpur that he had contended before the Court that the land had been allotted without land use change procedure as required under the law. Later, land use change was effected after five months of allotment of land-overlooking the provisions regarding lake conservation, he said. From the documents annexed in the PIL, Gupta pointed that resultantly the allotted land having dense green plantation of more than 5000 trees got devastated of its natural features during construction of their college campus.In the PIL, the petitioners also challenged change of the land use of allotted land to \"semipublic purpose\" by the housing and environment department, alleging that the land in question was allotted without any advertisement. Besides, the PIL also claimed that the land in question was part of the \"submergence zone and full tank level\" of upper lake and it was also a part of notified wetland under internationally approved Ramsar convention of 1997.The petitioners submitted that the land which is an integral part of upper lake, has been leased out for permanent constructions against the Bhopal Master Plan, 2005 which prohibits any kind of human activity in the full tank levels.The PIL also sought an interim relief of restraining the Medical Council of India (MCI) from granting any further approvals or giving admissions to the students of next batch but the high court deferred a decision after issuance of notices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300505", "title": "Cate Blanchett to star in adaptation of lesbian drama 'Carol'", "text": "Cate Blanchett and Mia Wasikowska are to set to romance each other in a film version of Patricia Highsmith's lesbian classic 'Carol', adapted by Phyllis Nagy and directed by John Crowley .The novel, first published in 1952 under a pseudonym, was considered scandalous because rather than being a fable of sorts that condemned its lesbian lovers to scorn and tragedy, 'The Price of Salt' took the risk of a happy, gay ending.\"We've come a long way since Dirk Bogarde starred in Victim,\" the Guardian quoted Elizabeth Karlsen, the film's producer, as saying.\"We've had Brokeback Mountain , A Single Man, Far From Heaven - and President Obama came out in support of gay marriage,\" Karlsen said.Blanchett, who has recently been starring in Botho Strauss's play 'Big and Small' at the Barbican theatre in London , was Crowley's first choice for the title role, according to Karlsen.\"She's got the chops and she's got the physical beauty for the part,\" she said.\"It's a cliche to say this but roles for women like this don't come along very often,\" she said.Fellow Australian Wasikowska played the lead role in Tim Burton's 'Alice in Wonderland' and appeared in Lisa Cholodenko's 'The Kids are All Right'.Aside from the central love story, inspired by an incident in Highsmith's life when she became briefly obsessed by a woman she spotted in a store, the story is suffused with the noir elements of her detective fiction, which includes the Ripley stories and Detectives on a Train.\"What's interesting about it is that the prose is very Highsmith - you feel like Tom Ripley is going to appear round the corner - but it's a heartbreaking, wonderful story that has you on the edge of your seat,\" Karlsen added.The film, supported by Film4, begins shooting in February.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gaya", "code": "13281368", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012 results: 13 Patwatoli boys from Gaya crack the examination", "text": "GAYA: With 13 of its boys coming out successful in this year's IIT-JEE, an all-time high figure, the demand to rename Patwatoli, the once nondescript virtual slum on the northeastern skirts of the Gaya Municipal Corporation (GMC) area, as Abhiyanta Vihar has got louder.The boys, who cracked the examination, the results of which were released on Friday morning, are: Binod Kumar, Khemchand Prasad, Shiv Kumar, Sheo Nath Prasad, Amit Kumar, Ranjeet Kumar, Aniket Kumar, Dipak Kumar, Shashi Kumar, Nirbhay Kumar, Sujit Kumar, Rahul Raj and Gopichand. Binod Kumar, ranked 189 in the OBC category, tops in the Patwatoli roll of honours this year.According to Patwatoli community leader Prem Kumar, he was happy that the boys have carried forward the mission of Jitendra Kumar, the first IITian from the community. Kumar, who cracked the IIT test in 1991, now works in the US.The demand to rename Patwatoli as Abhiyanta Vihar was first made by municipal corporator Lalji Prasad a few years back. The more than 300 engineering graduates, including about 50 IITians, make Patwatoli the real abode of engineers, said activist Motibhai while reiterating the demand for name change. Three hundred engineering graduates in a small and educationally backward community of job-starved weavers is certainly no joke. In any case, with power available for only about four hours a day to the weavers looms, Patwatoli is already a misnomer.Going down the memory lane, an emotional community elder recalled that there was a seven-year-long IIT drought in Patwatoli, as after Jitendra nobody could make it to the IIT from the community till 1998. But since then, the boys have not looked back. In 1998, three Patwatoli boys made it to the IIT. The next year, there was a quantum jump in success rate as seven Patwatoli boys cracked the examination.Prior to this year's success rate, 2005 was the best year for the success weavers of Patwatoli. That year, eight boys of this locality joined the elite technical club. Seven Patwatoli boys registered success in each of the years 1999, 2004 and 2010.Prem Kumar said Patwatoli boys have converted challenge into opportunities and showed how group study and mutual help can do wonders in the most adverse of circumstances. The dying weaving industry motivated these committed youths to look for greener pastures. Instead of complaining against an indifferent government, changing market dynamics, operation of the law of decreasing returns and acute power shortage that nearly put the last nail in the 'weaving coffin', the boys were inspired to make it big.Besides the Patwatoli boys, super cop Abhyanand's Magadh Super-30 and its splinter organization, the Lord Vishnu Super-30, with four success each, have also kept the flag of Gaya flying high in IIT-JEE 2012. Mohit Sharan Sinha, a differently-abled IIT aspirant coached at Magadh Super-30, ranks 97th in the physically challenged category.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13291013", "title": "Rasaleela to be remade in Mollywood", "text": "After announcing the remake of Vidya Balan's 'The Dirty Picture', Malayalam film industry has now announced the remake of veteran actor Kamal Haasan's 'Rasaleela'.The character of Kamal Haasan and Jayasudha in the movie which won many youth hearts will now be portrayed by Dharshan and Pratishta. Majeed Marangery is the director of the movie. The film is remade after 36 years. Anoop Menon, Kalasala Babu,Urmilla unni are the other stars in the movie.Now what magic will this jodi be able to produce on the screen is worth waiting for !Source: kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13279082", "title": "Former state minister Babasaheb Kedar still critical", "text": "NAGPUR: Former state minister Babasaheb Kedar continues to be critically ill. According to a press release issued by Orange City Hospital &amp; Research Institute, he is suffering from multiple problems like diffuse atherosclerotic disease, hypertension, diabetes , diabetic nephropathy, COAD, severe Parkinsonism and fungal oesophagitis.He was admitted on April 26 with Right leg Ischemia (decreased blood supply) for which an emergency angiography was done and the clot was dissolved with medicine. The team of expert doctors, including Rajesh Atal, Nikhil Balankhe, Jay Deshmukh, SJ Acharya, Rajesh Mudhada, Atul Rewatkar, Darshan Rewanwar, Nandu Kolwadkar, Sanjiv Bais, Tarpan Badole, Pyush Bawane and Tushar Yelne, Sameer Shahane and Pompy Sharma, are taking care of him and have said that his condition is still critical.Currently he is admitted in the critical care unit and is on life blood pressure support systems and maintenance haemodialysis. Senior physician S Suryawanshi, Nephrologist Sameer Choube, Intensivist Vaishali Solao, orthopedician Sanjiv Choudhary, ENT surgeon Sanjay Ugemughe and cardiologist Prashant Jagtap are also regularly keeping track on his status.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278676", "title": "Nagpur IIT rankings slip, but more candidates qualify", "text": "NAGPUR: The IIT-JEE results declared on Friday gave Nagpurians both a reason to smile and be disappointed. While the overall number of students qualifying for the exam has gone up, the rankings have slid drastically. This year, city topper Kartik Tidke scored All India Rank (AIR) of 277 followed by Ojas Deshpande at AIR 775 and Priyancy Jain at AIR 829.Nagpur's performance last year at IIT-JEE was one of the best with the top three students scoring AIRs of 94, 112 and 141. The city rankings have slipped by almost 200% compared to last year.Nisha Kothari, from whose coaching centre the runners up came, said, \"Quantity has come to the fore while quality has taken a back seat. So many coaching classes have cropped up in the city and too many promises are being made which can certainly not be kept. Parents too get confused and expectations are also very high from students who then come under pressure.\"However, the brighter side for is that 350 students from city have qualified for the IIT-JEE this year. Last year 205 students from Nagpur cleared the prestigious exam showing a 70% increase this year.Dilip Vaidya, academic director of a city coaching centre, said, \"The result which we have produced was expected. Nagpur had talent to produce students in the top hundred but apparently over-confidence has outplayed talent and this should be an eye opener for both students and mentors.\"The central government has proposed a new exam to replace the IIT-JEE but its fate still hangs in balance with a final meeting scheduled for May 28.Number GameTotal candidates appeared from Nagpur 5057Total candidates qualified 350Qualified in general merit list 213Qualified in OBC category 20Qualified in Physically Disabled 2Qualified in Schedule Caste 104Qualified in Scheduled Tribe 11", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293356", "title": "Rihanna goes topless for Esquire mag photoshoot", "text": "Rihanna shows off her sultry side as she bares all in a hotly anticipated spread for Britain's Esquire magazine.Protecting her modesty by wrapping one arm around her chest, the singer wears just a pair of jeans and a fez hat in the shots, taken by Melissa Forde.The shots were clicked when the singer was in the UK in February.In another shot, Rihanna wears a sexy bondage-style all-in-one, flicking her blonde hair as she shows off her curves.And it seems as though the We Found Love singer had a good time on the east London set of the shoot, as she is seen giggling and laughing while wrapped up in a patterned top in between takes.The stunning photographs of Rihanna, taken from the upcoming July edition of the magazine, come as the singer has been linked to New York Knicks star J.R. Smith , after the pair were apparently spotting kissing at Veranda nightclub in New York earlier this month.\"They were very flirty in the club all night and holding hands. She was sitting on his lap and was really into him,\" the Daily Mail quoted a source as telling In Touch Weekly magazine.The sportsman is a controversial figure, as in March he was fined 25,000 dollars by the National Basketball Association ( NBA ) after tweeting a photo wearing just a thong in his bed.\"He is the team's most controversial player, so it's no wonder that Rihanna likes him,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281102", "title": "Tension grips Old City after two groups clash", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least two SUVs were damaged and half a dozen persons injured when supporters of Shia cleric Maulana Kalbe Jawwad clashed with a group of youths who were accusing the cleric of usurping Shia Waqf Board land. The clash took place outside the Bara Imambara in the Old City shortly after the Friday prayers. The incident led to a chaos as Jawwad supporters blocked the road for almost an hour demanding immediate arrest of the accused.The tension was defused after senior police officers reached the site and assured the protesting supporters of the Shia cleric prompt and severe action against the accused.The issue originates from accusations levelled by a group of Shia locals that Maulana Kalbe Jawwad had grabbed Shia Waqf Board land worth several crore rupees in different parts of the OId City. Earlier, Maulana Jawwad had also levelled similar allegations against the accused group. While Maulana Jawwad had offered to get his assets investigated by any agency, he also demanded a thorough probe into the assets of his detractors as well. The other group had challenged the cleric for the same. Allegations and counter allegations have been regular exchanges between the two sides since a couple of years.The Friday afternoon trouble began when Maulana Jawwad's supporters started leaving the Bara Imambara after offering the Namaz only to be confronted by an agitated group of youths in a white SUV allegedly raising slogans against the cleric accusing him of land grabbing. When supporters of Jawwad confronted them, a free for all ensued.The angry mob damaged two SUVs, one of which belonged to the rival group which had already fled the scene by then. While police lodged an FIR on the complaint of the cleric's supporters, a written complaint was also submitted with the local police against the supporters of the cleric. A formal FIR on this complaint was awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282256", "title": "Absence of donors, stock leaves rare blood group owners at a risk", "text": "COIMBATORE: When S Sasikala , 21, a resident of Nellichettypalayam village in Annur, Coimbatore was taken to the labour room at Coimbatore Medical College and Hospital a month ago, she faced a crisis that few women come across. Doctors needed Bombay O positive blood to save the mother and the child in her womb.Bombay blood, named so because it was discovered first in Bombay in 1952, is a rare blood group that's found one in 9,000 people. For Sasikala's family, it was a nightmare as few donors were available in the city and the blood banks were without stock. Finally, doctors found that Sasikala's brother, K Ranganathan, shared her blood group and that save the lives of the mother and the baby.\"When we got to know that it was rarest blood group it came as a big surprise for us as we were of the impression that our blood group was O positive,\" said Sasikala. \"I never knew that my blood group could be Bombay O positive. I always thought my blood group was O positive,\" said Ranganathan. He said the government must ensure that proper blood test with the latest technology is made available at all hospitals and the rare groups are stored to help the needy people.So, Ranganathan has decided to create awareness about the blood group in his village and encourage many more to donate after properly testing their blood group.So far at least seven people who came to government hospital in Coimbatore have been identified with Bombay blood, said Dr A Managaiyarkarasi, head, Blood bank, CMCH. However, only two of them are healthy to donate the blood. But they too are unavailable at times, she said.Bombay blood group cannot be detected in a normal way and it requires the use of anti H Leptin while testing or Gel Column technology. In many cases, the normal test concludes that the tested group is O positive. She said a new born baby was also recently identified at the government hospital with the blood group and many more people are being identified in Salem and Erode.However, not many people come forward to donate blood fearing social stigma and other problems, said K Anandatheerthan, coordinator, Swami Vivekananda Blood Donors' Association. \"People generally fear that no one would marry into their house if the society comes to know. There are others who find it difficult due to the constant demand from various people for the blood. They fear that giving away blood would harm them,\" he said.The need of the hour is to create awareness about the blood group and the government must establish in a proper system to collect rare blood groups. Places that have more people with rare blood groups should be identified and necessary arrangements made to collect and store the blood, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280526", "title": "US mother in Ahmedabad to take baby home", "text": "AHMEDABAD: There is finally some good news for the baby who was delivered prematurely by surrogate Premila Vaghela just before her death due to complications. The biological mother of the baby arrived from the US on Friday morning to be with the baby.The mother conveyed that she was jetlagged and under mental duress. She said that she was also concerned about Premila's death and her family. She conveyed that she would meet the media soon.The child was delivered premature at a mere 1.5 kg and was under severe medical distress following an emergency delivery. Premila, in whose womb the child had grown for eight-odd months, had developed sudden convulsions and her condition had become critical. She died after the birth of the child, leaving her two sons motherless.Dr Manish Banker of Pulse IVI Women's Hospital said that the biological mother was understandably shaken by the death of the surrogate and related media publicity and wanted to keep her visit to get her child back home private. She said that US embassy officials should also be involved in expediting the immigration work.Meanwhile, the US mommy will have to be in the city for at least 10 days till the birth formalities are completed and the child is more stable. \"Currently, the baby is stable and is doing fine,\" doctors said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277828", "title": "PIL on Lokayukta to come up before another bench of Madhya Pradesh high court", "text": "BHOPAL: Madhya Pradesh high court on Friday adjourned to list before another bench a public interest litigation (PIL) challenging the appointment of Justice P P Naolekar as the Lokayukta of the state.As the PIL came up for its first hearing, the bench of justice R S Jha and Justice Alok Aardhe adjourned the case for listing it before another bench after summer vacation, petitioner's counsel Raghevendra Dubey said. The PIL was filed by RTI activist Ajay Dubey.The petitioner had arrayed the state government, Lokayukta, Governor's office, High court's registrar general, leader of the opposition and chief minister as respondents in the petition challenging the appointment process and the resultant appointment of justice P P Naoelkar as the Lokayukta in June 2009. The petitioner had initially approached the Supreme Court which however asked him to approach the high court first.Pointing out that the entire appointment process was carried out in utmost haste; the petition said the government, in the process, not only by-passed the cabinet but also ignored the essentials of the provisions of Lokayukta Act. In fact, the actual decision of appointment of Lokayukta was finalized barely within a period of 24 hours of June 25, 2009. This file of appointment cleared 6 tables in one day, an unusual phenomenon in government decision making process, simply for ensuring appointment of Justice P.P. Naolekar before June 30, 2009, when the new Governor Rameshwar Thakur took oath of office of Governor, the petition said.\"So much was the haste that the gazette notification appointing the Lokayukta was issued and the oath was administered on the same day, which happened to be the last day of tenure of then Governor Balram Jakhar \", the petition said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278295", "title": "A name signifies a lot to parents of newborns", "text": "INDORE: There is more in a name - It appears true for the newly-wed couples who toil hard to find a new name for their child. More and more young parents now want a name that is unique for their child. The common names like Gaurav, Amit, Rahul, Rohit, Mohit, Aditya, Aakanksha, Neha, Aditi, Preeti and Pooja have given way to trendy names like Alisah, Prioska, Aliyah, Natalia, Rachel, Nysa, Adam, Diva, Renae, Alina, Sarah and like.Earlier, it was only the celebrities who were giving their babies unusual names, but now it has become common. Parents are now choosing less common names for kids that suggest uniqueness and individualism.Parul Verma, a modern mother, says, \"My daughter's name is Laisha, a Latin name meaning 'beautiful angel'. I wanted my baby to have a unique name and searched for many names on the internet and finally zeroed on this name. The website, from where I found the name, also showed that only 17 girls out of 1 lakh girls are named Laisha.\"Mili Jain, a businesswoman, who named her four year old son Joie says, \"It means a Kangaroo baby. We wanted a different name and liked the meaning of Joie and that is why we decided this for him. It is unique and has a beautiful meaning.\" Sayeed Afsal Hussain, a professional, says, \"We shortlisted many names after surfing the net and finally chose Riza for our newly born daughter.Riza means happiness and we thought it fit to name her so as she brought happiness in our lives.\"Ritesh and Arzoo Sawhney, the soon-to-be parents, have started searching names for their baby already. \"We have decided on some names for our baby. If it's a boy, we plan to name him Ahren and Arika or Arisha in case the baby turns to be a girl\".Not only the unusual names, but name change and name alteration is also fast catching up among people. With their belief in numerology gaining strength more and more people are now using an extra 'a' or 'e' in their name spellings hoping that it can bring them good fortune.Rajeev Prakash Agrawal, a numerologist says, \"People come to us for choosing names and change in spellings using numerology which can bring luck to them and their child.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282992", "title": "Sarpanch beaten to death in Jodhpur", "text": "JAIPUR: Jodhpur's Keru village turned violent when the local sarpanch was beaten to death by a group of people while he was taking a morning walk on Friday. Supporters of the sarpanch set ablaze four houses, belonging to persons accused in the killing, and at least half a dozen vehicles.Police said it has come up during investigation that the sarpanch had got an encroachment removed from a land near Keru Chowk. In retaliation, he was murdered. Police have rounded up one suspect while search for the others is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279462", "title": "\u2018Illegal\u2019 hospitals may fail to meet insurance needs", "text": "MUMBAI: With big private hospitals and over 2,000 nursing homes becoming 'illegal' overnight, consumers in the city are facing the medical insurance heat yet again. Experts say the problem of rejection of claims can last for months till the civic body and medical establishments iron out their differences.The civic body on March made it mandatory for these institutes to meet the fire safety norms by adding it to the list of requirements for renewing registrations. But most hospitals and nursing homes failed to comply with the stringent requirements in a limited time due to which most of them are functioning without a valid registration since the beginning of April.Andheri resident Ruchi Irani (60) is one of the first victims of this legal ambiguity. Her insurance claim was rejected last week on the ground that she sought treatment in a nursing home that did not have a valid registration certificate. \"I had suffered from food poisoning and got hospitalized for three days. The bill amount came to around Rs 14,000, and I submitted it to the insurance company with all necessary documents,\" she said. \"They rejected my claim saying that I sought treatment in an unregistered hospital. For no fault of mine, I was denied the reimbursement,\" she said.The nursing home owner told TOI that it has had a valid registration for the past 25 years but he did not get a fresh registration as the fire safety requirements were \"ambiguous and impractical\". Former president of Association of Medical Consultants (AMC) Dr Niranjan Agarwal said that as of today, over 20,000 hospitals beds in Mumbai and Thane are 'illegal'. \"The issue is multi-faced. The civic body has made it mandatory for us to follow norms without first putting the norms in place,\" said Agarwal.He said that while some standard norms exist for standalone hospitals and nursing homes, there are none for nursing homes in housing societies. \"Suddenly, we are expected to follow the same protocol as big hospitals. We are expected to fulfil fire safety norms for entire building even if a nursing home may be occupying just one or two floors,\" he said. Agarwal said that the insurance companies have been using it as an excuse to reject claims lately.A senior official from BMC's fire department said that the state's fire services department is already in the process of framing the safety requirements. \"But, it will take some time. As for bigger hospitals, most of them anyway do not bother to renew their registrations annually,\" the officer said.Medical superintendent of Nanavati Ashok Hatolkar said the hospital recently got its registration renewed after fulfilling the norms. \"But requirements like individual water tanks, sprinklers, alarms, separate entry and exit are difficult for smaller establishments to meet,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280412", "title": "Shankar\u2019s family says politicians have forgotten how to value arts", "text": "NEW DELHI: A week after MPs raised a furore over an Ambedkar cartoon drawn by Shankar in an NCERT textbook, the legendary cartoonist's family members lashed out at politicians for creating a controversy at the expense of real issues.Speaking to TOI, Shankar's daughter-in-law Alaka said, \"This is ridiculous. The people making the cartoon a controversy have forgotten how to value the arts.\"Referring to Shankar's work, she said, \"He lampooned without malice. He had a great sense of humour.\"Did he get adverse reactions from his subjects? \"Sometimes, but nobody scared him.\" Shankar's son Ravi also expressed disappointment at the turn of events.There were many national leaders who really liked to see themselves in the cartoons published in 'Shankar's Weekly', Alaka said. According to her, Pandit Jawaharlal Nehru had become an admirer of Shankar even in the 1930s.In a biography of Shankar written by Alaka, she said a decade before India became free, Nehru had noted, \"We are apt to grow pompous and self-centred, and it is good to have the veil of our conceit torn occasionally. I hope Shankar will long continue to enlighten and amuse us.\"She added, \"Such was Shankar's close rapport with both Nehru and his daughter Indira Gandhi that on Nehru's 60th birthday, Indira visited the Shankar's Weekly office and selected the originals of about 20 cartoons on Panditji, had them mounted and gave them to her father as a birthday gift.\"Dr S Radhakrishnan, well known educationist and a former president, once patted Shankar on the back and said, \" Well done\" even though Shankar had tweaked his ears in his cartoon, recalled Alaka.How would Shankar have reacted to this brouhaha? Alaka has the last word, \"I think Panditji and Ambedkarji would have been laughing their heads off.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280855", "title": "Chennai low on comfort due to humidity levels", "text": "CHENNAI: Life in Chennai this summer has been more uncomfortable compared to other southern cities because of the high humidity.Temperature in the city crossed the 40-degree Celsius mark twice in the last week. In Hyderabad, in the same period, it stayed above the 40-degree mark on all except one day, but people say the weather in that city was more bearable. \"In Chennai, because one sweats a lot, one feels more uncomfortable during the day,\" said V K U Udayavel who has lived in both cities.However, night temperatures have dipped in Chennai with the sea breeze setting in. The temperature here can come down by as much as 10 degrees Celsius, said Met department officials. \"If the sea breeze sets in early, the nights are much cooler,\" said deputy director general of the India Meteorological Department, Y E A Raj.Among the five southern cities of Hyderabad, Chennai, Bangalore, Kochi and Coimbatore, Hyderabad and Chennai have recorded the maximum temperatures during the week from May 11 to 17. Next comes the textile city of Coimbatore, where the maximum temperature has hovered around the 35-degree Celsius mark, although residents there said it was not as hot as the numbers suggested. \"It is quite windy here and with the south-west monsoon expected soon, it is bearable. The nights are actually a bit chilly,\" said Soundaraya Rajan, a resident of Coimbatore.Kochi, which is close to the Western Ghats and is located on the windward side of the south-west winds, was among the coolest in the same period. The maximum temperature there has not crossed 33 degrees in the last one week.But Bangalore had the best weather. Rains have cooled the city and maximum temperatures were around 32 degrees C last week. \"The mornings remained slightly chill\", said Aneesha Bangera, a resident of the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13283172", "title": "Dibrugarh University to install CCTV cameras in exam halls", "text": "GUWAHATI: To keep a strict vigil on the students in the examination hall, the authorities of the Dibrugarh University, conducting the Combined Entrance Examination (CEE) for medical and engineering students, has decided to install CCTV cameras in the examination halls.For the first time such a step has been taken to check cheating and unfair means during examination.A senior official of the varsity said, \"The examination will be held in Guwahati, Silchar, Nalbari, Lakhimpur, Tezpur, Nagaon, Jorhat, Dibrugarh and Bongaigaon in 27 venues and for the first time, CCTV has been installed in the exam centres.\"\"Besides that, a video recording would also be done, which would be monitored constantly. This is basically to stop students from resorting to unfair means during examinations,\" he said.\"There have been instances of cheating in earlier examinations. Such instances leave a bad impression on the student's mind and also question the credibility of the exam. So, we will not allow any kind of gadget in the hall this time,\" he added.Students were earlier allowed to carry their mobile phones with them in the examination halls, but now students will not be allowed to carry any kind of electronic gadget in the halls and strict action will be taken against anyone who carries gadgets with them.While new measures are being adopted by the authorities to conduct CEE, there is a possibility that from next session onwards, it will be replaced with National Eligibility Entrance Test (NEET), which would be conducted by the CBSE board. tnnKK Choudhury, regional officer of CBSE said, \"There is a possibility that CEE might be replaced with national eligibility entrance test, but it is not confirmed yet and talks are still on.\"\"These decisions require time and so we are waiting for the exams to pass off smoothly for the time being,\" Choudhury added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278385", "title": "Gangsters in truck crash through barricade, mow down constable", "text": "NEW DELHI: A 42-year-old constable, an ex-serviceman, was run over by a rampaging gang of at least nine men in a mini-truck in the early hours of Friday. The policeman, identified as Naresh Kumar Verma, was trying to stop the vehicle at a police barricade after it was reported that the men inside it were involved in an altercation with some people at a marriage hall, 4.5km away from the spot, near Ashok Vihar in northwest Delhi.The gang had injured three people at the wedding venue by pelting them with stones and then crashed through a police barricade, with two PCR vans on their tail. Their motive could have been robbery, said sources.Till late Friday evening, the police had no clue about the identity of the attackers, though the involvement of at least two gangs of Haryana and Madhya Pradesh is being investigated. A case of murder has been registered at Bharat Nagar police station.According to the police, the incident took place around 2.40am at the Bharat Nagar crossing. Forty minutes earlier, the men had struck at a marriage party being held in J Block of Shakurpur. \"There was an argument between the two sides when a person coming out of the hall was accosted by the gang members. They threw stones at the wedding party and injured one before making a quick exit. A PCR vehicle rushed the injured to a nearby hospital. Fifteen minutes later, hardly had the PCR van left, than the accused returned. They started throwing sharply pointed stones at random once again at the victims standing near the hall, injuring a couple more,'' said an investigating officer.Another call was made to the police and soon two PCR vans were in hot pursuit, in a bid to stop the truck. Quite interestingly, the gang took the less frequented narrow bylanes in a bid to avoid police checkposts. It seemed they had a fair idea where to expect policemen. However, when they approached Wazirpur's JJ Colony and entered Bharat Nagar, they came across a new checkpost near Dhyanchand Sports Complex. With no way out, they smashed through the naka with three policemen raining stones on them.At this critical moment, Naresh, who showed exemplary courage and great presence of mind, called up the naka in-charge of the Bharat Nagar crossing, barely half-a-kilometre from the police station, and asked him to deploy more men there.This is what Shankar (25), the homeguard who was riding pillion on the yellow Bullet bike, had to say: \"We were told of a mini-truck speeding towards us and Naresh decided to lead the mission himself. We were about 250 metres away from the naka when we saw the truck hurtling towards us. When Naresh realized he won't be able to stop it, we tried pulling up parallel to the truck and chasing it. In the process, we moved a couple of inches ahead of the truck from the left side and Naresh tried to bring his bike in front of the truck. The truck hit us and I fell on the left side of the road. He fell on the right and the truck crushed his head, dragging him along. Naresh died on the spot. I hit my head on a stone and do not remember anything more,'' said Shankar who was first rushed to Sunderlal Jain Hospital and later referred to LNJP Hospital.The truck sped towards Sarai Rohilla and had not been traced till late on Friday night. Thre police force has been left wondering how a truck - with no number plates - could flee from the scene.The deceased, Naresh, is a resident of Joria village of Alwar and is survived by his wife, Sunita, a 17-year-old boy and a six-year-old girl, his parents and two brothers. His father, Hansraj, told TOI that Naresh - who was staying at the police station barracks - had visited them last Wednesday and promised to take his wife and children with him to Delhi. \"He said he was missing them,'' said the father. The DCP and ACP of the area took the body with them to Alwar after a postmortem was completed at BJRM Hospital.Naresh joined Delhi Police in 2008 and was posted at Bharat Nagar for the past one year. He was declared the best beat constable some time ago.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278812", "title": "Four houses burgled", "text": "NAGPUR: Thieves gained entry into four neighbouring houses on Thursday night by breaking open the latches of doors at Prince layout in Wathoda. Nandanwan police said the burglary took place when the residents of the four houses were fast asleep.Gold, cash and electronic gadgets worth Rs 50,000 were stolen from Anil Anandwar's house, a sales representative. Burglars also decamped with valuables and salary received by Hemraj Khobragade on Thursday afternoon. From the third house, owned by Suresh Meshram, cash and valuables worth Rs 70,000 were stolen. However, no loss was reported from the fourth house. Cops have registered a case.Wife, mother-in-law booked for abetment of suicideNagpur: More than two weeks after a 29-year-old man committed suicide, Tehsil police have registered a complaint against his wife and mother-in-law. Anchal Khemle, employee of a private firm, had hanged himself to the ceiling hook at his residence on second floor of Khemle Market building near post office in Tehsil on May 2. In his suicide note, Anchal alleged torture by his wife Swati and mother-in-law Nita Khutia. The couple had married a year earlier, and since then Swati had been harassing him. On the complaint lodged by Anchal's brother Anup, Tehsil police have booked an offence of abetment to suicide.Husband, in-laws booked for woman's suicideIn another incident, a husband and in-laws were booked for abetment to the suicide of Sadhana Mishra (24), who had hanged herself at her Sanjay Nagar residence on May 2. Police said husband Javendra and in-laws Saroj and Dwarka would harass and torture Sadhana for dowry. They had demanded a bike and two tola gold from Sadhana. Ambazari police have registered a case.Raid on IPL betting racketNagpur: City crime branch police have arrested 24-year-old Dinesh Choudhary for betting on IPL match between Chennai Super Kings and Kings XI Punjab at his Ashirwad Nagar residence on Thursday evening. Three mobile phones, a television set, betting slip and cash Rs 21,000 were recovered from his possession. Acting on specific information, cops raided Choudhary's residence in the evening. Police said he used to bet through his mobile phone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13285041", "title": "Amarjeet Shahi's bail plea rejected", "text": "KANPUR: The specially constituted SC/ST Act court of Kanpur Nagar on Friday rejected the bail application of deputy SP Amarjeet Shahi, an alleged accused of sexual exploitation of the daughter of a flight instructor.The age certificate of victim issued by the chief medical officer (CMO) proved damaging to accused Shahi as the presiding judge Ramesh Kumar Tripathi observed that fact in his order. The presiding judge in his order observed that medical report of the victim had stated her age to be 17 years and the victim herself in her statement recorded under section 164 CrPC had stated clearly that accused had physically exploited her forcefully. He had also taken some obscene photographs of her and threatened her.He said the accused was retired from the Army and at present a senior police official, and the charges leveled against him were of serious nature, granting him bail would not be justified, hence his bail application was being rejected.Earlier, during the arguments, the prosecution submitted that the present case was registered on complaint of Captain Mahesh Chandra Vidyarthi and it was alleged that accused DSP Amarjeet Shahi had forcefully physically exploited her minor daughter repeatedly at Kanpur and Pratapgarh. He had taken some obscene photograph of victim and was black mailing her..The complainant also stated that when he and his wife had asked the Dy.S.P. to spare their daughter the cop used cast based abuses and threatened of dire consequences. More over to save himself the accused had pressurised the girl to jot down some fake letter.On the other hand defense battery led by Shyam Behari Tiwari urged that accused was introduced with victim on the occasion of republic day and he used to treat her as his daughter and gave gifts. Since the complainant had a doubt that accused had developed illicit relations with his daughter he had lodged a fake F I R which was registered by the Chakeri police under section 363/366/354/504/506/376/328 IPC and 3 (2)5 SC/ST act The complainant had never given any application to any senior official. Victim had never made any complaint .Her father's role was dubious and he used to exploit physically her.The victim herself had written and had passed the same paper to accused. The defense counsel also pointed out the first statement recorded under section 164 CrPC on March 15,2012 and said in that statement she had never said about any sexual exploitation. Accused was a senior police official and was of about 57 years . he was unable to establish physical relationship .Therefore he should be released on bail.Countering the defense plea prosecution pleaded that first statement which was recorded on March 15 was given under pressure therefore she had not stated any thing .While in her second statement recorded on April 12 last she had clearly stated that accused had sexually exploited her repeatedly .Therefore Shahi's bail application should be rejected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "berhampur", "code": "13284853", "title": "Arati Majhi acquitted in bus burning case", "text": "BERHAMPUR: A Paralakhemundi court on Friday acquitted Maoist leader Arati Majhi and six other Red rebels charged with burning a state-run bus at Raipanka in December 29, 2009. Gajapati district and sessions judge B N Mishra acquitted them for lack of evidence, said Upendra Nayak, Majhi's advocate.The other Maoist activists acquitted by the court are Babula Behera Dalai, Bisaya Pradhan, Jaccob Majhi, Manata Majhi, Lasara Majhi and Shyama Majhi. Though they were acquitted, the Maoists will not be freed from jail because other cases are pending against them. Arati (23) has eight cases pending against her, including the burning of four passenger buses and mobile towers at Raipanka. Earlier, the same court had granted her bail in two cases, including the case in which she was acquitted.Arati was arrested from her house in Gajapati's Jadinga village in February 2010. She was languishing in jail since then and currently she is in Berhampur circle jail.Arati's was one of the persons whose release was demanded by the Maoists in exchange of Italian Paolo Bosusco. The government has also agreed to facilitate her release.With the court acquitting her in one case, the defence counsel feels she will be acquitted in other cases too. \"The trial is on and we hope Arati will be freed in all other cases\" Nayak said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13283404", "title": "Akhil Gogoi to go on indefinite fast", "text": "GUWAHATI: Peasant leader Akhil Gogoi will sit on an indefinite hunger strike at Dighalipukhri in the city from Saturday, demanding that the state government stop its crackdown on anti-dam activists in Lakhimpur district.\"Despite my ill health, I have decided to sit on an indefinite hunger strike because security forces have unleashed atrocities on our peaceful and democratic protestors. So far, 27 activists have been detained and our makeshift camp at Ghagor in Lakhimpur district was dismantled by police and CRPF on May 11,\" Akhil said here on Friday.Along with Akhil's hunger strike, activists of nine organisations, including Krishak Mukti Sangram Samiti (KMSS) in Lakhimpur, Nagaon and Sonitpur districts will also prevent movement of construction material for the 2000-MW Lower Subansiri hydro-electric project from Saturday.Akhil claimed that the recent crackdown on the activists was carried out with the motive of facilitating transportation of construction materials to the project site in Arunachal Pradesh.\"We came to know that transportation of construction material will start from Saturday. Our activists in different districts will oppose such a move,\" Akhil claimed.He also alleged that the Lakhimpur district administration has deployed around 300 special police officers to prevent activists from staging any protest. The district administration has, however, denied the allegation.Construction of the Lower Subansiri project has virtually come to halt since December last year following a series of agitations and stopping of transportation of construction material to the project site. Activists had set up makeshift check-gates and camps to stop movement of trucks carrying this material. However, on May 11 in a crackdown, police and CRPF dismantled these camps and detained many of the activists.Akhil said that his decision to launch an indefinite hunger strike was taken in protest against the ongoing \"police high-handedness\" against the anti-dam activists.\"Along with the stopping of police atrocities, all the detained activists must be released. Also, our makeshift camps should be allowed to be set up and construction of the Lower Subansiri project should be stopped till the government-appointed group of ministers' report is made public,\" Akhil said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13284536", "title": "\u2018Lack of nutrition kills women\u2019", "text": "MYSORE: Around 235 million tonne of foodgrains are produced every year but due to lack of storage facilities around 10 to 15% of foodgrains are being spoiled, said former President Abdul Kalam at the Defence Food Research Laboratory (DFRL).He was delivering the golden jubilee oration of DFRL on Friday. Appreciating DFRL's works in the field of food processing and storage, he suggested that DFRL should start post graduation courses in food research. He also advised them to start a food processing park in the city for preservation of local foods and provide a platform for local farmers.Stressing on the problems related to malnutrition, he said, \"Agricultural scientist and food processing scientists should work jointly to produce nutrient foods and crops.\"Expressing his concern over rural areas he said as a result of lack of nutritious food, pregnant women are dying in rural areas. Mortality rate can be controlled if research works conducted by DFRL reaches rural areas.By 2020, India can become the number one country in all sectors, if it excels in food, education and health industries.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13278409", "title": "Poachers strike: Tiger chopped into 10 pieces in Maharashtra", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Throwing an audacious challenge to the state forest department, the poachers have struck once again, killing a tiger in Chandrapur forest range. The mutilated carcass of a tiger - sans head and paws and chopped into 10 pieces - was recovered in Borda jungle along Chichpalli-Borda road on Friday morning. The poachers' brazen act makes a mockery of the red alert sounded by the state government based on intelligence inputs that tiger poachers from the Baheliya community from Madhya Pradesh were given a contract for poaching 25 tigers in Maharashtra, especially in Vidarbha region.Forest department has declared reward of Rs 1 lakh for anyone providing information about the tiger poachers. Forest department was on high alert since the tiger poaching at Palasgaon range last month. Chandrapur has lost six tigers in the wild this year -- five were been either poached or killed accidentally and the sixth was maimed in an iron jaw trap. The vigil was intensified in the jungles after state government sounded a red alert.Investigators believe that the tiger was electrocuted by poachers at some distant location. Later its carcass severed into 10 pieces must have been brought in a four-wheeler and dumped in compartment no. 520 of Borda jungle.The incident came to light at round 9.30 am when the forest beat guard discovered the mutilated parts of a tiger scattered a few meters off the road.DCF, Chandrapur forest division, P Kalyankumar and RFO, Chandrapur range, Abhay Badkelwar immediately rushed to the spot. Foresters failed traced any sign of poaching in the surroundings and even the sniffer dog was of no help. Foresters cordoned off the area around the carcass. Investigators claimed that it was a full grown male tiger aged over eight years. They discovered a burn mark on one of limbs of the severed carcass which suggested electrocution.\"There is a possibility of electrocution,\" he said Kalyankumar.He confirmed that a Rs 1 lakh reward was announced to those providing information about poaching.\"The tiger was killed at some other place. After removing the head and paws of the tiger, the poachers chopped the carcass into pieces,\" said Badkelwar.He informed they have found signs of dragging of the carcass and the marks of car making U-turn around 20 metres from the spot.The carcass was recovered in three clusters of six, three and one pieces side by side, while the tail was thrown few feet away. The chopped pieces still had skin over it, but head and four paws, were missing. The carcass was fresh and tiger might have been killed on Thursday night.Badkelwar said, \"It is most likely that some local poachers had set up a live wire for a herbivore, but the tiger got killed instead.\"Postmortem was done by veterinary doctor PD Kadukar. The carcass was consigned to flames at the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13299358", "title": "Remaking old movies has become a trend: Gopi Bhalla", "text": "Gopi Bhalla, more popularly known as the aged constable Gopinath Gandotra in the comedy sitcom F.I.R., is surely a happy man, not many shows on TV go on to complete 700 episodes.Ask him on how he feels about being associated with a show for six long years and he says, \"It feels very good to be a part of such a long running show. I am sure this show will run for at least two three years more. It is not a typical run-of-the-mill saas-bahu show, which is why I think people enjoy it more without getting bored. Our job is to make people laugh and hume dekhkar logo ka tension dur ho jaata hai. So we'll continue doing this.\"Gopi , who has signed a Karan Johar film and will also be seen in the remake of Zanjeer , feels that old movies should not be remade as they lose the touch. He says, \"I don't understand why people have to remake movies. Original hi rehne do na . Even though Sholay was the biggest hit of its time, dekha na remake ka kya haal hua. If people want to experiment, then it's ok. But people have made this a trend.\"About the comedy genre in films, Gopi opines, \"Now the hero himself does the comedy. So there is no need for a separate comedian in the movie. Even the villain does comedy at times.\" Well, we can only hope to see the comic roles back in movies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji/mapusa", "code": "13281884", "title": "Some still accept family raj", "text": "PANAJI/MAPUSA: Though family raj proved to be some top politicians downfall and the BJP used it to whip the Congress party during the run up to the assembly polls, the kin of some of the party MLAs jumped onto the political bandwagon with mixed results.In Saligao, tourism minister Dilip Parulekar's brother, Pramod Parulekar tasted defeat. Panels backed by him in Reis Magos and Pilerne were elected but were defeated in Guirim and Nerul panchayats.But Calangute MLA, Michael Lobo's wife, Dalilah Lobo was elected from Parra panchayat and tipped to be the next sarpanch.Three members of BJP leader and former sarpanch Mahanand Asnodkar, his wife Sonia and brother Kishore faced defeats in the poll in Socorro panchayat.In Anjuna panchayat, three families had fielded six candidates in the 11-ward panchayat. Sitting sarpanch, Sandip Chimulkar and his wife Pooja Chimulkar, former sarpanch Lavino Rebello and his mother Putima Rebello and former deputy sarpanch Hanumant Lingudkar and his brother Uday Lingudkar were in the fray , but only Lavinio Rebello tasted success.In the St Cruz constituency, voters seemed to have welcomed Family Raj as Prakash Naik and his wife were elected from ward 1 and 2 respectively in Merces.In two other wards, Anil Hoble's wife Sandhya and Hoble's brother Lavu won their contests. In neighbouring, St Cruz, Tony and Indira Fernandes tasted success in ward 1 and 2 while another couple, Mohan L Narve and Mohini M Narve won in ward 2 and 4 of Chimbel panchayat respectively. Another husband-wife team, Francisco Po and Paulina Po won in Azossim-Mandur panchayat of St Andre constituency.Congress MLA, Pandurang Madkaikar's wife Janita Madkaikar was elected from ward 4 of Old Goa. Brothers of two former MLAs, Subhash Shirodkar and Francis Silveira were also elected. Amit Shirodkar was elected in Shiroda and Benny Silveira in Sao Lawrence panchayat of Agasaim.In Salcete, sarpanch Vincentina Fernandes was elected once again her husband Roland Fernandes also made his entry in Varca panchayat. A sitting panch, Constantio Fernandes and wife Josyln were elected from ward no 1and 2 in Chinchinim.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284066", "title": "'Pune Municipal Corporation school students will be admitted to private schools'", "text": "PUNE: Municipal commissioner Mahesh Pathak on Friday said that students passing out of PMC-run primary schools will get admissions in private secondary schools.Corporators across party lines demanded in the general body that the PMC should start more secondary schools because private educational institutes are denying admission to PMC school students.The PMC school board runs nearly 292 primary schools, most of which are Marathi-medium and the remaining offer education in English, Urdu, Kannada and other regional languages. The board also runs 25 secondary schools.\"As per the Bombay Provincial Municipal Corporations Act, the PMC has the responsibility to provide primary education to students and that too in the regional language. The civic body has to seek special permission from the state to start secondary schools and the PMC has to bear the cost of the same,\" said Pathak.Pathak said that private educational institutions have admitted PMC school students. \"It is a matter of a few students and we will sort it out. We will get the exact number of students who require admission in secondary schools and will ensure they are admitted in private schools,\" said Pathak.Standing committee chairman Baburao Chandere said, \"Over 80,000 students study in civic primary schools. It is very difficult for private schools to accommodate all of them in secondary classes. The PMC should take steps to start more secondary schools. The corporators will allot funds for it.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280207", "title": "A year of lessons and landmarks", "text": "KOLKATA: As the Trinamool Congress-led government completes its first year in office, chief minister Mamata Banerjee will be realizing that the real challenge begins now. It's been a learning curve - a steep one - with some peaks of success and a few pitfalls here and there.Amid the celebrations, the frenzied preparations for the jamboree planned in the form of a mela, there are hints that Mamata is gradually coming to terms with reality - trying to evolve into a mature administrator from the streetfighter politician who would call a protest march at the drop of a hat.There have been initial hiccups, and trial by fire, and the government is perhaps learning it the hard way to be able to take the bull by the horns.To begin with, Mamata has a debt burden of Rs 2.08 lakh crore inherited from the former Left Front government, for which Bengal has to pay a whopping Rs 21,500 crore - as interest and principal repayment - every year to the Centre. This amounts to a neat Rs 1,800 crore a month. The Bengal CM has been urging, pleading, and even threatening Delhi for a three-year moratorium on interest and principal which amounts to Rs 64,000 crore, as well as a debt restructuring.But after blowing hot and cold on the issue for a while, Mamata seems to be willing to be a little more patient after her meeting with Prime Minister Manmohan Singh . Mamata, who is emerging as a key player in national politics, understands that she must play her cards judiciously.Successes, gaffes and failures have all been part of the first year of journey. There were also areas where the government hit the bull's eye - like handling the Maoist menace.There has been a lull in rebel activity after Kishanji's death in an encounter. Twenty-three Maoists, including hard-core rebels like Jagori Baske and Suchitra Mahato, have surrendered. The last Maoist killing was in November 2011, when two Trinamool supporters were killed in Purulia. Armed cadres are hardly seen moving around in Jangalmahal. But whether this is the lull before a storm, only time will tell.Then there is Darjeeling - an intractable problem. There has been a turnaround from the days of bandhs during the Left Front rule and tourism is booming again. The signing of the Gorkha Territorial Administration (GTA) agreement has cooled down the fiery agitation in the Hills.Many say Mamata has simply swept the problem under the carpet and tension is still simmering in the Hills, Dooars and plains. While the Gorkha Janmukti Morcha (GJM) is adamant that 398 mouzas of the Terai and Dooars be included in the GTA, anti-GJM outfits in the plains are opposed to such a move. Implementation of GTA, holding elections are tricky issues to be worked out, and \"Gorkhaland\" has not been dropped from the list of demands.Industrialization in the last year has been nothing to write home about. The major reason behind is perhaps the state's policy not to acquire land for industrial purposes.Industry heads are worried it will have a negative impact in the long run, because considering the fragmented nature of holdings in Bengal, it would be difficult to purchase huge contiguous stretches of land.The positive thing has been amending the land ceiling under Section 14Y of the West Bengal Land Reforms Act, 1955, to accommodate the new age industry to hold more than 24 acre. The new government has made the relaxation applicable for more sectors than the Left Front government did. It also allows transfer of the land. According to industrialists, it will remove the hurdle of land transfer which is necessary for setting up industrial hubs where land is leased out to entrepreneurs.The government has also made the process of applying for setting up new industry quite hassle free - earlier if there were 99 forms to submit, now there are only seven. The West Bengal Industrial Development Corporation ( WBIDC) has made lease agreements with investors friendly in consultation with banks. At least 15 lease new agreements were signed in the last one year.But compare this with the government's anti-SEZ policy, which has already had an impact on the proposed investment of Infosys, and the Mamata Banerjee government still has a long way to go to project an industry friendly image.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283162", "title": "IIT result: Footballer beats many to top", "text": "CHANDIGARH: He is a state level footballer , a national topper in Science Olympiad and holds several Science scholarships. Drawing inspiration from his elder brother Jayant Sharma, who is studying at IIT-Kanpur, Saurabh, a resident of Sector 49, with an All India Rank 102 now aspires to study computer science at IIT-Mumbai or Delhi.Beating 40,000 students in Science Olympiad in Class IX, this champion excels on football field as well. \"I was ranked No. 1 in the Science Olympiad and have been very active in sports all along. I never get stressed with studies,\" said Saurabh, whose parents are employees with the Punjab government.Being a part of the winning team in the UT inter-school football tournament twice and runners up in the ICSE Inter-school Football Championship, Saurabh had been sweating out stress in the field. A student of St Kabir School, Sector 26, till Class X and then SD Public School, Sector 32, he had been seeking guidance from his brother to clear the JEE. \"I always wanted to be a software engineer and will give a preference to the IIT where I get the stream of my choice,\" says Saurabh, who went for a trip to NASA.Winner of a terra quiz on a private TV channel, his tryst with science and general knowledge started early in life. He later won NTSE scholarship and Kishore Vaigyanic Protsahan Yogjna scholarship.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280243", "title": "Expelled leader slams TMC in book", "text": "KOLKATA: Former Trinamool legislator Dipak Ghosh, expelled from the party for speaking against its policy, on Friday published a book critical of Mamata Banerjee and her party adding to a growing list of dissenters within and outside the party ranks.Ghosh's book was, incidentally, released by educationist Sunando Sanyal, who till the other day spoke in favour of the need for change in Bengal and termed Mamata as the agent for this change.Ghosh claimed the idea for the book germinated after he came across several disconcerting and 'untrue' statements filed by a Trinamool MP while filing his Rajya Sabha nomination papers. \"The information provided here and those in Rajya Sabha are different. I had written to the Rajya Sabha ethics committee and the Election Commission of India on it. I have been told that the ECI has directed the state to take action. Nothing has happened,\" he said, adding that he never had the intention to publish the 20-chapter book immediately, till friends suggested otherwise.\"I have been in the party even before its formation. Part of the contents, I was aware of, and rest I had researched myself. While on one hand, the chief minister claims she has fulfilled 100% of her promises, my only question is from where did the money come? If one claims that, then they shouldn't argue for funds crunch. But this isn't the only expose made. There are others, from misuse of election funds to private interests being fostered in the name of politics. And with every claim made, I have given requisite documents. In fact, I have also written to the Prime Minister (with a copy of the book) to investigate into the contents,\" Ghosh said.Sanyal, who claimed he is yet to read the full book, said: \"In a democracy, one should have the patience to hear all voices, even if those are against it. I had read some chapters and have been stunned by the disclosures. The onus is on those, against whom allegations have been levelled, to refute it. Personally, I believe the government is slowly showing trends of being extremely autocratic. A chief minister is not of the party but for all,\" Sanyal said, a refrain he had used for Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300749", "title": "Sarah Jessica Parker to help raise funds for Obama campaign", "text": "'Sex and the City' star Sarah Jessica Parker will host a fundraiser event at her New York City home to raise additional money for President Obama's re-election campaign.A new fundraising solicitation from the campaign invites supporters to donate and be entered into a raffle to win an evening with the president, First Lady Michelle Obama and Parker.\"I'm thrilled about this: Pretty soon, I'll be hosting the President and First Lady of the United States at my home in New York,\" New York Post quoted Parker as writing in the email.In it, she describes the event as a \"small gathering\" where the winner will \"get to spend some time with the president we're committed to fighting for.\"The lucky winner can bring a guest and airfare and accommodations will be paid for by the campaign.It was unclear who else would be in attendance for the June 14 event.Last week, George Clooney held a similar event at his Studio City, Calif., home, which brought in 15 million dollars for the campaign.Notable attendees included Robert Downey Jr. , Billy Crystal , Jack Black , Salma Hayek and Tobey Maguire .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277520", "title": "SRK vs MCA: Legal experts divided on ban", "text": "MUMBAI: Legal experts were divided on the Mumbai Cricket Association's (MCA's) decision to ban Shah Rukh Khan from entering Wankhede for five years. While some said that the association has a right to prevent entry of a person who is found to have broken stadium rules - in this case, allegedly manhandling MCA officials - others called the punishment \"disproportionately harsh\".A senior Delhi-based lawyer said there are rules of a stadium and each stadium makes its own rules and if a person breaks them, he or she has to face the rap.But senior counsel C A Sundaram, who has represented Bin the past, said that ultimately the parent board has a duty, and not just responsibility, to deal with a situation as 'patria familas' (head of the family). \"Nobody can believe that the rules that apply to everyone do not apply to them. Who decides the rules? It is the BCCI. At the end of it, BCCI will have to decide as it is the body that regulates the game of cricket in India,\" Sundaram explained.Khan need not wait for BCCI to step in. Lawyers said he could move the civil courts in Mumbai or the Bombay high court to question MCA's powers to issue the ban, the grounds it was issued on, the lack of natural justice, the absence of a show-cause notice to hear his side first, his right as a citizen to enter a stadium where matches are played for the public, and the quantum of the punishment. \"Ticket holders do not have an automatic right of entry and can be barred for behaviour that is unjustified or against the rules,\" said lawyer Amit Desai. \"The ban on Khan, however, is a very harsh punishment.\"Another lawyer felt that BCCI has no immediate role in the resolution passed by MCA. \"Franchisees hire the cricket grounds. Wankhede belongs to MCA, it can impose its rules. But can any person who allegedly got rough with MCA officials be banned for five years. It is sheer nonsense,\" said the lawyer.Yet another lawyer said that, as an IPL team owner, Khan should be allowed to enter Wankhede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280595", "title": "Hyderabad boy emerges topper in IIT minority quota list", "text": "HYDERABAD: In the very first year that the IITs introduced a minority quota in admissions, city boy MDH Rahman from Vidya Nagar secured the top all-India rank in this category. The IITs have, from this year, implemented a 4.5% quota for Muslim minority candidates within the OBC category and as many as 14 students from the state have made it to the top-50 on the minority quota list.Although each of them secured a rank in the general category, these students are expected to get the choicest of seats in leading IITs like Bombay, Delhi or Madras thanks to the new provision. The IITs announced reservations under the minority quota this year following efforts in this direction for the past two years by the ministry of human resource development (MHRD). Of the 9,500 seats in the 17 IITs (as per last year's figure), 440 seats will be reserved for minority candidates from this year.Speaking to TOI, Rahman, a student of Sri Chaitanya Junior College, Madhapur said that he would opt for admission into the computer science department at IIT-Bombay, one of the most sought after among the IITs.\"With my general category rank (159) I would not have made the cut off for computer science engineering (CSE) at IIT-B. But with the quota rank, it would be possible for me to get the seat of my choice,\" said Rahman.The son of a retired bank employee, Rahman said that he will be the first IITian in his family when he passes out four years from now. His elder brother, MDK Asif is currently studying at BITS-Pilani. The IITs announced the quota on their website and had asked candidates to submit their minority status certificate before April 8, the date of the examination.Another student with a good rank in the minority quota list, Sheik Abdul Akram, too, would like to join IIT-B. \"I secured a rank of 1,994 in the general category and 13 in the minority quota list. I would definitely have got a seat in one of the IITs, but the quota has made the admission easier,\" said Akram, also a city-based student.Mohd Abdul Muqeeth, who secured the 34th rank in JEE (3,643 in general), said that he is glad that reservations have been introduced. Mujavar Basheer Ahmed, at 7,977 on the general category list but with the 83rd rank in the minority category, said that but for the minority quota he would have had to take the exam again.The reservation is expected to change the composition of the premier technical institutions in the country, experts said. \"The percentage of minority candidates from the state making it to the top six IITs used to be negligible till last year. But with the reservations, the tally this year has altogether increased to 5% on general and reservation seats. This is a welcome change,\" said a coordinator of a coaching institute in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi/kollam", "code": "13302814", "title": "Kerala fishermen's killing: Italy summons Indian envoy as Kerala court denies bail to naval guards", "text": "NEW DELHI/KOLLAM: A day after the Italian ambassador to India was recalled for \"consultations\", Italian foreign ministry on Saturday summoned Indian ambassador in Rome Dabarata Saha in connection with detention of two of its naval guards charged with murder of two fishermen in Kerala.According to official sources here, Saha was \"summoned\".The Indian ambassador was summoned to the foreign ministry which \"firmly signalled\" that the judicial developments related to the Italian sailors were not acceptable.Saha's summoning comes soon after a court in Kerala rejected the bail application of two Italian naval guards - Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone- accused in the fishermen killing case.It was announced in Italy on Friday that it is recalling its ambassador Giacomo Sanfelice for consultations.Italian sailors' bail plea rejectedEarlier, the two Italian sailors were on Saturday denied bail by a Kerala court on the ground that their release might affect the progress of the case, set to enter the trial stage.Rejecting the pleas of Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone, district and sessions judge P D Rajan said releasing them on bail at this juncture might affect the conduct of the case.The judge said the prosecution arguments against granting the bail to the accused were valid considering the seriousness of the charges against them and that their presence was essential when the trial began.Opposing the bail pleas, public prosecutor G Mohan Raj argued there could also be possibility of tampering of evidence if the accused were released on bail now. He said granting bail was also against the larger interest of the state and the public.The sailors' presence was required as the investigation had been completed and the trial about to start.The naval guards onboard ship 'Enrica Lexie' had allegedly shot dead fishermen Valentine Jalastine and Ajesh Binki on February 15 off Kollam coast, apparently mistaking them for pirates.The naval guards, arrested on February 19, are under judicial remand and lodged in the central prison at Thiruvanathapuram.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278247", "title": "Lawyers\u2019 stir: Work at six district court comes to halt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Work in all the six district courts in the city was paralysed on Friday after the lawyers went on a day-long strike against the Thursday attack on three judicial officers.Condemning the attack, which left one metropolitan magistrate injured, the lawyers refrained from appearing in proceedings and even sought adjournment leading to no effective court hearing in several cases.The Bar members of six district courts had called for the strike over the \"barbaric attack\" on the judicial officers of the Saket district courts.\"We condemn the barbaric attack on the judicial officers. To express our protest, we decided to restrain from work,\" Jagdeep Vats, New Delhi Bar Association Secretary, said.Avnish Rana, secretary of Dwarka Court Bar Association said, \"The lawyers did not appear in their case and even the judicial officers did not pass any adverse order as the cause was genuine.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "rome", "code": "13300530", "title": "Bhupathi-Bopanna in semifinals of Internazionali BNL D'Italia", "text": "ROME: The Indian pair of Mahesh Bhupathi and Rohan Bopanna upset top seeds Max Mirnyi of Belarus and Canada's Daniel Nestor in a hard-fought battle to enter the men's doubles semifinals of the Internazionali BNL D'Italia tennis tournament.The seventh seeded Indians took an hour and nine minutes to get the better of the top seeds, 6-4 7-5.Bhupathi and Bopanna won 79 per cent of their service points, and converted a break of serve in each set to wrap up victory.They will next take on third seeds Marcel Granollers and Marc Lopez, who entered the semifinals after beating Michael Llodra and Nenad Zimonjic 6-4 6-2.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13281856", "title": "Traffic diversion rules to be reviewed", "text": "KOTTAYAM: District collector Mini Antony said on Friday that the newly-imposed traffic regulations will be reexamined if need arises. She reviewed traffic restrictions in the city with officials.As per the regulation, buses coming from Ettumanoor would be diverted through the Market Road to Kodimatha bus stand. Representatives of bus operators association raised objection saying that traffic blocks along the Market Road will affect their trip frequency. Authorities are yet to take any concrete step to clear out traffic blocks. Earlier, roadside vendors were evicted, but a few of them have returned. A meeting, chaired by home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan , decided to implement all other traffic regulations on a permanent basis.No heavy vehicles will be allowed in the town from 8.30am to 11am and 3.30pm to 6pm. However, vehicles carrying drinking water, milk and petroleum products have been exempted.A bus bay will be constructed at TMS Junction in Shastry Road. New bus stops will be established at Market Road and MG Road. A pre-paid auto counter will start functioning opposite Nagambadom bus stand. High mast light will also be erected at the bus stand.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13301993", "title": "I am relieved to get bail: Luke Pomersbach", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach , who has been accused of molesting an American woman and assaulting her fiancee, on Saturday said that he was \"very relieved\" to have been granted bail and has full faith in the judicial system in India.The 27-year-old cricketer, who plays for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL, was arrested yesterday on a complaint by the woman who claimed he had invited himself for drinks in her room in a five-star hotel on Thursday night and misbehaved with her.A Delhi court granted him bail and asked him to deposit two surety bonds of Rs 30,000 each. He was also asked to surrender his passport.\"Obviously, I am very relieved after what happened in the court today. I am happy with the support I have got from my family and girl friend back home and the RCB. I am looking forward to get to the bottom of the investigation,\" Pomersbach told reporters outside the court here.The Australian cricketer, who has a history of brawls and brush with police in his country, said he was disappointed with the allegations levelled against him.\"I am disappointed with the way the allegations were made on me. It's sickening. I have faith in the justice system (in India), looking forward to get to the bottom of it. I am happy that I have been granted bail,\" he said.Asked how the investigations would proceed in the coming days, he said, \"I have no idea what is going to happen in the next few days.\"A case was registered against Pomersbach under various sections of IPC including 354 (outraging modesty of woman), 323 (hurt), 454 (house trespass) and 511 (Punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment).The woman claimed that when she left the men, her fiance and a common friend from Mumbai, alone and went to her bedroom for catching some sleep, Luke followed her and misbehaved with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13285030", "title": "Kanpur museum shut for past 15 months for want of funds", "text": "KANPUR: No events were held in the city to mark the International Museum Day on Friday mainly because there is no museum functional in the district presently.The TOI team planned to visit the Kanpur museum on International Museum Day which was celebrated on May 18. The theme of the day was 'New Challenges, New Inspirations'. But the scene at Nana Rao Park in Bithoor (where the Kanpur museum is situated) was highly disappointing. The museum door was locked and no one was there to tell us the reason for this unannounced closing of the museum.When TOI contacted Subhash Agarwal, the caretaker of the museum, he informed that the museum had been nonfunctional due to unavailability of funds for over a year now. The museum, which was earlier situated in Phoolbagh, was shifted to Nana Rao Park in Bithoor in February 2011. It was primarily done to increase the influx of the visitors to the museum. The authorities also considered Bithoor a better place to keep the archaeological and antique things preserved.At that time several promises were made by the district administration who assured of upliftment of the museum. Allotment of funds for the preservation of antique coins and other stuff in the museum was also assured by administrative authorities. But Agarwal claimed: \"There have been no funds allotted for making the museum functional even after 15 months of its shifting.\"\"No initiative was taken by the district administration to reopen this museum for the people. Several letters and meetings were held with various administrative officials, but no one paid heed to this issue,\" informed another official of the museum on condition of anonymity.He added that if the situation remained the same, antiques and valuables kept inside the locked doors would be damaged and lost forever.However, on being apprised of the facts, district magistrate MP Agarwal assured for making the museum functional soon, informed Agarwal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13288959", "title": "'Butt' comments are positive, says Tusshar Kapoor", "text": "It was meant to be a spoof. But Tusshar Kapoor's torso did not feel up to it. And somewhere between the actor's bare chest and short swimming trunks, what was supposed to be a funny take on John Abraham's scandalous expose in Karan Johar's Dostana, became (literally) the butt of all jokes.But even as social networking portals started overflowing with comments about Tush (not meant to be punitive), the actor maintained that he is indeed receiving only positive feedback about his derriere-exposing act in Kya Super Kool Hai Hum.Most twitteratti commented on the actor's act calling him the poor man's John Abraham. However, some went a step ahead. For instance, sample this - Frootifer Vajpayee ? @Oinkoo: Tusshar Kapoor 's butt? It still exists after so many people kicked it?! Some went on to call Tusshar the 'female Ayesha Takia'. And some simply said - Comedian Praveen ? @Funny_Leone: Why is everybody making fun of Tusshar Kapoor?.. just leave her alone..However, the actor, who is also present on the social network seems to be unaware of all the negative reviews. When asked about the bad feedback, he told TOI \"No. I have been receiving positive feedback from all friends and fans. Why would there be any negativity? The movie is a slick comedy and when one watches it, they will understand the context to this particular scene.\"He explained that the spoof was a part of the script and he was more than happy to do it. \"I wasn't embarrassed at all. The movie Kya Super Kool Hai Hum is a sex comedy and the script required the scene,\" said Tusshar.The actor had informed John Abraham about the scene as well. \"He was quite amused with the idea,\" said Tusshar. Seemingly, the audience is a little harder to please.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277443", "title": "Panel slams negativism against women in forces", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has slammed the defence ministry for its \"discriminatory'' and \"negative'' policies on granting permanent commission (PC) to women military officers as well as inducting them in greater numbers in the armed forces.\"We fail to understand the negativism when it comes to employing more women in our country's armed forces,'' the committee on empowerment of women said in its latest report tabled in Parliament on Friday.Women constitute just 2.84% of the officers in Navy, 3.01% in Army and 8.55% in IAF, excluding the medical streams, despite being allowed into the armed forces since the early-1990s.Moreover, women can get PC only in the legal, education and naval constructor wings, while they can serve for a maximum of 14 years in arms like engineering, ordnance, intelligence, signals, air traffic control and the like. They are also not allowed to serve in combat arms like infantry, artillery or armoured corps, nor serve on board operational warships or fly fighter jets.The defence establishment has long contended that granting PC to women officers across the board is not feasible due to \"operational, practical and cultural problems''. The legal and education wings, incidentally, do not involve command of men or battalions.The parliamentary committee, on its part, accused the defence ministry of turning a blind eye to its earlier recommendations on inducting more women and granting them PC.\"The committee takes strong objection to the way its recommendation is brushed aside without attaching importance that it needs to be given... The tone and tenor of the government's reply clearly communicates the nonchalant attitude towards the committee's concerns,'' it said.On its recommendation for opening more branches like military police and postal service for granting PC to women, the committee said, \"It's extremely disturbing to note the defence ministry has not even bothered to try exploring a single other option for women officers and instead relied heavily on the existing discriminative policies.''The panel was also not happy with the government stand that a suitable mechanism already existed in the armed forces to deal with sexual harassment cases. The government should be a \"bit more accommodative'' in accepting suggestions made by the committee about making the workplace safer for women and protecting whistleblowers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13296334", "title": "Improve your child\u2019s health with vitamin D", "text": "Recent research studies have shown that vitamin D, also known as the bone builder vitamin, may also offer an array of wellness benefitsHave you ever wondered why certain children are bubbling with energy most of the time while others are plain lethargic? This energy is reflected in their enthusiasm to not only do their daily activities with aplomb, but also learn and excel at new things. Such supra-active kids score on two counts over their lethargic counterparts - adequate exposure to sunlight, and adequate intake of vitamin D.Children's daily food intake is crucial. Of all the advice meted out to mothers in regard with their children's diet, milk occupies numero uno position. This is because the calcium in it aids muscle and bone growth, which is absorbed with the help of vitamin D.Namita Jain, clinical wellness specialist at Bombay Hospital, informs, \"Vitamin D is the most crucial vitamin needed by our body. However, many parents are unaware of its importance. In fact, not many mothers know that most children who are vegetarian and do not get adequate sunlight, are vitamin D deficient, which in turn leads to bodyache and pains.\"Vitamin D and nutrition What most mothers need to realise is that adequate vitamin D is required for the body to absorb calcium. It is important to note that not all dairy products, such as cheese or yogurt, contain vitamin D. \"Food choices like eggs, milk, fish rich in omega fatty acids and cod liver oil are excellent sources of vitamin D,\" advises Jain. Apart from this, Jain suggests, \"Children must indulge in body strengthening exercises and outdoor activities that help the bones absorb vitamin D and calcium.\"Research studies by Ipsos, a reputed market research agency, have shown that a large percentage of mothers are aware of vitamin D being responsible for bone building but not many are familiar with its other health benefits. Kids who get adequate vitamin D in their regular diet can expect better health across the board; they get fewer diseases, have stronger bones and muscles, and are less prone to depression , pain and inflammation.So how does vitamin D help your child's body? - It regulates calcium and phosphorus: In fact, vitamin D plays a major role in the absorption of calcium and phosphorus, and in their proper utilisation. This helps keep our bones and teeth strong. - Immune system regulator: Vitamin D enhances your immunity, as well as inhibits the development of destructive auto-immune diseases such as rheumatoid arthritis , lupus and multiple sclerosis. - Potent anti-inflammatory: Vitamin D is a powerful anti-inflammatory agent, which may also contribute to its effectiveness in reducing some types of muscular pain. - Helps regulate blood sugar levels: Those children with lower levels of vitamin D are more susceptible to diabetes. - Helps lower blood pressure: Maintaining adequate levels of vitamin D helps reduce the risk of hypertension.\"If your child complains of bodyache often, get a blood check up done to detect his vitamin D levels,\" says Jain. Unfortunately, urban lifestyles and poor dietary intake are causing health issues that not many parents are aware about. It's time to take a reality check - a vitamin D check!In fact, not many mothers know that most children who are vegetarian and do not get adequate sunlight, are vitamin D deficient, which in turn leads to bodyache and pains- Namita Jain Clinical Wellness Specialist, Bombay Hospital.From the research, a higher percentage of mothers were aware that vitamin D is responsible for stronger bones, boosting activeness and empowering their overall immunity.(We invite queries on your child's nutrition on the Cadbury Bournvita helpline number : 1800 22 8530 from 9 am to 5 pm on weekdays) - Helpline NoA Consumer connect initiative", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277554", "title": "Fresh bills only after Jun 21: Delhi Jal Board", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhiites will now get their next water bill only after June 21 when Delhi Jal Board (DJB) will switch to its new revenue management system. Swamped with complaints of incorrect billing from all across the city, the water utility will not issue any fresh bills in the current cycle, saying it does not want to be saddled with more incorrect bills.Every Saturday, starting May 19, DJB will also be holding camps in various colonies to sort out billing issues. The venues will be announced every Saturday.\"We want to sort out all pending bill disputes before the new system kicks in so that we can start on a clean slate. The camps will continue even after the system is launched so that we can address any problem arising from the new system,\" said Prashant Goel, member, finance, DJB.Under the new system, self reading of meters will become the norm, though it will be started on a trial basis initially.\"Consumers will read their own meters and feed the data into DJB's online system on the basis of which bills will be issued. DJB will verify details once or twice a year. Hand-held meter readers will also be given out to DJB's meter readers with which they would be able to generate bills on the spot. This will be done a few months after the new system is launched. Initially, it was supposed to have been rolled out by April 2, but Tata Consultancy Services , which is handling the project on DJB's behalf, is taking time and has been asked to speed up work,\" said an official.With over-billing having almost become a norm, DJB's revenue officials openly accept that meter readers have created most of the problems. \"Very often they under-bill consumers so when someone does go to verify readings, consumers get a hefty bill. They indulge in other sorts of malpractices, too, but we are already short of meter readers-482 for over 2 lakh consumers-and hence cannot do much,\" said an official.In fact, he added that DJB would have to train a few more meter readers to be able to cover all areas effectively.However, consumers say that a major revamping of its customer care programme should become DJB's priority. \"For one, information about camps should not be issued on the day the camps are being held as one would need preparation to attend these. We have asked for copies of old bills at the zonal offices, which the staff have refused to give. Secondly, when it is DJB' problem, why are consumers being made to run around? Nobody has been able to explain billing details. They also have to issue bills for set periods and not randomly for any length of time that it does presently. If I am being billed for four months instead of two, my service tax and sewer charges go up based on units consumed. This is a bizarre system,\" said Keshav Agarwal, member, B-Block, CR Park RWA.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13301528", "title": "Hilary Swank to star in Richard Curtis' new film about malaria", "text": "Oscar winner Hilary Swank has been cast in Richard Curtis' \"entertaining\" new film 'Martha and Mary', which is about malaria.Curtis, who wrote 'Four Weddings and a Funeral and Notting Hill' told the Telegraph that he hopes the film will make cinema-goers laugh as well as cry.He has also cast Brenda Blethyn , the twice Oscar-nominated star of 'Secrets and Lies' in the film.\"It is about malaria, so not an especially funny topic, but there are some jokes in it,\" Curtis saidThe shooting is said to begin in Africa and in America this summer.Curtis, who wrote the screenplay for Bridget Jones's Diary and the scripts for the sitcoms Blackadder and The Vicar of Dibley, has long campaigned for the eradication of malaria through his work for Comic Relief.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13299445", "title": "The film is a breakthrough in my career: Vineet", "text": "Actor Vineet Singh is on cloud nine these days. He is the protagonist of a short film, 'Shor' that has won several international awards including the Grand Jury award for Best Film at Indian Film Festival of Los Angeles and South Asian International Film Festival , New York and selected in Dubai film festival. Directed by Neeraj Ghaywan , an assistant of ace director Anurag Kashyap, who is also the producer of this film.Hailing from Varanasi, Vineet says, \"that it is a co-incidence that even in the film he plays a character who belongs to the city and makes his ends meet in Mumbai along with his better half portrayed by Ratnabali Bhattacharjee . Infact it was during the shooting of Gangs of Wasseypur , in which I play a gangster, the idea for this film had creeped in the mind of Neeraj who had assisted Anurag in GOW. On returning to Mumbai we discussed the story and went ahead with the shoot. I am happy that the film has been appreciated so much ,\" says the actor.\"Such accolades certainly help in establishing short films as a genre of film more firmly since more and more new talents for whom it is not possible to make a feature film take to short film making . A lot of talented people are being attracted to the Industry through this. Moreover technology is also helping in this . All one has to do is make a film upload on the Net and the response is immediate. Instantly one gets to know where does one stand ,\" feels the actor who who also be seen in Manish Tewary directed Issaq starring Prateik.Adding to this jubilation is the selection of GOW for the Cannes Director's Week. The entire team is just excited about this and the prominent cast of the film is heading for Cannes .\"We would be there on from May 21 to May 23 during which the film would be screened. It is a film which I am looking forward to since it would be a major breakthrough in my career,\" says Vineet who was last seen in Mahesh Manjrekar's film ' City of Gold '.The actor who started off an assistant of Mahesh Manjrekar has spent a lot of his life in Varanasi.\" I studied in UP college and was a keen sports person as I loved playing basketball. But destiny had different plans for for me. My father is a retired reader in Mathematics from UP College so I was expected to follow in his footsteps. Since I hated the subject so in order to escape it I chose biology and went on to become a doctor in Ayurveda . Since I was passionate about acting so I entered a reality show and won it, during this period I met Mahesh Manjrekar and this is how my life changed,\" recalls the actor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280328", "title": "West Bengal handicrafts may get a new lease of life", "text": "KOLKATA: The state's micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) department is saddled with loss-making outlets, product designs that are stuck in time warp and employees who find no enthusiasm in showing products to potential customers. But this situation will soon change once the department ties up with Anjan Chatterjee's Speciality Group that has restaurants like Mainland China and Oh! Calcutta under its banner.Last week, there were talks between Chatterjee and MSME minister Manas Bhuniya at Writers' Buildings to work out plans for the venture. Sources said the agreement will be inked very soon.\"We had talks with Anjan Chatterjee and both of us are keen on making this happen. It will help market the Bengal products well and help in better branding of the products. Overall, it will breathe new life to handicrafts of Bengal,\" he said.The idea behind the tie-up is not only to strike a chord with a group (read Specialty Group) that pampers its customers to the hilt, but to also propagate brand Bangaliana since Chatterjee is known to be the flagbearer of Bengal all over the world.The MSME is moulding itself as Bencraft - a corporation to promote handloom and handicraft products of the state. From dokra to tant, shola to terracotta, baluchari to bamboo, there is a rich tradition of handloom and handicraft in Bengal. What it lacks are the marketing brains. and dreaming it big.If the tie-up is successful, things may be delightfully different. So soon it may not be far from now whenyou may be able able to pick up Oh! Calcutta delicacies like Nawabi Dum Biryani, Kosha Mangsho, Luchi and Chingri'r cutlet from Tantuja showrooms. Or Oh! Calcutta restaurants may have products like dokra showpieces, Murshidabad silk scarves, bamboo earrings or woodcrafts under the Bencraft brandname.The government is also roping in actress Rituparna Sengupta to be the brand ambassador for tant. and has asked for suggestions from designer Agnimitra Paul on how to improve the textile sector.It's perhaps one of the biggest and most promising tie-ups for Bengal in recent times. Bengal's micro, small and medium enterprises (MSME) is tying up with Anjan Chatterjee's Speciality group - that has brand names as big as Mainland China and Oh! Calcutta among other restaurants - spread all over the country.The MSME is saddled with loss making outlets, employees who find no enthusiasm in showing the products to potential customers, and designs in quality products that are stuck in time warp.And the idea is to strike the right chord with a group that is not only a big name but also has waiters and managers in their restaurants who pamper their customers to the hilt.The outcome of the mix of these two could mean as subtle and delicate as the taste and feel of the chhana aam kasundi paturi or the Bekti gandhoraj if you please! The idea is the branding of Bangaliana - and Chatterjee is already known to be carrying the flag of Bengal and Bangaliana all over the world.The MSME is moulding itself as Bencraft - a corporation to promote handloom and handicraft products of the state. From dokra to tant, shola to terracotta, baluchari to bamboo, there is a rich tradition of handloom and handicraft in Bengal. Except: the marketing brains and dreaming it big.Now things may be delightfully different if things go according to plan. There were talks between Chatterjee and MSME minister, Manas Bhuniya at Writers' Buildings last week to work out plans for a grand tie-up. Sources said the agreement will be inked very soon.So it may not be far from now when you may see some of the Tantuja showrooms with snacketeria from where it would be possible to pick up Oh! Calcutta delicacies like Nawabi Dum Biryani, Kosha Mangsho, Luchi, Chingri'r cutlet, Murshidabadi murgi fry, Fish fry, Dhakai fish tikka and so on. Or that Oh! Calcutta restaurants may have products like dokra showpieces, murshidabad silk scarves, bamboo earrings or woodcrafts under the Bencraft brandname.Tantuja has a hundred exclusive retail outlets in Bengal - its head office is at Tantuja Bhawan in Salt Lake's DD block, near City Centre. Most of its outlets are sprawling spaces and in hugely advantageous locations like Park Street, Lindsay Street, Gariahat, Dhakuria, Sealdah, Shyambazar, Ultadanga, and even at Howrah Maidan, Uttarpara, Shyamnagar and so on.Oh! Calcutta branches on the other hand are at Tardeo and Andheri in Mumbai, Elgin Road and Silver Spring in Kolkata, Nehru Place in New Delhi, St. Marks Road in Bangalore, Dhole Patil Road in Pune (at City Point), and one even at Banani in Dhaka.There are discussions on how many of one's spaces and products would be used by the other. The details of are currently being worked out, said minister Manas Bhuniya. \"We had talks with Anjan Chatterjee and both of us are keen on making this happen. It will help market the Bengal products well and help in better branding of the products as well. Overall, it will breathe new life to handicrafts of Bengal,\" he said.For breathing new life to Bengal's handicrafts, the government is also roping in actress Rituparna Sengupta to be the brand ambassador for tant, and has asked for suggestions from designer Agnimitra Paul on how to improve the textile sector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280147", "title": "Rain likely after scorching week, but relief temporary", "text": "KOLKATA: The weekend is going to be a relief after five days of searing heat when the city sizzled in the highest temperature recorded this season.There is a possibility of rain in Kolkata and other parts of south Bengal over the next 24 hours. The mercury is expected to dip to 36 degrees (max) and 25 degrees Celsius (minimum) on Saturday - a significant drop from 37.4 degrees and 29.5 degrees on Friday, two and three degrees above normal. Wednesday was the hottest day this summer with the mercury soaring to 40.5 degrees Celsius.\"Scattered rain is expected in the South Bengal districts including surroundings of Kolkata by Friday night. Though there is a possibility of the thundershower eluding Kolkata, the weather condition will improve as an impact of the thundershower in its surroundings,\" said GC Debnath, director Meteorological Centre Kolkata.The Doppler radar also detected thunder-squall in parts of Howrah, Bankura, South 24 Parganas, West and East Midnapore, Baknkura, Purulia, Birbhum and Burdwan. The squall hit parts of these districts on Friday night. But the met office has warned that this is just a temporary phase.The mercury is expected to rise again next week, warns the weatherman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "moscow", "code": "13295915", "title": "Anand has lost motivation: Kasparov", "text": "MOSCOW: Chess legend Garry Kasparov believes that reigning world champion Viswanathan Anand has lost motivation and the Indian, who is defending his title against Boris Gelfand right now, has been \"sliding downhill\" for the past few years.\"What I think with Vishy is that he has lost motivation,\" Kasparov said in the commentary room of the championship where he came in as a guest of honour.Known to be outspoken, Kasparov also said that the ongoing World Championship is not the match to decide the best chess player in the world.When asked if the draws will be to Gelfand's benefit, Kasparov opined that it may not be the case.\"I wouldn't say that the protracted crisis benefits one player or another, I think they're both under huge pressure. Gelfand hasn't won a single game against Vishy since 1993.\"As for Vishy, I think he's sliding downhill these (last) years. He wants to win, he knows he's a better player, but it's not enough,\" said Kasparov, who is arguably the best chess player ever.Kasparov also believes that the previous matches played by Anand were more intense.\"Anand-Kramnik (2008) and Anand-Topalov (2010) were very tense, a lot of ideas, and not just about decisive games, you could see there was so much fighting spirit by both sides. They were also players of the highest calibre and they had a lot at stake, but no one was afraid to take risks,\" he said.Anand's lack of success in tournaments in the past years also came under the scrutiny from Kasparov.\"Hopefully we can still see some sign of greatness of the past but if you look at the record from 2008 to 2012 there are four years and it's not very inspiring,\" Kasparov said.Another Russian Grandmaster Peter Svidler nodded in agreement.\"He (Vishy) hasn't been a great tournament player for years and I think that's a conscious decision by him because he just conserves energy (for the world championship matches),\" said Svidler, who is a good friend of Anand.Meanwhile, after playing out a sixth draw on the trot, Gelfand was not impressed with Kasparov's comments.\"May be Kasparov wants to remind everyone that he was once the strongest chess player in the world,\" retorted the Israeli while Anand simply said he did not have time to think about it.The World championship enters the second half with back-to-back white games for Gelfand. So far, it has been a dull affair with neither player managing to push the other in any way.Anand apparently had his chances in game three when he had an extra pawn. Apart from that, the defending champion has been surprised in both his white games even though with black his defences have been impregnable.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "noida/bulandshahr", "code": "13277507", "title": "Villagers lynch wildcat mistaken for leopard", "text": "NOIDA/BULANDSHAHR: With increasing cases of wild animals being killed due to conflicts with humans in Ghaziabad, Bulandshahr and parts of Greater Noida, where the human population overlaps with wild habitat, the forest department and environmentalists have stressed on the importance of education and awareness among common people. On Wednesday, a jungle cat, which was mistakenly identified as a leopard, was lynched to death by villagers in spite of the forest department's efforts to control the mob.Wildlife Trust of India (WTI), an organization based in Noida working with the state forest department, said that the crowd overpowered the forest officials before they could reach the site where the big cat had been stranded. \"The incident took place in the morning. Initially, we were informed by the forest department in Bulandshahr that it was a leopard. We told the forest department to keep the crowd at bay till we got there. However, the crowd overpowered the officials and lynched the cat to death,\" said NVK Ashraf, the chief operating officer and chief veterinarian of WTI.Ashraf said that the cat had perched itself on a tree and was surrounded by scared and aggressive villagers in Bibinagar village in Bulandshahr. When the cat came down to escape from the crowd, it was followed and killed. The forest department of Bulandshahr and WTI are both still unsure about the exact species of the cat and the incident is currently being reviewed.According to forest department officials and environmentalist, such instances almost inevitably lead to the animal's death due to lack of awareness among villagers. Last year, a leopard was killed by villagers in Ghaziabad after the animal strayed into sugarcane fields in Bahadurpur area of the district. \"The leopard had strayed into the fields. In such cases, it is best to stay away from the animal and let it pass through into the wild. However, the villagers hunted the animal out of the fields and killed it despite our best efforts to keep the animal and people safe,\" said Sheren Shrestha of WTI.Forest department officials explained that due to the exponentially high increase in population in the districts of Gautam Budh Nagar, Ghaziabad and Bulandshahr, such conflicts are becoming increasingly common. \"Gautam Budh Nagar and Ghaziabad had the highest decadal growth in the state in terms of population while forest cover all over the state has steadily decreased; as a result such conflicts are becoming increasingly common. Not only big cats, but also peacocks, waterfowl and other smaller mammals are falling prey to human beings. The only way to stop such deaths is through awareness programmes and education,\" said a Gautam Budh Nagar district forest official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chamarajnagar", "code": "13281777", "title": "Nature's children score high", "text": "CHAMARAJNAGAR: They collect firewood from forests, climb trees to reach honeycombs, wait for the coffee, amla and jamun seasons to go plucking them. Not for fun, but for a living. And in amid all that, they come to school and learn. This is the story of tribal children who have scored a 97 pass percentage in the SSLC examinations this year.Along with the lakhs of children who've crossed an important milestone on Thursday are these unconventional performers who've fought all odds to join the mainstream. If inclusive education is the mood of the day, theirs is the best example.These children are students of Vivekanada Girijana Kalyana Kendra school, BR Hills -- the school that Magsaysay award winner H Sudarshan has opened for Soligas. Of 55 children who wrote the exam, 53 cleared it with 68% as the highest percentage.While 80% of them belong to the Soliga tribe, who are forest dwellers, there are students from other tribes as well, including Irava, Betakuruba and Jenukuruba. Around 30 are residential students from places like Mysore, Mandya, Kushalnagar, HD Kote, Madikeri, Kollegal, Yellandur and Gundlupet.No homework!When TOI visited the school, the headmaster recalled how tough it was to get them to sit in a classroom -- for they belong to nature and are in sync with it. The four walls choke them. \"They like Science. But they simply cannot sit inside a classroom to learn it. So we started taking classes in the open where they are at ease,\" said Sundaresh V K, headmaster.\"The local tribals come to school in the morning but manage to get back to the forests during the break. They don't return after that. Their familiarity with forests makes it difficult for us to hunt for them. They also absent themselves during the amla plucking season and their local festivals. They concentrate and grasp what you teach them in class, but they don't like this homework business much!\" Sundaresh explained.All of them in class are first-generation learners. They don't go home and learn; the learning has to happen in school. \"They are taught the way they would like to learn. They are divided into groups, taught through discussions, group work, activities and codes. The last three months are based completely on exams. For the boarders, classes go on till 10.30pm under teachers' supervision. Classes are held even on Sundays,\" he said.Holistic EducationYoga is an important factor; every class begins with breathing exercises. The teachers say it's lifeskill education that has made all the difference. Talks by counsellors, classes on confidence and learning skills have done them a world of good.Yet, it's difficult to get them to speak to strangers, they shy away. After much probing, Pandappa B, a student who scored 381 marks told us: \"I go with my father to collect honey. But I find around four hours to study at home. I like Maths, I want to get a job in a bank as an accountant.\"All of them would nod their heads hard if you ask them whether they will move on to PU. Most of them want to become teachers, guards, bank managers, conductors and lawyers. But none will tell you that they are ready to sacrifice their life in the forest for the city lights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13281930", "title": "Panchayat elections: Women leave a mark in Salcete", "text": "MARGAO: In what could be seen as the increasing participation of women in grassroots-level polls in Salcete, over 42% of candidates who came up trumps in the panchayat elections in this coastal taluka belong to the fair sex. Goa has 33.33% for women in panchayats.\"The fact that women from general wards have also been elected indicates the growing involvement of women in Panchayati Raj. This is indeed something to cheer about,\" a women rights' activist from Salcete said.Though this trend has served to lift the spirits of feminists who view this development as women's emancipation, many have expressed concern over the fact that several of the women won on account of the personal or political clout of their spouses.Judith Almeida of the Colva Civic and Consumer Forum , speaking to TOI, said, \"If the women have won on their own strength it's indeed laudable. However, one often finds their spouses interfering in the affairs of the panchayats, thus defeating the very purpose of women's participation in Panchayati Raj.\"Almeida is also not very optimistic about the new Colva panchayat body that will be formed. \"Most of the members are affiliated to politicians, so it will be foolhardy to expect much from them. However, we will now need to be extra vigilant. Our fight for the cause of our village will have to be tougher and stronger,\" Almeida, who has been leading the brigade against mega projects and environmental issues in Colva, said.Significantly, the Macasana panchayat has turned out to be a politically neutral body with all its seven members being independent with no affiliations to any political party or politician.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280997", "title": "After hard work, it's time to celebrate", "text": "LUCKNOW: For IIT-JEE toppers, Friday was a day of celebrations. While most of them gathered at their coaching institutes, many preferred to be with their families. Feeling on top the world, Raghuvansh Saxena was accompanied by her mother, Meena to the coaching institute. \"Despite being at home, we have missed him for two years. This day, I don't want to leave him alone even for a single minute,\" said Meena.A mamma's boy, Karan too was accompanied by her mother, Ranjana when he went to meet his mentors. \"My mom is my best friend. So, I asked her to come along with me. Spending such an eventful day is incomplete without parents,\" he said. Extremely happy with his son's performance, Ranjana said, \"The only thing Karan does, apart from studies, is to talk to me. This makes me feel proud.\" Outside a coaching institute, the top rankers were seen dancing on the 'dhol' beats. With their mouths filled with sweets, they cracked jokes and hugged each other. The best part was that they were being supported by their mentors who stood by them throughout the day. \"There is no satisfaction than seeing your students performing. This is perhaps the best gift that the students have given us,\" said Ashish Taneja of a coaching institute.Few others like Anurag escaped to his home immediately after his coaching institute finished felicitation ceremony. \"I want to thank my parents for their support. It is a wonderful day for me and so I just wanted to spend most of my time with them,\" he said. Shubhangee Verma, who secured 263rd rank, wants to take up computer science. Other toppers from city include Prakhar Jain, AIR-295, Ranvijay Singh , AIR-616, Shantanu Singh, AIR-998, Piyuah Kumar Srivastava, AIR-1,092, Dhruv Prakash, AIR-1,122, Ankit Goel, AIR-1,264, Prakhar Arora, AIR-1,313, and Deepanshu Jain, AIR 3,345.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13279685", "title": "Gujarat governor Dr Kamla accused in Rajasthan land scam", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The BJP seems to have finally found a way of arm-twisting Gujarat governor Dr Kamla, who has become a thorn in the side of chief minister Narendra Modi . On Friday, the party's MPs created uproar in the Rajya Sabha asking for her recall over an alleged land scam in her home state of Rajasthan. Many believe Modi has paid Kamla back in kind for not being subservient to his whims and fancies.The two have constantly been at loggerheads over the past 12 months, whether on the appointment of the lokayukta and vice-chancellors, auditing the government's expenses or returning important bills regarding impact fee and death sentence for brewing hooch. Only last week she had returned two education-related bills. Many see Modi's hand in the controversy given that BJP general secretary Kirit Somaiya had demanded a special investigation team (SIT) to look into the scam, monitored by the court, like in the case of the SIT formed to probe the 2002 riots.The Rajya Sabha was adjourned twice on Friday after raucous BJP MPs refused to relent and kept up pressure for a recall. Party leader Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi told reporters outside Parliament, \"The Gujarat governor has shown herself as a farm labour working for 14 to 16 hours a day and has taken a piece of land worth crores of rupees. We demand that in view of serious corruption charges, she be called back immediately.\"He also demanded a high-level probe. The bone of contention between the two, however, has been Dr Kamla appointing justice (retired) R A Mehta as the lokayukta on August 25, 2011, against Modi's advice. The chief minister has branded justice Mehta as 'anti-Gujarat' because of his adverse remarks against the state government after the 2006 Surat floods. The judge had headed a public inquiry into the disaster in which 135 people had died.The state government had challenged justice Mehta's appointment in the Gujarat high court. A division bench of the court had given a split verdict in the case after which a single judge - justice V M Sahai - had given a verdict in Dr Kamla's favour. Justice Sahai had even passed strictures against Modi and said he had created \"a constitutional mini-crisis\". The state government's appeal is now pending in the Supreme Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278835", "title": "Maoist release three abducted villagers", "text": "NAGPUR: CPI Maoist cadre released three villagers, who were abducted on May 14, at Jimalgatta in Aheri Taluka on Friday evening.Pulayya Veladi, ex-sarpanch of Jimalgatta, Ramnayya Yadowar, ex- Zilla Parishad member and NCP activist, and Vyankati Medhi, member of gram panchayat, were kidnapped on Monday i.e May 14. Sources said, prior to their release, around 200 Naxals conducted a Jan Adalat on Friday afternoon. Over 1000 villagers, journalists, members of Panchayat Samiti, Jimalgatta gram panchayat and others attended the Jan Adalat.Sources said that the Maoist had set ablaze timber stock which was brought in by forest department jeep at Jimalgatta village on Monday morning. Before leaving the village, the rebels abducted the three. While under captivity, Maoists kept changing their locations.Twice, the Maoists brought of Veladi, Medhi and Yadowar to Jimalgatta and produced them before the villagers. They would threaten the villagers and take back the trio with them.However, following repeated perusal by villagers, Maoist convened the Jan Adalat and later released the three on Friday evening.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13277466", "title": "Railway employees nabbed for illegal ticket sale", "text": "NOIDA: In a crackdown on illegal sale of railway tickets, a team of the Railway Protection Force personnel and vigilance officers of Northern Railway conducted a raid at the reservation counter at Noida and arrested two people. The team reportedly recovered some copies of already printed tickets from the accused.Acting on a tip-off, the team laid a trap at the reservation counter located in Sector 33 and nabbed the two railway employees who were involved in booking reservation tickets and selling them at premium illegally. The two people have been booked under the Railways Act.Just two days ago, the railway reservation centre at Sector Beta-I in Greater Noida was also raided by the directorate of vigilance, Northern Railway. Complaints of malpractices had been repeatedly received by this directorate. Though no arrests were made, some copies of printed tickets were reportedly seized by the team.With summer vacations having begun and families going out on holidays, railway seats are getting more difficult to reserve. Residents have been complaining constantly about touts operating at both the centres. \"During vacations and long weekends, the railway reservation centre witnesses a huge rush for ticket reservation. However, even touts come out in full force,\" said Prashant Srivastava, a resident.The touts arrive every morning, around 4am, at the booking counters with application forms and are readily obliged by persons manning the ticket counters, residents alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lahore", "code": "13291470", "title": "Not playing in IPL makes Lanka series challenging: Hafeez", "text": "LAHORE: Pakistan's newly-appointed Twenty20 captain Mohammad Hafeez believes his players face a tough challenge against Sri Lanka in the coming series as they have been deprived of an opportunity to enhance their skills by not being invited to play in the IPL.\"My concern is that we last played an international series against England in February and since then we have focussed on domestic cricket events,\" Mohammad Hafeez said.\"But in comparison, players from other international teams are taking part in the IPL particularly the Sri Lankan players and that means they have a slight edge over us.\"If you compare the whole world with us, everyone is there in the IPL getting practice in intense scenarios and enhancing their skills, but our players are missing out on that opportunity,\" he added.He said this was the main reason why a conditioning camp had been set up for the players selected for Sri Lanka in Lahore despite the heat and humidity.Interestingly, Hafeez didn't take part in the national super eights Twenty20 event in Rawalpindi although most of the other Pakistan team players appeared in it and made good impressions.Rookies like Shakil Ansar, Reza Hasan and Haris Sohail have won spots in the Pakistan Twenty20 squad for Sri Lanka on basis of their showing in the super eights event and the national selectors also recalled openers Khalid Latif and Ahmed Shahzad because of their fine form in the super eights.While Pakistani players have not been invited for the IPL in its last four editions, several Sri Lankan players are taking part in the lucrative league this year including Kumar Sangakkara , Mahela Jayawardene , Tillakaratne Dilshan , Angelo Mathews , Nuwan Kulasekera and Lasith Malinga.Some Sri Lankan players like Dinesh Chandimal and Thisara Perrera are also part of other franchises though they only got a chance to play one or two games in the IPL.Pakistan's last T20 series was against England in the UAE when they lost 0-3.For the Sri Lankan tour, the national selectors in consultation with coach Dav Whatmore have picked a new look specialist squad.Hafeez said the coming tour to Sri Lanka would be a demanding one but also a good opportunity for the youngsters and comeback players to cement their places in the side.\"Overall we have a new but exciting combination for the Twenty20 matches and it will be interesting to see how they adjust to the challenge ahead.\"Hafeez said he had no doubt that he would have to play an enhanced role as captain and senior player in the Twenty20 series and set an example.He said the team would miss the experience of senior batsmen like Misbah and Younis Khan in the Twenty20 series but one had to move on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jalandhar", "code": "13278276", "title": "Factory collapse: Vij seeks more time to reply", "text": "JALANDHAR: Even as the stipulated time of one month has lapsed for completing the inquiry into the collapse of a factory building in Jalandhar on April 15 night, in which 23 persons were killed, factory owner Shital Vij on Friday sought more time from Patiala divisional commissioner S R Ladhar to submit his side of the story.The inquiry was announced by chief minister Parkash Singh Badal when he visited the collapse site on May 17, who had fixed one month's time for completing the same. The probe was originally entrusted to then Jalandhar divisional commissioner Anurag Verma, but as he had to proceed on leave for training, it was entrusted to Ladhar, who also holds additional charge of Jalandhar division. This led to a few days' delay, sources said.Though Verma had issued a notice to Vij for submitting his reply, Ladhar issued another letter on May 12 asking Vij to submit his reply by May 19. However, on Friday, Vij appeared before Ladhar with his counsel and sought two weeks' time. It is learned that Vij pleaded innocence and blamed digging on the rear side of the factory by Punjab Water Supply and Sewerage Board for collapse of the building.However, Ladhar asked him to give everything in writing and said that he could be given only one week's time as the probe was already getting delayed. He has fixed next date of hearing on May 24 and said that kin of victims or injured persons could also come to him for giving statements till then.On Friday, only one person, whose son was killed in the mishap, turned up. Varinder Yadav from Kushi Nagar, UP, had lost his son Monu Yadav. He told Ladhar that he had received compensation of Rs 1 lakh from Shital Vij and was awaiting compensation as announced by the state government. Vij's company Shital Fibres had also announced compensation of Rs 5 lakh to families of persons killed in the mishap.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13288784", "title": "Aryan Vaid clarifies shocking posts", "text": "My wife is threatening to kill me,\" said a post on Aryan Vaid's social profile page. The outrageous statement has left the actor speechless. Clarifying that his account was hacked, Aryan said that he intends to lodge a complaint with the cyber cell.\"My account was hacked and it has happened in the past also. I was sleeping when these posts wee being put up on my wall and got to know about them when I woke up with calls and messages. By the time I went online and checked, everything was deleted,\" said Aryan and added, \"My wife is a yoga teacher and very spiritual. It was a shocker for her too. We are a very happy couple and we have more of good days than bad days.\"His wife Alexandra Copley told, \"I got to know about it when I started receiving phone calls and emails from my friends. I don't know how it happened and from where it started. People stoop low and want attention and it was disheartening to see someone spreading negative news about me.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280069", "title": "Telangana issue erupts in Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telangana issue rocked Rajya Sabha on Friday with political parties blaming each other for the delay in granting of separate statehood to the region.The commotion started with Congress MP Hanumantha Rao alleging that home minister P Chidambaram's 2010 statement on creation of a separate Telangana state had come only after TDP leader Chandrababu Naidu had pledged his support to the cause.Soon after Rao, who was participating in a debate on a private member resolution, had made the statement, TDP and BJP members sought a clarification from the home minister on the issue.Rao's comment attracted the ire of TDP member Devendra Goud who said that the Congress was trying to blame his party for the home minister's statement while BJP member Prakash Javadekar said that although the Sonia Gandhi-led party was seeking the opinion of other parties on the Telangana issue, its own stand on the matter was not clear.\"All parties are present here. Let everyone, including Congress, make its stand clear,\" he said. This led to pandemonium as members launched verbal attacks against each other to force the chair to adjourn the House.After the House had reassembled, BJP member Basawaraj Patil said that the government should heed the sentiments of the people of the Telangana region. BJP member Nand Kumar Sai demanded that a separate Telangana Bill be introduced in the remaining two days of the ongoing session.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279646", "title": "\u2018Only 48% tribal homes have access to taps\u2019", "text": "MUMBAI: At a time when the state is faced with one of its worst-ever drought situations, data from Census 2011 released on Friday reveals the extent to which tribals in Maharashtra are more water-starved than others in the state. Only 48% of scheduled tribe families in the state have access to drinking water taps, compared to the state average of 68%. This is even worse for scheduled tribes (ST) in rural areas than cities, where only 37% have such access.Only 34% of ST homes receive treated water, way below the state average of 83%, indicating that tribals are among the worst- hit social groups.The crises in tribal pockets have come to the fore after recent water-related deaths in Thane district. Last month, Parvati Jadhav (31) from Mokhada, Thane, died allegedly after trekking over four km for water.Only 35% of ST homes in Thane have access to drinking water taps compared to 80% in other social groups in the district. The grouse of local groups that the drought situation in these pockets is perennial, is justified in Census findings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13281786", "title": "George slams writers' silence", "text": "KOCHI: The government chief whip P C George said that the public has raised the demand for revealing not only the killers of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan but those who ordered his killing also. He was speaking in a debate organized by Kerala Youth Welfare Council on the topic 'Politics of annihilation' here on Friday.Regarding veteran CPM leader V S Achutanandan, he said to what extent one can trust VS in this issue. Though he airs his opinion on various issues when the time comes to act he withdraws. Is he ready to respect the real communists in the state? Now the time has come for him to act, George said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282300", "title": "Teacher held on abuse charges", "text": "COIMBATORE: A 47-year-old tuition teacher was arrested on Thursday for threatening his student's relative at his tuition center in Peelamedu, here. Police said G Unnikrishnan of Vilankurichi Road in Peelamedu had completed M.com and was conducting tuition classes at Peelamedu. Over 100 students who have been studying plus two, B.com, M.com from various schools and colleges were attending the classes.One of the students's relative M Paramasivam, 49, an auto rickshaw driver of Saravanampatti, came to the tuition center on Thursday and scolded the tuition teacher who allegedly misbehaved with the students. The tuition teacher got angry with the auto driver and attacked him. He used abusive words against the auto driver and threatened him as well.Paramasivam lodged a complaint with Peelamedu police station. The police have registered a case against the tuition master and arrested him on Thursday. He has been lodged in Coimbatore central prison.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mohali", "code": "13283308", "title": "Bijoy has been a topper throughout", "text": "MOHALI: Bijoy Singh Kochar, who has bagged the second rank in the IIT's Joint Entrance Examination 2012, is apparently addicted to being a topper. Since school days, this 18-year-old has a long list of achievements to his credit.In Class X he topped his school with Cumulative Grade Point Average (CGPA) of 10 and for Class XII he expects the same. He topped All India Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana (KVPY) 2011-12 merit list and has been awarded fellowship.Bijoy is also a proud receiver of a silver medal in Asian physics Olympiad. In Class XII he stood second at state level in the fifth International Mathematical Olympiad. He ranked first at state level in the National Science Olympiad. He also topped the second level of International Olympiad of Science in 2011.He is currently at Homi Bhabha Centre for Science Education, TIFR for a national camp of International Physics Olympiad.'He posed a great challenge for us'CHANDIGARH: As the results for IIT-JEE were declared, Bijoy Singh Kochar, a resident of Mohali, his teachers and friends were all praise for him. A former student of AKSIPS School in Sector 41, Bijoy recently took his Class XII board exams from Mount Carmel School in Sector 47.His Maths teacher Mohit Sardana said, \"Bijoy posed great challenge for us while preparing question papers. We had to frame questions in a different way every time to challenge him, but he always managed to crack it.\" Bijoy has scored 100% in Mathematic paper I and II and Physics paper I in IIT JEE.AKSIPS School principal Jagjit Sekhon, said, \"Bijoy is an ideal student. The best part about him is that he loved to innovate. Besides being excellent in academics, he also took keen interest in social activities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280620", "title": "5 years on, rift surfaces between cops jailed in Sohrabuddin case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The dispute between accused IPS officials in the Sohrabuddin Sheikh fake encounter case has now began to surface after five years of imprisonment.The tiff between the two IPS officers began with one of them seeking details under the Right to Information laws about facilities given by jail authorities to another senior cop during judicial custody. This application filed before the Sabarmati central jail authorities under the RTI was a subject of discord among the cops, but a flare up took place a couple of days ago.The junior IPS, of course suspended, was playing radio in the Sardar Yard where all the senior cops have been lodged. The senior took an objection and asked the junior to reduce the volume of transistor. The later got agitated and rebuttedwith a comment that after spoiling their lives, the senior should have permitted him to live life as per his wish. This ended up in a scuffle between the two, and the jail authority had to intervene, sources said. Following this, the junior IPS officer started making allegations against the jail staff of providing facilities to the senior prisoners illegally. This forced the jail staff to conduct videography of Sardar Yard.A thorough search was conducted resulting in seizure of a television set, the radio and many other accessories. A jail official said that following this scuffle, the authorities have now decided to separate these prisoners and the possibility is that shift some of the prisoners to general yard from Sardar Yard,while the others might be shifted to other prisons in the state.The rift among the group of accused cops was visible ever since the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) took up the probe in 2010.Suspended deputy superintendent of police N K Amin proposed to become an approver and sought to be transferred from the Sabarmati central jail citing security issues. Even on the issue of shifting the trial outside Gujarat, a couple of cops have supported CBI in its bid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "boinagudem (warangal)", "code": "13280206", "title": "A day after farmer's killing, accused still roaming freely", "text": "BOINAGUDEM (WARANGAL): Young farmer Lingaraboina Shekhar suffered grievous injuries to his genitals while being beaten up by the henchmen of Devadula project contractor G Suman Rao who kicked him mercilessly, leading to instant death.However, Suman Rao, who is said to be a close associate of TDP MLA Errabelli Dayakar Rao, was still roaming free on Friday, a day after the Shekhar's death, as he has reportedly 'promised' to pay Rs 3 lakh in compensation to the deceased ryot's family after much persuasion by other contractors and sub-contractors that he 'settle' the matter. No case has been filed against him as yet.What's more, the three poclain drivers who are the alleged henchmen, have only been booked under section 324 of IPC and not under section 302 (murder). If that was not enough, Station Ghanpur police after registering a case against the three drivers - Mukul Kumar Singh, Pankaj Kumar Mishra and Chandau - are yet to take them into custody as they are looking for 'more evidence'. Following pressure from locals and top officials from the district headquarters, police are now planning to book the trio under section 302.According to police, Shekhar objected to digging being undertaken on his agricultural land in Boinagudem village arguing that he had not been given any compensation for the land to be taken away for the Devadula project.Shekhar's family lost 1.5 acres of their four acre field to the Devadula project but has not been paid any compensation for the same. Shekhar had objected to the contractor going ahead and digging up his field after damaging their borewell by running an earthmover over it.The victim's death had sparked protests amongst the angry villagers who went on a rampage to torch a poclain, a miller, a water tanker and two earth-movers at the nearby Devadula project site on Thursday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282591", "title": "Shrey Goyal takes the cake", "text": "JAIPUR: With nearly 560 students from the city clearing the IIT entrance test, there's reason to rejoice for various schools and institutes.A total of eight students from Jaipur have made it to the top 100. Shrey Goyal with a rank of 24 has topped in the city, as per records available with the coaching institutes.While Shrey is currently in Mumbai preparing for the Olympiad, his parents celebrated his success.Talking to the TOI over phone, a jubiliant Shrey credited parents and teachers for his success. \"My school teachers have been instrumental in sharpening my skills, and solving my doubts,\" said the student of Cambridge Court High School.Lauding their son for his achievement, they said Shrey worked very hard to make it to the IITs. \"He now wants to pursue IT engineering from IIT-Bombay,\" said Shrey's father Anil Goyal.\"Despite a hectic study schedule, I always asked him (Shrey) to have a sound sleep and not worry too much,\" said his mother Beena Goyal.Besides Shrey, Deepen Morwani, Nimit Kumar Singh, Prateesh Goyal, and Royal Jain are the other city toppers. While Deepan secured 30TH rank, Nimit 51st, Prateesh and Royal grabbed 53rd and 75th rank respectively.\"Students from our institute have secured good rankings. This would help them get through the top IITs in Delhi and Mumbai,\" said Ashish Gupta of FIITJEE, a coaching institute.Hard work, determination and in some instances missing out on movies and television led these students to success.\"I had completely stopped watching television. Now, when I have some time before getting admission, I can now make up everything,\" said Nimit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284617", "title": "Minister promises quick start on museum gallery work", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The much-awaited construction of proposed galleries in the state museum here would start soon, said state tourism and culture minister Prafulla Samal on the occasion of International Museum Day on Friday.Last year, the government had announced introduction of four ultra modern galleries on the museum campus to woo visitors. But the project has not yet taken off. \"Tenders would soon be floated for the work. The galleries would match international standards to attract tourists and students,\" Samal said. Sources said the government would spend around Rs 2 crore in the first phase.The proposed galleries would be christened as 'evolution of man', 'patta painting', 'freedom fighter' and 'Odisha through ages'. \"We have started collecting material, including antiques to preserve in the galleries,\" said Manjushree Samantaray, superintendent of the museum.Sources said the 'freedom fighter gallery' will be equipped with audio and visual facilities to educate visitors about the freedom fighters of Odisha.Students, who participated in the function, expressed displeasure over the shortage of curators in museums in the state. \"Government should appoint more curators and start marketing the museums properly to reflect our glorious past,\" said Nilav Banerjee, a Class XII student of DAV Chandrasekharpur here. \"Unfortunately people prefer theatres and amusement parks to museums these days due to poor sensitization,\" Banerjee added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "koraput", "code": "13284706", "title": "Jhina Hikaka to 'restrict' visits on home turf", "text": "KORAPUT: Laxmipur MLA Jhina Hikaka is likely to stay put in Bhubaneswar and restrict visits to his constituency from where he was abducted by Maoists on the night of March 23.The speculation gained ground when the government recently transferred Hikaka's wife Kaushalya to the state capital. \"Kaushalya was posted as a sikhya sahayak at Kasimusa upper primary school in Laxmipur. She was deputed to Bhubaneswar following a government order on May 14,\" said Koraput district inspector of schools Gourang Charan Mishra, refusing to speak anything more on the issue.However, sources in the administration said the government is apprehensive about the former hostage's security in Maoist-affected Koraput district. \"The Maoists had asked Hikaka to resign as an MLA before releasing him on April 26. Therefore, there is a big question mark over his safety here as long as he continues as a legislator,\" a source said.The sources added that the chief minister has extended all support to Hikaka's family, which is camping at the tribal legislator's official residence in Bhubaneswar. \"Hikaka's son studies in a private school in Bhubaneswar. Now his wife has been transferred. The MLA's father, who works in the railway department in Rayagada, is also likely to be transferred to Khurda district. This all indicates that the MLA will hardly come down to Laxmipur. If ever he visits his constituency, then it will be with enhanced security and the visit will be restricted to a day or two,\" an official said on condition of anonymity.The 37-year-old MLA, however, dismissed the speculation. \"If my wife is transferred, it doesn't mean I will never visit Laxmipur,\" Hikaka told TOI. \"I have been much traumatized after my abduction. I need a few days to recover. After that, I will go to my constituency and work for the people,\" he added.Hikaka evaded questions on his continuing as an MLA against the Maoist diktat. \"The chief minister will take a decision on it,\" he said.Earlier, the chief minister had stated that a person who has been democratically elected should not resign under pressure, hinting that the legislator will continue with his job.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "moga (punjab)", "code": "13303782", "title": "Police arrests four for placing bets on IPL matches", "text": "MOGA (PUNJAB): Police on Saturday caught red-handed four members of a gang, who were allegedly placing bets on IPL matches, during a raid at a marriage palace at Gill road.Police also recovered Rs 60,000 and seven mobile phones from the accused, which they were allegedly using for betting.SSP Moga, Surjit Singh Grewal said the police conducted the raid this afternoon on a tip-off and on seeing the police party the gang members tried to give a slip.Police, however, overpowered four of them whereas the fifth accused managed to escape.The SSP claimed that the gang members were engaged in placing bets on the IPL T20 matches and were operating in the areas of Moga and Baghapurana here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277476", "title": "Hunt on for job racket accused", "text": "MUMBAI: A week after a 25-year-old man, accused in a job scam, slipped out of a courtroom at Borivli, the police have still been unable to trace him. This is the second time the accused, James Naidu, managed to escape from custody. On October 14, 2011, he was being taken to his house at Bhagat Singh Nagar slum in Goregaon as part of investigation, when he managed to free himself of his handcuffs and escaped. Two constables had been suspended then and he was traced only in December 2011.Naidu had been remanded to judicial custody. He was brought to the 24th court at Borivali on May 11 for a hearing on charges of cheating. \"The courtroom was overcrowded and nobody realized when he slipped out. His family had been struggling to arrange for his bail amount,\" Naidu's counsel, Firoz Khan said. Khan added that there's a dearth of police guards accompanying accused persons to court, which leads to instances of escape. \"The video-conferencing facility in jails needs to be used more often,\" he said.Zonal deputy commissioner Mahesh Patil confirmed Naidu's escape and said that a case had been registered at the Borivali police station. \"We are making all possible efforts to trace Naidu's whereabouts,\" a Borivali police official said.Naidu, according to the cops, is a habitual offender with a previous criminal record. The last time that he had escaped, the Bangur Nagar police took his wife, Vaishali's, help to trace him. Through her, the police learnt that Naidu had been hiding in a slum at Chennai. \"We did not want to rush to Chennai to arrest Naidu because tracking him in a slum wouldn't have been easy. Besides, there was the apprehension that he might try to flee again. We asked Vaishali to inform us in case he phoned her,\" a Bangur Nagar police official said.\"In conversations with his wife, Naidu repeatedly urged her to come and join him in Chennai, but she was apprehensive. We expected him to come fetch his wife from Mumbai, but he did not do so. Finally we decided to set a trap for him at Chennai. We asked Vaishali to tell her husband that she would meet him on December 20 at Chennai Central station. We then disguised ourselves and boarded the Mumbai-Chennai Express along with Vaishali. Around 6.40 pm, we got off at Chennai Central railway station and kept a look out for Naidu. As soon as we spotted him, our personnel pounced on him,\" the officer recollected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13298218", "title": "KXIP vs DD: Delhi's win eliminates Punjab, ensures Mumbai's entry into knockout stage", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Pacers Umesh Yadav and Morne shared seven wickets between them before David Warner slammed 79 as Delhi Daredevils registered a comprehensive six-wicket win over Kings XI Punjab to push them out of the Indian Premier League on Saturday.Scorecard | Watch: IPL Highlights | Match in PicsDelhi overhauled the 142-run target with 10 balls to spare and ensured that they end the league engagements on top of the table with 22 points, which means that they will have two chances to make it to the title clash.Punjab needed to win Saturday's contest to stay in play-off contention but putting up just 141 for eight did not help their cause.Delhi's win has also ensured Mumbai's entry into the knockout stage as even if Mumbai lose Sunday's match against Rajasthan Royals they will still end with 18 points, which is enough to get fourth position in the table.Delhi's win has also kept CSK in the hunt. If Bangalore lose on Sunday, they will be tied on 17 points with Chennai and the defending champions will sneak into the next stage due to better Net Run-Rate.It was Delhi's pacers, who set up the win as Umesh Yadav (3/19) ripped apart the Punjab top-order and Morkel (4/20) rocked the middle and lower order.Punjab owed their total to Siddhath Chitnis (38), Azhar Mahmood (36) and Gurkeerat Singh (26), who lifted the side to a fighting score from a precarious 20 for four at one stage.Delhi openers Warner and Unmukt Chand (18) came out all guns blazing and put on a 82-run stand in nine overs to set the tone for easy win.Warner's blistering 44-ball knock was studded with 10 fours and four sixes while youngster Chand supported him well with his 24-ball knock, containing two sixes.Warner was quite harsh on Parvinder Awana, whom he hit for three sixes and four in the seventh over. The Australian was dropped in the last ball of that over when he was on 46.Mahmood dismissed Chand and later Ryan Harris (2/19) accounted for Warner and Irfan Pathan (5) but Y Venugopal Rao (21) batted sensibly to guide the side to finish line.When the Punjab side batted, the wicket at the HPCA stadium helped the pacers as the bowl swung and bounced a lot but it eased out when Warner and co. took guard.Earlier, electing to field, Delhi bowlers stuck to their task from the onset, barring a few overs in the middle, to stop Punjab from posting a big total at the HPCA stadium.Punjab were off to a worst possible start in their must-win last league fixture as they slumped to 20 for four inside the mandatory power-play. The hosts were never allowed to get off the hook by the Delhi bowlers.Punjab lost opener Mandeep Singh (0) in the second over of the match to Umesh, who induced an edge that was taken by wicketkeeper Naman Ojha.Skipper Adam Gilchrist (9) departed in the fourth over bowled by Umesh when he went for the pull but only ending up getting a top-edge that was lapped up by Varun Aaron at mid-on.Paul Valthaty's miserable run in the tournament continued as he was caught by Irfan Pathan at third-man off Morkel while trying an upper cut.Umesh made the matter worse for the hosts as he got the dangerman David Hussey (3) caught at mid-on by Pathan to leave Punjab tottering at 20 for four.With his team struggling, Chitnis strode to the crease and responded to the situation by running a few quick singles and hitting the occasional boundaries.Chitnis, along with Mahmood, tried to take Kings XI to a comfortable position but the Maharashtra player holed out to fine-leg fielder Pathan off the bowling of Andre Russell after being involved in a 57-run stand.Chitnis' 32-ball knock was laced with one six and five fours. After his dismissal of Chitnis, Mahmood and Gurkeerat tried to provide the late flourish, but the Delhi bowlers were equal to the task.Ryan Harris accumulated 15 runs off the last over bowled by Umesh to take his team past 140.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280493", "title": "Telangana issue rocks Rajya Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Telangana issue rocked Rajya Sabha on Friday with political parties blaming each other for delay in granting separate statehood to the region.The commotion started with Congress MP Hanumantha Rao alleging that home minister P Chidambaram's statement on creation of a separate Telangana state was given in 2010 after TDP leader Chandrababu Naidu pledged his support for it.Soon Rao, participating in a debate on private member's resolution, made the statement, the members from TDP and BJP sought a clarification from the home minister on the issue.Congress MP said Chidambaram had made the statement about starting the process of creation of Telangana on December 9, 2010, after Naidu said on December 7 that he will support it.Rao's comment attracted the ire of TDP member Devendra Goud T who said that Congress was trying to blame his party for the home minister's statement, demanding clarification from Chidambaram.BJP member Prakash Javadekar (BJP) said Congress was seeking opinion of other parties on the Telangana issue but its own stand was not clear.\"All parties are present here and let everyone, including Congress, make its stand clear,\" he said.This led to pandemonium with members from both sides attacking each other, forcing the chair to adjourn the House.When the House reassembled, Rao said political leaders should find a solution to the problem.BJP member Basawaraj Patil said the government should heed the sentiments of the people agitating for Telangana statehood and wondered why the government has not so far listened to their demand.TDP's Y S Chowdhury said industrial growth in Telangana region has declined and students have committed suicide but the government was sitting as a mute spectator.He said the Centre's contention that Telangana would be created only after \"unanimity\" is arrived cannot be the ground for the creation of the state.He was contested by vocal Congress MP Renuka Chaudhury who said the opposition was trying to mislead the House.Congress MP Mohammad Ali Khan raised question about the intention of the NDA government and parties such as TDP and TRS on creation of Telangana.BJP member Nand Kumar Sai demanded a Bill on creation of Telangana state in the remaining two days of the ongoing Parliament session.He said both Telangana and Andhra Pradesh would continue to prosper as separate regions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13278376", "title": "Delhi aim top spot as Punjab look to stay alive", "text": "DHARAMSALA: For Punjab, it might become a case of so near yet so far. After their crucial victory over Chennai, even if they stun the table-toppers Delhi at the HPCA stadium on Saturday in their final league match, they may not be able to make it to the playoffs. That is because of their negative run-rate.As for Delhi, they are assured of at least a second spot. For them, the result of their last game will not matter much. But they would like to go into the playoffs (Qualifier 1 in Pune on May 22) with a win behind them and as the top-placed team, rather than with two successive defeats, after losing to Bangalore at home on Thursday night.Despite the near-hopeless situation Punjab are in, they would like to go out with a bang rather than a whimper. And what better way than overcoming title favourites Delhi, who are again likely to be without Virender Sehwag who is unwell.Though the toss played a big role in deciding the fate of Thursday's match against Chennai, it was the performance of the Punjab seamers that turned the tide. Adam Gilchrist would be hoping for a similar effort from his bowlers, and of course, for the coin to fall in his favour.\"The way all four seamers bowled was heartening. Praveen Kumar has regained his knack of picking up early wickets while Parvinder Awana has been going from strength to strength. The other two, Ryan Harris and Azhar Mahmood, have been bowling well. If the foursome can do an encore, we can tame the mighty Delhi batting too,\" Gilchrist said on the eve of the match.As for their chances of qualifying for the playoffs, Gilchrist said that the first priority was to win the game. \"The rest is in the hands of fate. We need to play our best and then hope for the best.\"For Delhi, the loss to Bangalore on Thursday was just an aberration. \"We ran into Chris Gayle in top flight. He just batted us out of the game. But we almost chased down the huge total. That was a major plus for us from the game, along with Ross Taylor finally striking form,\" said stand-in skipper Mahela Jayawardene.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284429", "title": "Poor show: Only 219 clear state eligibility test", "text": "PUNE: An appalling 0.69% out of the total 31,520 candidates has cleared the state eligibility test (SET), the results of which were declared by the University of Pune on Friday evening.The test was held on November 27, 2011.The success rate translates into 219 passed candidates and represents the lowest ever performance in the SET so far.Usually, the SET passing percentage has hovered between 1% and 4% in the last one decade and more. This has always been an area of concern in the wake of the ever widening gap between the demand for good teachers and availability of qualified candidates in senior colleges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "margao", "code": "13281626", "title": "Reginaldo gets religion into health department dispute", "text": "MARGAO: Refusing to accept chief minister Manohar Parrikar's statement on the appointment of director of health services, Curtorim MLA Aleixo Reginaldo Lourenco has said that Parrikar, who talks of \"zero tolerance to corruption\", had no moral right to deny Dr Ruando de Sa his rightful promotion to DHS even though it may be only for three months.Replying to Reginaldo's charge that the chief minister had favoured Dr Sanjiv Dalvi by appointing him as director of health services when de Sa was senior to him, Parrikar's reply was that he couldn't have appointed him (de Sa) for three months as he would be retiring in a few months from now.Lourenco further chose to remind Parrikar that he should not blame Congress government's record for the seniority tag of Dalvi as it was Parrikar's previous government's misdeeds in 2000 that placed Dalvi above de Sa in the seniority list.Lourenco brought copies of government records to substantiate his claims, stating that the Catholic community would feel a big letdown.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13299972", "title": "Adele's Vogue cover was one of worst selling ever", "text": "Despite her massive chart success, Adele's popularity seems to have failed to translate to the fashion industry after the Vogue cover featuring her proved to be one of the worst sellers of all time.The 24-year-old singer is one of the world's most popular singers, has a four times platinum album, and recently added two Ivor Novello gongs to the groaning shelves of her awards cabinet.At a talk in London on Thursday night, the fashion magazine's editor Alexandra Shulman admitted that fame doesn't necessarily translate into sales.\"Adele is the most popular woman in the world, but one of the worst sellers we've ever had,\" the Daily Mail quoted vogue.co.uk as reporting.\"I find there has to be a relationship with the person on the cover that goes beyond how they look.Music stars haven't sold at all well.\"Our most successful cover was the millennium issue - which didn't have anyone on it, but acted like a mirror so you could see your own reflection!\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13281799", "title": "Rajendran raps minister for T P Chandrasekharan jibe", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The AITUC general secretary Kanam Rajendran slammed union minister of state for home affairs Mullappally Ramachandran for his statement over the murder of RMP leader T P Chandrasekharan. He was speaking at the meet conducted by Kerala Youth Welfare Council here on Friday.While, addressing a meeting as part of the fast observed by KPCC president Ramesh Chennithala at Vadakara on Thursday, the minister had said that only small fry had been caught in the murder case and added that efforts should be made to catch the big sharks.Kanam said it was unbecoming for a union minister for making such a statement in connection with a murder case. He should have maintained moderation in talking, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13304545", "title": "Bahraich bus inferno: Violation of safety norms suspected as death toll rose to 17", "text": "LUCKNOW: Even as the death toll in the Bahraich bus inferno rose to 17, which included six children and two women, the district administration on Saturday ordered a magisterial inquiry into the incident. It has also decided to conduct the DNA test for identification of the bodies charred beyond recognition. While 56 people with burn and physical injuries were admitted to the Bahraich district hospital, two critically injured were referred to the district hospital in Lucknow.The private bus was carrying pilgrims from Sultanpur, Ambedkarnagar and Faizabad to the sufi shrine of Ghazi Miyan in Bahraich. Later, they were to visit sufi shrine in Ajmer in Rajasthan. The bus lost control near Chilwarai area on Bahraich-Gonda highway and collided with a truck parked outside a sugar mill. After collision, there was a blast and the bus caught fire. While some passengers managed to come out from the windows, those stuck were burnt alive.The tragic incident has once again brought to the light how private bus operators in UP flout safety norms and road transport officials have failed to enforce the minimum standards. On April 29, 20 people were killed when two buses rammed into each other in Gorakhpur. It was later revealed that the private bus was overloaded in violation of safety norms. In Bahraich incident, it has also come to the fore that the private bus was overloaded and carrying inflammable items.According to the district magistrate, Bahriach, Kinjal Singh, over 70 persons were said to be in the bus having capacity of around 60. Initial inquiry has revealed that the passengers were carrying LPG cylinders, petromax and kerosene oil for cooking food. The blast was apparently caused by the LPG cylinder and fire spread within seconds due to petromax and kerosene. The blast damaged bus and twisted metal blocked the exit. Many who were trapped inside the bus died.The accident took place at around 10.30pm on Friday. \"Many bodies were completely charred. We recovered 14 bodies and the remains of two infants from under the debris of the bus. The bodies have been sent for autopsy. The DNA tests of unidentified bodies are being conducted. Rescuers worked all night using gas cutting to reach victims in the blackened and twisted metal wreck. The two critical passengers were referred to Lucknow, of which one died on Saturday.The minister of the state, labour department, Vaqar Ahmad Shah, on behalf of chief minister Akhikesh Yadav visited the patients in the district hospital in Bahraich and later told TOI that all the injured would be provided free treatment by the government. A compensation of Rs one lakh and Rs 50,000 will be given to the family of the deceased and injured respectively. Deputy collector Mehsi Ghanshyam Tripathi has been appointed for the investigation into the incident.A rescued passengers Reshma told mediapersons that she thinks that only 20 to 25 people managed to survive. Mehdi Raza, another rescued passenger, said that there were about 80 people in the bus when the accident took place. The superintendent of police, Bahraich, BP Kanaujia said 16 bodies have been recovered, including that of seven women.Meanwhile, on Friday night, angry locals blocked the highway to protest delay in arrival of administrative help after the accident. They claimed that only one fire tender arrived after half-an-hour of the accident. It ran out of extinguisher and could not douse the flames. Later, one more fire tender arrived along with five ambulances and a team of doctors. Senior officers, they said, came two hours late. Locals on their own rescued some passengers and took them to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280004", "title": "Notorious criminal murdered", "text": "HYDERABAD: In an incident that rattled the Old City residents, notorious criminal Mohd Kaja Nayeemuddin alias Maruti Nayeem, allegedly involved in more than 140 criminal cases, was murdered reportedly by his close associate at Rein Bazaar in the wee hours of Friday.The victim was nicknamed 'Maruti' due to his penchant for stealing vehicles of the said car manufacturer.Rein Bazaar police said the murder took place around 5 am when Nayeem, who was walking towards Super Bazaar near Isamia college, was allegedly attacked by his associate Mohammed Tareeq alias Babu with a butcher knife, chased and his head smashed with a boulder.Police said there was a trail of blood from the point where Nayeem was first attacked by Tareeq till where he collapsed. According to police, the duo developed differences over sharing of the loot they accumulated by snatching, vehicle lifting and other criminal acts for the last several months. \"It was purely a case of difference of opinion over sharing of the booty. We are still to find out as to where was Nayeem going on foot at 5 am when he was attacked,'' Rein Bazaar inspector AP Anand Kumar said.In all, Nayeem suffered 20 slash and stab injuries on his forehead, ears, nose, wrist, stomach and legs.The murder took place exactly a month after Nayeem and Tareeq came out of jail after securing bail in a snatching case registered at Falaknuma police station.Nayeem was arrested on several occasions in the past for lifting vehicles, snatchings and burglaries.He is said to use his time in jail to lure other convicts and undertrials to join his gang after coming out on bail.A resident of Yakutpura, Nayeem used to first steal vehicles and then use them to carry out snatching and burglary.He used to lead a lavish life by selling the stolen property. It is learnt that Tareeq surrendered before the police and is in their custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284614", "title": "Unsafe portions of Emar mutt demolished", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The government on Friday pulled down unsafe portions of Emar mutt in front of the Jagannath temple in Puri. The 700-year-old religious institution had hogged headlines after police discovered 522 silver ingots worth over Rs 90 crore on its premises last year.Armed with an Orissa High Court order, the Puri administration razed some portions of the two-storied building amid tight security. The administration had been unsuccessfully trying to demolish Emar Mutt since 2006. But the process was earlier stopped after the mutt authorities got stay orders from court.\"This time the mutt's chief (Mahant) Ramanuj Gopal Das cooperated with the district administration and allowed us to demolish the unsafe portions. In the first phase, 18 shops functioning on the ground floor of the mutt would be demolished,\" Puri sub-collector Udaya Kumar Majhi told TOI. \"The mutt will construct new shops where the displaced shopkeepers would be rehabilitated,\" Majhi said.\"The high court has given me permission to construct shops and market complexes for the convenience of tourists. The Puri Konark Development Authority has been asked to approve the proposed building plan,\" said Mahant Ramanuj Das, who was earlier arrested on charges of smuggling the silver ingots from mutt to outside. The government had then suspended him from the post of Mahant and recently reinstated him to look after the mutt.Some citizens said that the government should demolish the entire structure spread over seven acres of land and construct a new building, including accommodation centres. \"The entire Emar mutt is unsafe. Every year thousands of people clamber up the terrace to watch Rath Yatra. Who will be responsible if the building collapses,\" asked Sailendra Narayan Acharya of Puri.Non-Hindus, who are not allowed to enter Jagannath temple, use the mutt's rooftop for an aerial view of the shrine. \"Foreigners often risk their lives to see the temple from outside by climbing the rickety staircase of the mutt. The old building should be demolished for the safety of visitors,\" Acharya added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13297631", "title": "Redington Gulf ends distribution pact with Nokia", "text": "MUMBAI: IT products distributor Redington India said its overseas subsidiary Redington Gulf's distribution pact with Finnish handset maker Nokia has been discontinued, which will negatively impact its sales in the current fiscal.RGF has now partnered with Korean handset maker Samsung to distribute the latter's products in the African region, Redington India said in a filing to the BSE.Nokia prefers single-brand distributors for its mobile phones.\"Inspite of our best efforts to convince Nokia, they have decided to discontinue the distribution contract with RGF with immediate effect,\" Redington said.Redington Gulf distributes IT products for brands like HP , Acer, Samsung, Western Digital , Cisco and Avaya, while Nokia was the only telecom client.\"We estimate this development (Samsung's appointment and Nokia's exit) to have a negative impact of about 3.5 per cent on the expected consolidated sales and profits of the company for the financial year 2012-13,\" the filing said.Redington India posted a net profit of Rs 67.81 crore for the quarter ended December 31, 2011, while its total income stood at Rs 5,738.83 crore.For 2010-11, the company's net profit stood at Rs 226 crore, while total income was Rs 17,458.54 crore.The company's shares closed at Rs 84.20 a piece, down one per cent from the previous close on the BSE.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278284", "title": "Madhya Pradesh has 56% anaemic women", "text": "INDORE: Neglected approach towards girl child in family is putting life of females at risk. Poor diet and low level of iron in blood are leading to anaemia and ultimately high maternal deaths in the state. Anaemic pregnant women not only give birth to underweight babies resulting premature birth but anemia also to infant deaths.According to the National Family Health Survey (NFHS), Madhya Pradesh registers 56 per cent anaemic women in the age group of 15 to 49 years, which is 0.7 per cent more than national average.Nearly 46.9 per cent urban and 59.6 per cent rural women population in state are anaemic. The survey has classified the anaemic patients caste-wise, which too is alarming. 46.3 per cent women of general caste in state are anaemic, while tribal population of state records 73.9 per cent anaemia.Health experts say, pregnancy causes haemo-dilution due to which haemoglobin too goes down. Improper diet and not taking folic acid capsule during pregnancy contributes highly to maternal deaths. Dr Sumitra Yadav, associate professor, Obs and Gynae department, Maharaja Yeshwantrao Hospital says, \"Due to negligence, the level of anaemia among women is high in state than the national average. After three months of pregnancy, folic acid capsules should be given. This helps in blood loss,\" she says.Doctors say it is more of nutritional anaemia and also occur due to worm infestation. Even the literate population living in cities does not take proper diet. The diet that they take is normally deficient in B-complex and protein. They kill nutritive value of food by overcooking, using excessive oil and rich spices. Dr Ruma Shukla, consultant gynaecologist, says, \"Protein and Iron content are advised to maintain standard level of haemoglobin. One should cook food using lid, eat boiled food or food with less spices and avoid overcooking of food.\" Jaggery is good for anaemic patients, she adds.The state government itself has accepted anaemia as one of the major reasons of high MMR in the state. According to state assembly revelations, state had 335 MMR (per 1 lakh live births) during the year 2004-06 as per Sample Registration Survey (SRS) and it declined to 310 MMR in the year 2007-09 as per the Annual Health Survey, 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300884", "title": "Bakul Thakkar in Hum Ne Li Hai\u2026Shapath", "text": "'Hum Ne Li Hai...Shapath' aired on Life OK channel has tough cops fight a flawed system has roped in talented actor Bakul Thakkar to play a negative role in the bi-weekly. Thakkar has also been a part of YRF's 'Seven'.In the upcoming episodes of 'Hum Ne Li Hai...Shapath' , the serial will focus on the story of a brave kid who helps the cops in reaching out to the criminals. The story will revolve around a family who gets kidnapped by a terrorist group who demand the release of a famous scientist in exchange for the family's freedom.Sources confirm that the shooting for the show has begun and the episode will be aired next week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283184", "title": "Rs 1.96 crore settles 200 complaints", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Dealing a major jolt to the investigation agency, a total 200 complaints out of 232 against the owners of leading travel firm, Healthyway Immigration Consultants, have been settled and complainants have refused to pursue the cases against prime accused Amit Kakkar. The officials of the firm have paid a total Rs 1.96 crore to 200 complainants.The owner of Healthyway Immigration, Amit Kakkar, was arrested and his family members booked for allegedly cheating hundreds of people on August 16, 2011. Meanwhile, a total 10 FIRs were registered against Kakkar, who is still lodged in Model Burail Jail. The bail applications of accused have been rejected several times.The alleged racket was unearthed by special investigation team of CID wing of Chandigarh police. DSP (CID) Anil Joshi confirmed the development, but maintained, \"There is strong evidence against Kakkar. Ten chargesheets have been filed against him.\"Apart from Kakkar, investigation agency had also arrested four private financers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13295144", "title": "Will look to upset RCB's playoff chances: White", "text": "HYDERABAD: They have ended Rajasthan Royals' hopes of making the playoffs and Deccan Chargers stand-in skipper Cameron White said his team would now seek to upset the chances of Royal Challengers Bangalore when the two sides clash in an IPL league match on Sunday.Chargers on Friday dashed the hopes of Rajasthan Royals of making it to the playoffs by sealing a comprehensive five-wicket victory at the Rajiv Gandhi International stadium at Uppal.\"When you are at the bottom of the table there is the hope to upset some other people's tournament. It's unfortunate that it happened to Rajasthan today and hopefully we can finish with a win to finish the competition on Sunday,\" White said.\"We need to win (match against RCB) and that's our main goal,\" he told reporters in the post-match press conference.Asked about their plans to control the destructive Chris Gayle , White said they have a strategy ready for the West Indian swashbuckler.\"It will be a modified plan and the team meeting will discuss on that. He (Gayle) is batting really well.\"On their win against Royals, White said \"It was a good win and Dale Steyn performed well with his spell of four overs which was a big part of the game. We played well and it was nice to combine with bat and ball in this game.\"\"We lost a few games pretty badly and this is the third victory which is really nice,\" White said.Some of the younger Indian players performed well in the match -- both Akshath Reddy and Shikhar Dhawan contributed well with the bat.\"It was a bat first wicket and if Rajasthan Royals had got another 20-25 runs more towards 150, I think it would had been a difficult chase,\" he said.Asked about Kumar Sangakkara , who did not play against Royals, White said, \"Kumar is having a rest and I am pretty sure he will be back for the RCB match and captain the next game.\"After losing their must-win encounter against Chargers, Rajasthan captain Rahul Dravid said, \"It was disappointing. We knew we had to win this game to have any chance of going into the playoffs. I would have really loved to go to Jaipur with a win here and have a chance to play the last match there to qualify.\"\"That was not to be and that's life. But we did not play well enough to win against Chargers. We did not put our best performance with the bat and it showed,\" he felt.\"But full credit should go to our team for the way we fought this IPL-V season. Guys have worked really hard and I think we surprised a lot of people but for this day today we will be disappointed. But, when we look back on the whole season there are lot of positives we can take from.\"Reacting to another query, Dravid said \"It was a bat-first wicket. Had we got about 150 runs, that would have been a pretty good score. 125 is not enough.\"He praised the Chargers saying, \"They (Deccan Chargers) bowled really well in the first six overs. Mishra then bowled well in the middle over and took a couple of key wickets. It was a good performance from Deccan Chargers, they fielded very well, bowled well and got off to a great start. Credit must go to them as they were the better team today.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280502", "title": "Daylight murder in Regent Park home", "text": "KOLKATA: A security guard, hired by a promoter to protect the owner of a Rs 11.6-crore property, was murdered in front of dozens of eyewitnesses in Regent Park near Tollygunge on Friday morning. A young tenant of the building - 22-year-old college student Rudra Narayan Banerjee - was arrested on the basis of witness reports. The case, however, seems far from an open-and-shut one.Rudra's grandmother, 80-year-old Shanta Mukherjee, had apparently accepted a deal to clear out of the 29-cottah property.Mukherjee - who is related to Deshbandhu Chittaranjan Das - has been running the Narmada English Medium School from the same building for 40 years. She moved in as a tenant 55 years ago and has since acquired nearly 5 cottah of the plot. Moreover, if Rudra was driven to murder, why kill the security guard rather than the landlord?However, police have multiple eyewitness reports that Rudra - known in the locality as ET - stabbed guard Dinesh Jha with a knife as Mukherjee stood by with a stick in her hand. Rudra even threatened policemen with the weapon and then roamed about in blood-soaked clothes, police say.Jha was employed by a local promoter in March to guard Rudra's 60-year-old landlord Gautam Bose. He was having tea in the first-floor portico around 8am on Friday when Rudra attacked him from behind, say police. Passersby on the road saw the attack. Bose watched the murder helplessly and then called the promoter, who informed police.The first police team that arrived to arrest Rudra beat a hasty retreat when he charged at them with a knife. Reinforcements arrived and subdued him. \"He was arrested on basis of eyewitness reports. His clothes were drenched in blood. He will be interrogated on whether there was any provocation,\" said ACP Samir Gupta. Police are treading with care on his grandma. Rudra is a final-year mathematics student at Netajinagar College.Bose and his family have reportedly entered into an agreement with the promoter for the sprawling plot. But the tenants, Rudra and Shanta Mukherjee, refused to move out in spite of several eviction suits.Then the duo was offered ownership of a G+3 building and another 8,000 square feet space for their school. Police have been told that Mukherjee agreed but Rudra opposed it.Dinesh's family is in Bihar. Bose stayed alone in the first-floor after the death of his mother in March (after which the guard was employed). His only kin - a sister - stays in Pune. Bose's extended families (nearly 9 others) have a stake in the property. Mukherjee stayed in the ground-floor alone with her grandson, she run her school from there. Her daughter had died and her son-in-law Sambhu Banerjee is estranged. Dinesh's body was send for post mortem. The detective department's Homicide Squad is also probing the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13278778", "title": "Three held for assaulting cop", "text": "MADURAI: Three men, including an army personnel were arrested in Madurai for assaulting a policeman near a temple.The three were in an inebriated state and were allegedly teasing women passing by on Thursday night and were also causing a public nuisance by quarrelling with the people there. When a policeman regulating the crowd intervened and instructed them to move away, he was assaulted. Police said a large number of people had thronged the Chithira Rathavallaba Perumal temple at Kuruvithurainar Sholavandhan in view of the 'Guru peyarchi' festival.Gopisamy (24), son of Muthu of Nattarpatti of Dindigul, an army personnel serving in Kashmir who had come down on holiday was visiting the temple along with Karthikeyan (23) and Veeranan. Karthikeyan was studying in a college near Usilampatti, while Veeranan was pursuing his UG course at a college in Madurai.Police personnel involved in crowd management had warned the trio to move away from the locality. The three had then picked up a quarrel with Malasamy, one of the policemen and assaulted him. They tried to flee in the melee, but Malaisamy caught the three. They were handed over to the police at Kadupatti station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293686", "title": "Rati Agnihotri's son in Ek Duuje Ke Liye remake?", "text": "Some films remain etched in memory. One such is the 1981 cult romantic hit Ek Duuje Ke Liye starring Rati Agnihotri and Kamal Hassan . At a time when remakes appear to be ruling the roost in Btown, this yesteryear film has suddenly grabbed eyeballs, what with several producers vying for a remake.What's more, we can also reveal that the very actress who made her first Bollywood splash with the superhit, is now set to produce the remake that will see her son Tanuj Virwani playing Kamal Hassan's role.When contacted, Business Head of the Prasad Group did not deny Rati Agnihotri is one of the interested parties. However, he only said, \"At this point of time, we are talking to three parties who are interested in remaking Ek Duuje Ke Liye . These are very recent developments. I will be able to talk about this only when we close the deal properly.\"This notwithstanding, if insiders are to be believed, Agnihotri is the closest to sealing the deal as producer of the remake. \"At this point of time, Rati has decided to be Creative Consultant on the remake of Ek Duuje Ke Liye . She will virtually be in complete charge of the project,\" a source from the trade.Meanwhile, Tanuj, who will set foot in Bollywood with Joe Rajan's romantic comedy Luv U Soniyo where he plays a Catholic boy, is busy gearing up to step into Hassan's shoes for his role in the remake. \"The boy is extremely talented. The Ek Duuje Ke Liye remake will be a big break for him,\" said the source. The original Ek Duuje Ke Liye directed by K Balachander and produced by L V Prasad was a runaway success. The love story between a Tamil boy (Hassan's Vasu) and a North Indian girl (Rati's Sapna) was well received except for the tragic end where, met with opposition from their families, the two end their lives by jumping off a cliff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282842", "title": "Five youths killed in accident", "text": "JAIPUR: Five youth were killed in an accident on National Highway 8 near Kotputli on Friday when their car rammed into a truck.The victims were identified as Atul Arya (23), Jitendra Janghid (25), Kamal Arya (25), Hans's raj Meena (25) and Deepak Kumar (25). According to the police, the accident happened around 4.30 pm near Kanwarpura, when the youth were going towards Khotpuli from Jaipur in a car. The car jumped the divider and hit a truck coming towards Jaipur and all the victims died on the spot.Laxmi Saini, SHO of Khotpuli, said \"The car got misbalanced and jumped the divider. However, the reason is still not clear. Also, we have not received a complaint yet. The investigation will only be started after receiving a complaint from the relatives.\" Three of the victims belonged to Khotpuli district, while two hailed from Alwar district.One of the victims Hans Raj Meena (25) was recently married May 4. It was reported the car was speeding and as it jumped the divider, it came in front of the truck all of a sudden.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13276757", "title": "Arnold Schwarzenegger picks Punjab hulk as his brand ambassador", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Growing up in a small, isolated village in Austria, Arnold Schwarzenegger took to bodybuilding for a better life. Perhaps it is his own amazing rags to riches story that has made Schwarzenegger pick Jalandhar-based bodybuilder and Punjabi film actor Varinder Singh Ghumman as the brand ambassador of his health products and food supplements in Asia.Schwarzenegger, who also served as the 38th Governor of California from 2003 until 2011, has tagged the 6 ft 3 Ghumman as \"an amazing talent from India\" on Facebook.The Terminator has also tagged clips of Ghumman's upcoming movie 'Kabaddi Once Again'. Obviously, Ghumman considers it a great honour for Punjabi cinema coming straight from Hollywood. \"It's a great thing for regional Punjabi cinema to be recognised by the Hollywood star. He appreciated my physique and was surprised to see that India was producing athletes of such big built. The contract is in the final stages and will be signed soon. I hope to popularise bodybuilding in India,\" Ghumman said.He will be acting in another Punjab film 'Fateh the victory' soon. The Gurdaspur-born bodybuilder had Salman Khan in awe two years back when his personal trainer introduced him to the celebrity on the sets of Dabbang near Pune, where Ghumman had attended a bodybuilding show as a chief guest. The strapping Punjab lad claims to be totally vegetarian and that struck a chord with Arnold during his meeting in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13295251", "title": "IITM takes up climate study aiming better crop, water resources", "text": "PUNE: Weather scientists at the Indian Institute of Tropical Meteorology are studying high resolution climate projections over South Asian Monsoon region which is expected to contribute to future crop and water management and planning in India.The study undertaken is part of the World Meteorological Organization ( WMO ) Coordinated Regional Climate Downscaling Experiment (CORDEX) for which Centre for Climate Change Research (CCCR) of IITM is acting as a nodal agency for South Asia .\"The futuristic dimension of this project spanning next 20-25 years will help the country in better planning of crop and water resources and also aid more accurate monsoon predictions, resulting from the use of high resolution models,\" R Krishnan, executive director CCCR said.Aided by Union ministry of Earth Sciences which funds IITM, the study, launched in February, will facilitate generation of high resolution regional climate projections with involvement of various cliamte modelling and impact assessment groups from India and other countries including Norway , Australia, Japan and Germany.\"Running global climate model is an expensive proposition. This CORDEX project holds importance for us because South Asian countries need more monsoon information on regional scale for their agricultural planning,\" noted Krishnan, adding the time frame of the study is tentatively worked out at five years.The CORDEX study will involve use of high resolution (with every grid area of 30-35 km) aiming accuracy and precision in the Asian monsoon projections.Since rainfall projections over smaller areas is a complex task, multiple high resolution models to study atmosphere , wind and humidity in the CORDEX experiment assumes importance as they provide greater reliability in respect of regional climate changes, Krishnan observed.The inputs gathered from high resolution models will also include information about climate extremes such as heat waves, drought, floods and storms that could impact the country's economy.Apart from providing a more reliable data on regional climate change, the CORDEX project will also help in quantifying uncertainties in the model projections, thus further aiding the impact assessment studies focusing on agricultural sector and water resource management as the inputs will be fed to Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Changes ( IPCC ).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277675", "title": "Artists pour scorn over cartoon controversy", "text": "NEW DELHI: If the government finds it difficult to stomach cartoons, Friday's event at the Press Club could have given it a heart attack. Media professionals, cartoonists, chronic doodlers and a few students got together to cock a snook at parliamentarians by drawing cartoons of them, their handling of the country and lampooning the recent furore over a caricature. Organized by the Foundation for Media Professionals, \"Draw to Demonstrate\" attracted about 40 participants.Given the green signal to be unsparing in their criticism, the cartoonists went all out to express their scorn. Paresh Nath, cartoonist for a newspaper, drew a set of netas with Nehru caps holding and presumably reading from an upside-down NCERT textbook while standing on a mound of \"black money\" and \"corruption\". The text says, \"Oye! Cartoons in textbooks! They may lower our position.\" Nath's cartoons have been used in textbooks abroad.Freelancing cartoonist Irfan Khan drew an old man telling a child a bedtime story. It starts with \"There were 545 kings in our country\". Khan's cartoon was a comment on the absolutist attitude of politicians. \"The controversy indicates a move towards greater censorship in the country,\" says Khan. The Class XI textbook which stands to lose some its caricatures has three of his cartoons-all in Hindi and on general politics.Ashok Kumar who teaches art to kids at the NGO Project Concern India managed to pull off three pieces. The first, an elaborate one with different groups dragging Parliament house, shows, as he explains, \"Sansad Bhawan ko har koi kheech raha hai.\" He made two others-one on the depreciating value of the rupee and another on the mediapersons present at the venue. \"I came up with the topics at the venue itself,\" he says.The organizers have decided to give away two prizes-best cartoon on news media and best cartoon on the politics of control. Entries have been invited from colleges too. Numerous journalists flitted in and out of the venue insisting that cartoons are funny but cartooning is as serious as regular journalism. Yogendra Yadav, who resigned from his position of adviser to NCERT, attended the event clutching a stack of NCERT textbooks.The bone of contention, Ambedkar, also found mention in the works. Cartoonist Sumit Kumar dedicated an entire strip-\"A Day in the Life of Ambedkar\"-to Babasaheb doing random things like brushing his teeth. He then rushes to office, fights Nehru, gives directions to followers, reads the papers and finally says, \"Getting pissed over a cartoon? Never!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284766", "title": "Heat makes life tough in state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The heatwave continued to sweep the state for the third consecutive day on Friday with mercury touching 46 degree Celsius in Titlagarh and Sambalpur towns. The weatherman warned that there would be no respite from the scorching heat for at least two more days.According to unconfirmed reports, at least 41 people have died of sunstroke during summer this year. The government has confirmed only two deaths, one each in Angul and Balangir districts. The heat is so terrible that roads and markets wear a deserted look during the day.Titlagarh, considered one of the hottest pockets in the state, on Friday recorded the day's highest of 46.5 degree Celsius in the state. This temperature in May is also the highest recorded in the town in the past three years. This town in May 13, 2010 recorded 45.5 degree Celsius, official sources said. Similarly, Sambalpur recorded 46 degree Celsius, which was highest in May in the past two years. Sambalpur in May 2011 recorded the highest of 44.7 degree Celsius.Mercury level in at least seven other towns crossed 44 degree Celsius. While Hirakud and Sonepur recorded 45.8 degree Celsius and 45.4 degree, Angul (44.7), Bhawanipatna (44.5), Balangir and Jharsuguda (44.4) and Sundargarh (44) were among the other hottest pockets on Friday. Several other parts in interior and western parts sizzled with temperature invariably above 40 degree. Bhubaneswar touched 41.4 degree.Weathermen said the heat wave would continue for two more days. \"Heatwaves are likely to continue in western and interior pockets for the next two days,\" said local meteorology director Sarat Chandra Sahu. Thundersquall accompanied by hail and gusty surface wind speed above 60 km per hour may occur at one or two places over coastal Odisha but there would be no respite from the heat in these parts as well, he said.The state government issued a fresh alert to the district administration asking them to review the heat wave condition on a daily basis and take adequate steps to ensure drinking water, oral rehydration salts in hospitals and treatment facilities to those affected by the heat.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13302265", "title": "Vindhya Tewari in Star Plus\u2019 upcoming show", "text": "Producers Deeya and Tony Singh have roped in big names like Kanwaljit Singh, Supriya Pilgaonkar and Chhavi Mittal for their upcoming show on Star Plus. Talented actress Vindhya Tewari of 'Maryada' fame is apparently the latest addition to the star cast. As Jaya, Vindhya will essay the role of Zorawar Singh (Kanwaljit Singh) and Amrit Singh's (Supriya Pilgaonkar) youngest daughter. She will be paired opposite Karan Singh and the two will play husband and wife on the show.When contacted Vindhya, she confirmed the news and said, \"Yes, I am doing the show but it's too early to comment on my role or the show.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13295334", "title": "Indian origin British civil servant chosen as president of European Bank for Reconstruction and Development", "text": "LONDON: A British citizen of Indian origin Suma Chakrabarti was chosen out of a group of five candidates to become the new president of the European Bank for Reconstruction and Development .63 government shareholders of the bank chose Chakrabarti as the new head.According to the Wall Street Journal , Chakrabarti is the top civil servant at the Ministry of Justice in UK and prior to that was a top official at the Department for International Development .The outcome marked a rare setback for the French and German governments as they had backed Philippe de Fontaine Vive Curtaz, a French citizen who works at the European Investment Bank.The EBRD was established in 1991 to help countries emerging from Communism make the transition from centrally planned to market economies.Although most of its shareholders are European governments, its largest single shareholder is the US government .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13283696", "title": "Two youths murdered in separate incidents in Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: Two youths were murdered in Bhosari in separate incidents. Both the murders took place on Thursday night. One was a fallout of previous rivalry, while the police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the other.The first incident of murder took place on Alandi-Bhosari road around 11.30 pm on Thursday, in which a 19-year-old helper from a private company was bludgeoned to death by two unidentified persons. The deceased Govind Ambadas Khating (22) of Bhosari, hailed from Parbhani district. Khating's friend Dnyaneshwar Bhujbal (18) of Bhosari has lodged a complaint in this regard.Assistant police inspector of the Bhosari police station P M Pawar said that on Thursday night Khating and Bhujbal had gone to throw garbage near a marriage hall on Bhosari-Alandi road. \"While returning home, two suspects who were following them, suddenly hurled chilli powder into Bhujbal's eyes and bludgeoned Khating to death with a big stone,\" Pawar said.Pawar said that before Bhujbal could realise what had happened, both the suspects fled from the spot. \"The reason behind the murder is still not known,\" Pawar said.Pawar ruled out the possibility of robbery as nothing was looted from Khating and Bhujbal. \"We are investigating the case,\" Pawar said.The other incident, in which Sanket Bhima Kothambire (19) of Indrayaninagar was assaulted to death with sharp weapons on Thursday around midnight, was a fallout of a previous rivalry. The Bhosari police on Friday arrested three suspects under the charges of murder. They have been identified as Mahesh Nithure (21), Jitendra Borse (22) and Vishal Kadam (23), all from Bhosari.API Pawar said that around three months back Kothambire and the suspects had entered in a brawl over a petty issue. At that time, the suspects had threatened to kill Kothambire. \"On Thursday when Kothambire was returning home on his motorcycle, the trio blocked his way and assaulted him with sharp weapons,\" Pawar said.Kothambire, who received major blows on his head, hands and back died on the spot. Kothambire's father Bhima Kothambire has lodged a complaint with the Bhosari police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278316", "title": "Neha on a roll with new show", "text": "INDORE: Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2010, Neha Hinge, is in town to attend a one of its kind fashion show as an anchor, taking place for the first time in the country.Neha, who has her roots in Malwa region, is enthusiastic about being in the city.\" It is always good to be in Indore. Everything that I am today is because of the culture and tradition which this place has given me.\"A thrilled Neha said, \"I am delighted and nervous at the same time as it is for the first time I am anchoring a show. I am really looking forward to the event as it would be a great experience to watch the bariatric patients walking the ramp along with the models.\" They are definitely the real superstars and their journey will be an inspiration for the audience, she adds.Neha, who is currently working on her debut film Love you Soniyo directed by Joe Rajan with Rati Agnihotri's son, Tanuj Virwani, said, \"I never thought of taking up acting as a career, it eventually happened to me and now that I have done this film, I realized that this is what I actually wanted to do and really looking forward to its release.\"When asked how modelling changed her life and if she always wanted to become a model, Neha said, \"I started fantasizing about being Miss India since my childhood. But only after I completed my engineering, I applied for the contest and fortunately the year I applied for it, I won it. The Miss India contest has changed my life completely. After winning the title, people started recognizing me and treating me like a celebrity. I feel very blessed and I am thankful for the support given by my family and friends.\"\"One should always follow one's heart and do things which interest one and should never be distracted. Also, one must stay focused in order to achieve one's goal in life,\" Neha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13302215", "title": "There is no competition between me &amp; Harsh Mayar: Darsheel Safary", "text": "Darsheel Safary, more popular as Ishaan - his character name in the hit movie Taare Zameen Par, created waves with his very first movie. Later seen in Bumm Bumm Boleand Zokkomon,Darsheel has made a special place for himself in millions of hearts.He chats in fluent Gujarati as he speaks about playing the young Salim in Deepa Mehta's Midnight's Children, an adaptation of Salman Rushdie's popular book by the same name.Darsheel agrees that this is probably the best time for child actors in B-Town, with two movies making a strong impact in B-Town last year. While Darsheel had received a few critics' awards for his portrayal of Ishaan, Partho Gupte in Stanley Ka Dabba and Harsh Mayar in I Am Kalam also won accolades for their performances. Ask him if he feels any competition and he says, \"We are all friends, Harsh and I are in regular touch. I don't see any competition between us. I respect their work.\"A dance enthusiast, Darsheel can't wait to get the audience's reactions for Midnight's Children .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279692", "title": "Cosmetic change: Maharashtra babus get new postings", "text": "MUMBAI: Chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday chose public health secretary Bhushan Gagrani as the new chief executive officer of the Maharashtra Industrial Development Corporation.State industries secretary K Shivaji has been appointed as the new finance secretary (reforms) in the place of Sunil Soni who has taken up an assignment at the Centre.Konkan divisional commissioner S S Sandhu will be the new rural development secretary in the place of Sudhir Thakre, who has been appointed as the chairman of the Maharashtra Public Service Commission. Nanded collector Shrikar Pardesi will be the new municipal commissioner of the Pimpri-Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. Senior bureaucrat V S Nahata will be the new Konkan divisional commissioner.After the appointment of Sitaram Kunte as civic chief, administrators were expecting high-level changes in the bureaucracy. \"We were expecting a complete revamp, however, it appears that Chavan is dithering on large-scale changes,\" a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Friday.\"Over 50 bureaucrats have completed their tenures and are awaiting transfer orders. However, Chavan shifted only six bureaucrats. Some civil servants, who have completed three to six years, were expecting their new assignment,\" he said. Some officials expressed the view that there was delay in issuing transfer orders in some cases due to resistance from some of Chavan's colleagues. Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar stated that bureaucrats with the energy department, who had completed four years, should not be disturbed till the state became power surplus by December.\"It was felt that if new officials are appointed, then they may take some time to understand the situation. Under such circumstances, Pawar took the view that a status quo should be maintained and changes in the energy department should be made after December,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277427", "title": "Discipline is armyman\u2019s primary duty: SC", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after the May 10 incident at Nyoma in Jammu and Kashmir where Army soldiers allegedly assaulted officers, the Supreme Court ironically ruled that \"primary obligation of a member of armed forces is to maintain discipline in all aspects\".This apex court judgment drew curtains over a litigation initiated 22 years ago by a major, who in 1991 had moved the Delhi High Court challenging the July 20, 1990 decision of the Army to cashier him from service and also award him imprisonment of six months for three counts of corruption.The three incidents of corruption alleged against the major happened in 1988 and the general court martial found him guilty on all three counts on June 4, 1990 and punished him with cashiering and an imprisonment of five years. A month-and-a-half later, the confirming authority upheld the major's cashiering but reduced the sentence to six months.The Delhi HC, in its judgment of July 23, 1991, declined to interfere with the Army's decision. But the case remained pending in the Supreme Court for 21 years before a bench of Justices P Sathasivam and Dipak Misra drew curtains over the two-decade-long litigation by dismissing the cashiered major's appeal.Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Misra said with the corruption charges proved against the major, \"it is well nigh impossible to hold that the punishment was harsh or arbitrary\". When an Army officer gets cashiered, he or she is stripped of rank, privilege and responsibility, often in a very public and humiliating way.\"The appellant was a major in the Army and all the charges leveled against him fundamentally pertain to commission of illegal acts in fiscal sphere. The acts done by him were intended to gain pecuniary advantage. The primary obligation of a member of armed forces is to maintain discipline in all aspects,\" the bench said.\"Discipline in fiscal matters has to be given top priority as that mirrors the image of any institution. That apart, the appellant was a major in the Army. Irreproachable conduct, restrained attitude, understanding of responsibility and adherence to discipline were expected of him. The proven charges luminously project that the said aspects have been given a total go by,\" the court said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280803", "title": "Former Bahujan Samaj Party MP attacked in Chennai", "text": "CHENNAI: A former Rajya Sabha MP of Bahujan Samaj Party (BSP) from Delhi sustained serious injuries on the head after a few men attacked him at a function held at Ayakar Bhavan on Thursday night.Police said Pramod Kuril, who had come from Delhi, was speaking at a meeting of the Backward classes welfare Association on Thursday evening. A couple of minutes into his speech, a group of ten men barged into the complex and attacked him with a chair.Police said they were reportedly angry at the comments Kuril made during his earlier speech in Delhi against BSP supremo Mayawati . The BSP supporters who were looking for a chance, gained entry to the complex and attacked him.The guests at the meeting rescued Pramod and took him to a nearby private hospital.\"We received a complaint from I-T department about the attack on the former MP. However they did not mention the name of the persons who were involved in the attack,\" said an investigating officer.Police have registered a case nd are on the look-out for the accused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283417", "title": "Chandigarh Municipal Corporation to revamp Night Food Street", "text": "CHANDIGARH: After facing wrath from the judiciary for high rates of food items and not maintaining proper hygiene, the Chandigarh municipal corporation has decided to close down the Night Food Street and re-launch it after working out modalities considering all the conditions by July 6.When the matter came up for hearing before a division bench comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari, UT senior standing counsel, Sanjay Kaushal admitted that the night food scheme of the MC failed to give desired effect, which it should have. MC commissioner Vivek Pratap Singh, who was also present in the court, said, \"The street would be closed now and the issue to start it fresh would be taken up again only after working out the modalities and discussing in the house of MC.\"On being questioned by the bench about cheap rates in the street, the commissioner submitted that it was not visualized for providing cheap food for attendants of PGI or the students. He, however, submitted that the new policy on the Night Food Street would be framed considering the HC observations.Thereafter, bench directed MC to work out modalities for the Night Food Street by July 6 and inform the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280402", "title": "Acharya has 'real' reason to keep quiet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CBI on Friday informed the high court that B P Acharya, IAS officer and former MD of APIIC, got a 4,000 square feet prized commercial space in Somajiguda area as bribe for remaining a mute spectator during the large scale loot of Emaar properties. Acharya got the property registered in the name of his mother-in-law. The property is worth about Rs 10 crore.The CBI counsel made these revelations while opposing the bail plea of Acharya and added that the probing agency would file a separate chargesheet regarding the assets acquired by him after completing the investigation into these aspects. Brushing aside the contentions of Acharya that he was honest and did not resort to any corrupt practices, the CBI counsel said that the bureaucrat allowed private players to loot the state by relinquishing all his official responsibilities. Appointment of Stylish Homes as sales agent led to swindling of government revenue and Acharya did little to stop the fraud. The counsel further said that Acharya had set up a two-member committee to verify the accounts of SPVs and the transactions Stylish Homes and Emaar-MGF. But when the committee submitted its report, the IAS officer failed to act on it.The special purpose vehicles (SPVs) that were formed to build a township, villas, golf course, convention centre, hotels etc had resorted to major irregularities and Acharya was there as nominee director in all the SPVs and did nothing to prevent the loot of public assets. As much as Rs 106 crore was swallowed up by unscrupulous private players in the sale of villas alone, he said.Acharya's counsel said it was unfair to keep an accused in jail for prolonged periods without sanction. \"Citing the lack of sanction from the competent authority, the CBI is letting another accused IAS officer, L V Subrahmanyam, to roam free and is applying different yardsticks for Acharya,\" he alleged. Justice B Chandra Kumar, who heard the arguments, reserved his judgment to May 23.'Prosecute BP Acharya, L V Subrahmanyam'The CBI on Friday filed a memo in the CBI court urging it take cognizance of the role played by two IAS officers - BP Acharya and L V Subrahmanyam - in the Emaar scam case and start proceedings against them under the provisions of IPC and CrPC. In its plea, the CBI urged the court to prosecute them under the Prevention of Corruption Act without waiting for the government to accord sanction for the same. It cited the case of IAS officer Srilakshmi in OMC case and Acharya in Jagan assets case wherein the trial court started proceedings and took cognizance of their roles in the chargesheets without waiting for the government sanction. In a separate development, the court dismissed the bail plea of G Vijayaraghava, another accused in the Emaar case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281484", "title": "Hopeful teens throng campuses", "text": "BANGALORE: One milestone crossed. A day after the SSLC results were declared, both students and parents set out on a new journey. Several college campuses were full of 16-year-olds, parents in tow, filling up forms and seeking answers on how to enroll for courses of their choice.This year, the admission process is different. No more standing in queues, students can just login and apply for the college of their choice. On Friday, colleges told students to log on to the PU website to download the application forms. The hard copy of the forms is also available with some colleges.Students can download the common application form from the website www.pue.kar.nic.in and then fill in the requisite details. The colleges will accept completed application forms along with the necessary certificates. According to the PU Board's direction, the colleges are to collect an application fee of Rs 20 with the form, and issue a receipt to students. Colleges have also been directed to put up particulars of students admitted in the first, second and third list in Form 16 to 19 on the college notice board and website.Admission Calender For PU I And IILast date for admission without finePU I - June 15PU II -- June 15Last date for admission with late fine of Rs 420PU I - June 16-22PU II - June 16-22Last date for admission with special late fine of Rs 1,400 in addition to fine of Rs 420PU I - June 23-30PU II - June 22For students who've passed SSLC supplementary exam, last date for admission without fine - July 15.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kottayam", "code": "13281914", "title": "Criminalization of politics a grave issue: Rajendran", "text": "KOTTAYAM: The AITUC state general secretary Kanam Rajendran said being an LDF worker he was saddened by the recent political developments in the state. When the image of LDF goes down, it affects all the parties in the front and not just one single party. So, mistakes have to be corrected and steps should be taken for that, he said.He was speaking at a debate organized by Kerala Youth Welfare Council on 'Politics of Annihilation' here on Friday. Political murder happens when ideological base of parties becomes weak, he said.He also said CPI wants an unbiased, rightful probe to bring out those who killed RMP leader T P Chandrasekhar, and also reveal the conspiracy behind the murder. He said this is what the people want and CPI is with them in this.Reacting to a statement of government chief whip P C George who had earlier said the Election Commission should ban CPM, Kanam said he disagrees with the view of George.CPM, CPI and other LDF allies are against the policy of annihilating political enemies.But still there are some in the country who consider this violent politics as right, he said. The main issue faced by us now is criminalization of politics and politics of annihilation. CPI has always stood against political violence, he said.He also said no political party can claim that they were never involved with politics of annihilation.He said the most important question in the present political scenario is if the public can pressurize political parties in reaching a consensus in their opinions against politics of annihilation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13279042", "title": "Two men arrested for online matrimonial fraud", "text": "MADURAI: District Crime Branch police have arrested two youth who were cheating women online through matrimonial sites on the promise of marrying them.Chakravarthy (27), son of Munisamy from Panrutti in Cuddalore district and his relative Perumal (22), son of Rajendran from Sokkanenthal in Villupuram district, were nabbed by police after a Madurai- based woman preferred a complaint with the district police in this regard.Lakshmi (name changed) from Madurai, stated in her complaint that she had registered on a matrimonial site for prospective alliances and a person approached her online addressing himself as Rahul Vijay, a rich youth from Namakkal. After befriending the girl through online chat and mobile communication, he expressed his wish to marry her but demanded money and jewels from the girl. He asked her to deposit Rs 50,000 in a bank account and collected 11 sovereigns of gold ornaments through some contacts. However, he later disconnected the online and phone contact. Lakshmi filed a complaint with the police and the duo were traced through the bank transactions and arrested by the district police.Addressing media persons, DIG Balanaga Devi said the investigation revealed that Chakravarthy, the main accused, had cheated 17 girls through this method. Most of the women were well educated, working as nurses, college professors and IT professionals. \"After establishing contact as a prospective bridegroom, he used to befriend the girls through social networking chats and the mobile. Further, they used the magic voice option on the mobile phone to pose as parents of the groom. After gaining their confidence, Chakravarthy used to demand money from the girls and asked them to deposit the cash in bank accounts. He also collected the money and jewels through his relative Perumal,\" she said.Even girls living abroad in places such as Mauritius and Gulf countries were among their victims. After collecting the money, Chakravarthy used to disconnect all communication with the girls and create new profiles to attract further victims, Nagadevi explained. Besides the valuables, Chakravarthy apparently blackmailed a few victims by taking semi-nude photographs of them through a webcam while chatting, to extract money from the girls, police said.DIG Balanaga Devi has asked the public to come forward and file complaints with the police in case any of them have been cheated by Chakravarthy and his accomplice. \"If any other victims come forward to file complaints, police will take necessary action,\" she said. The money and the jewels Chakaravarthy cheated Lakshmi of have been recovered, she said. Police also warned girls to be careful with matrimonial proposals coming online and thoroughly verify the credentials of those who posted profiles.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13290552", "title": "Cartoon row: Mamata calls students Maoists, storms out of live talkshow", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee on Friday lost her cool and stormed out of an interactive TV session here when members of audience asked her about the arrest of a professor for forwarding a cartoon lampooning her.\"It is not a cartoon. We love the cartoon. Cartoon is a different thing. He is a CPI-M man, He misused the e-mail of his society people without their consent. He forwarded it to 60 people,\" Banerjee said angrily when a student from Jadavpur University asked her about the arrest of Prof Ambikesh Mahapatra.Claiming that the professor was not an intellectual, but a \"CPM agent\", she told the moderator that \"after election CPM had sent thousands of CDs, if you are a woman and if you see them, you will feel ashamed. CPM and Maoists are working together.\"\" ... The message in the cartoon which contained the word 'vanish' is a murder conspiracy and a plot supported by CPM. What he has done is a cyber crime. It is not a cartoon, it is a political conspiracy to murder me,\" Banerjee claimed.Stating that her government believed in democracy, she said, \"Otherwise, he (Ambikesh) should have been in custody. He has done a wrong thing. He misused the e-mail. I know that Maoist people and CPM are putting up these questions,\" the chief minister told an interactive session organised by news channel CNN-IBN.When a girl from Jadavpur University rose to ask a question, Banerjee asked \"Why (students from) other universities are not here? There are so many universities. You tell me why, What about the others.\"Are you a Maoist?\" Banerjee asked the girl. The student shot back, \"I am not a Maoist.\" When the moderator referred to crime against women in the state, Banerjee dismissively said, \"no crime. No crime against women.\"Told by a questioner that she had supported the Maoists at the national level in an apparent reference to her statement that the killing of Cherukuri Rajkumar alias Azad was \"not correct\", the chief minister replied, \"we did not support the Maoists. This is wrong.\"To an another question, Banerjee said, \"we don't support the Maoists. There are so many things and other issues to ask. What is this nonsense going on? Maoists people are here. They are Maoist students. I cannot answer the Maoists' questions and CPM questions.\"They are the CPM cadres. I am not going to reply. I will give reply to questions from common people. I am sorry to say you belong to CPM. You are SFI cadres. We know all of you,\" a furious Banerjee told the audience.\"You did not tell me before,\" she told the moderator before making her exit.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13283302", "title": "Family urges speedy probe into Godapani death", "text": "GUWAHATI: Dissatisfied with the slow progress of the investigation into the murder of Godapani Pathak, the victim's family is urging for a speedy and result-oriented probe into the case. The bullet-ridden body of Pathak, a superintending engineer of the agriculture department, was found in Bongaigaon district on May 3.His family members say the ongoing investigation is taking more time than expected. \"We need justice and it should be delivered quickly. If the CID fails to crack the case soon, then the state government must hand it over to CBI. We want the real culprits to be punished,\" said Barasha Pathak, the deceased's daughter. She had earlier also pointed out that the post-mortem report of her father was faulty.Chief minister Tarun Gogoi had announced a CID probe into the case and the family was assured of a speedy investigation. A CID sleuth has headed for West Bengal after chasing some leads and another has gone to Bongaigaon.A CID official told TOI that it has already started an operation in the bordering areas of Assam and West Bengal with the help of their counterparts there. \"We don't want to disclose it now, but we can say that the investigation is going in the right direction. We have got some leads in the case which are connected to West Bengal and now we are tracking them,\" said the source.Sources said that the CID sleuth has gone to West Bengal to intercept some mobile phone calls. Meanwhile, the sleuth who's gone to Bongaigaon district had to bear a major setback when one of the team officers died due to a health problem on Thursday night.\"Our officer, Akshay Chaudhury, complained of a stomach problem and we admitted him to the hospital, where he died. It has affected the pace of the work,\" said a CID official.Gauripur MLA Banendra Muchahary also pressed for a CBI inquiry into the case. Admitting to financial anomalies in the agriculture department in the district he said, \"There have been instances of corruption and financial anomalies in the department in Dhubri district in the last five years. Many have also pointed that the killing of Godapani is politically influenced. That's why, to get the real picture, the investigation should be done by the CBI.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13292939", "title": "'Facebook IPO not a hit on Twitter'", "text": "Facebook's IPO was a popular topic on Twitter today, but not a runaway hit.Facebook's stock didn't have the first-day pop that many had predicted. Nor was the initial public offering a breakout hit in Twitter chatter, despite dominating much of the media coverage.An hour before the stock market closed, there were 104,616 messages on Twitter discussing Facebook's IPO or ticker symbol, according to a study of the social network's data by PeopleBrowsr. Another study by Topsy, which included a longer timeline, said there were more than 400,000 messages about Facebook going public. The stock closed 23 cents above its initial offering price of $38.Although Facebook's IPO was one of the most popular Twitter topics of the day, the number of tweets about it was low compared to the frenzy of public mourning on the day Whitney Houston died (6.3 million) or when the death of Trayvon Martin hit the mainstream (680,724), according to PeopleBrowsr, which looked at the peak days of big Twitter memes. The Facebook IPO did surpass Anthony Weiner , who was the subject of 53,606 tweets one day last June as his scandal began to break out.In the messages that were posted about the IPO, 14 per cent were negative, according to a study by Crimson Hexagon, a social-media measurement company. Only 6 per cent were related to buying the stock. A Facebook spokeswoman declined to comment.--By Mark Milan", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282157", "title": "Loco projects may be delayed in Bihar", "text": "PATNA: The two ambitious and long-pending railways projects in Bihar - the diesel locomotive factory at Marhaura in Saran and the electric locomotive factory at Madhepura - are likely to be delayed further. There is a move to expedite the proposed locomotive factory at Dankuni in West Bengal.According to sources, railways has been constructing the dedicated freight corridor (DFC) with the help of Japan International Cooperation Agency and the World Bank. There is possibility that railways would seek assistance from the Japan-based agency to manufacture locomotives at Dankuni. In that case, the two proposed factories in Bihar could be delayed, sources said, adding that Dankuni locomotive factory was announced by Mamata Banerjee during her tenure as the railway minister.According to a Railway Board official, railways would complete the proposed factories in Bihar as soon as the global tender is finalized. However, he denied that the proposed Dankuni factory would delay the Bihar projects further. In fact, these two factories are to be built on public private partnership (PPP) basis. Unfortunately, no form has shown interest in these projects so far, he said, adding that earlier, Grant Thornton International was a consultant to the railways on Bihar projects.Allaying apprehension that the projects might be suspended, a Board official said that the Planning Commission and the PMO were keeping tab on these two projects. However, there was a sharp difference between the finance and railway ministry in the past over the issue of several aspects of the draft documents, including the price the companies could charge for locomotives, sources said, adding that railways has already invited global tenders for these two factories.Justifying the need to carry on with these two factories in Bihar, a Railway Board official told TOI that railways would require about 1,800 electric locomotives every year to smoothly run passengers and goods trains. The proposed locomotive factories at Madhepura and Marhaura would only fulfil the needs of railways, he said.While railways has decided to set up an electric locomotive manufacturing factory at Madhepura at an estimated cost of Rs 1,294 crore, a diesel locomotive manufacturing factory at Marhaura is being built at a cost of Rs 2,025 crore.Currently, railways has two locomotive factories located at Varanasi (diesel engine) and Chittraranjan (electric engine). However, railways is very keen to start production of these two loco factories soon, a Board official said, adding that Dankuni locomotive factory was also on the priority list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280398", "title": "Police tap IPL craze to ensure communal harmony in Hyderabad", "text": "HYDERABAD: The city police seem to have found a novel way to tackle the problem of communal differences. The West Zone cops sought to tap the IPL-induced cricket craze by conducting a cricket tournament for locals of the 'communally sensitive' First Lancer areas to secure harmony.Police organized a four-day cricket tournament in First Lancer (near Masab Tank) from May 14 till May 18. Sixty-four teams from different localities including far flung areas like Falaknuma participated. Of these, 14 teams from First Lancer played in the tournament. The matches were held at Idgah ground, First Lancer, Sport Coaching Foundation, Masab Tank and the hockey ground at Masab Tank.According to P Madhukar Swamy, inspector of Humayun Nagar police station, mixed population neighborhoods in First Lancer like Nehru Nagar, Pochamma Basti and MG Nagar witness communal incidents even if mildest of the disturbances are reported in other parts of the city. This alleged ripple effect is often exploited by miscreants who make even petty issues like sharing of common resources, a cause for quarrels. Pointing out that there was palpable unrest in the wake of recent communal clashes in Saidabad-Madannapet, he said that by engaging the youth from these 'communally sensitive' neighborhoods in sports , the cops have tried to keep a check on the situation.And how does cricket serve the purpose? By forming teams comprising all communities, replied Swamy. \"Each team had a balanced representation from all the major communities. Cricket provides an atmosphere for close interaction among youngsters, helping them understand people from other faiths. Besides those who played, even the audiences which turned up in large numbers seemed to have the got the message,\" he said.He further added that the police also used the opportunity to deliver messages against addiction, child labor and other social evils by putting up flex boards and posters at the grounds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284308", "title": "Driver gets 10-year rigorous imprisonmentfor raping minor", "text": "PUNE: Additional sessions judge S P Tavade sentenced autorickshaw driver Vinod Nirgunkar (35), a resident of Manjari, to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for raping a teenaged girl in 2010.Nirgunkar was further sentenced to one year RI with fine of Rs 1,000 for threatening the victim before and after the incident. The accused will have to suffer additional six months RI if he does not pay the fine.Nirgunkar was convicted even though the victim's mother, who is a complainant in the case, had turned hostile during the trial.The complainant had deserted her husband when her daughter was five years old. She got friendly with Nirgunkar and the two started staying together.The prosecution's case is that Nirgunkar was arrested for raping the girl on June 23 midnight in 2010.The judgment states that the girl had instantly reported the incident to her mother, but by the time the mother approached the police, the girl was pregnant.Additional public prosecutor Ramesh Ghorpade relied on medical reports like DNA tests conducted on the accused and victim to prove his case.The judge observed that the victim treated the accused like her father while rejecting the defence's arguments that she had given consent for a sexual intercourse.According to the court, the complainant had not supported the prosecution on material points, but she had admitted to taking her to police where here statement was recorded.The judge said that the victim's mother was financially dependent on the accused and she was not sure about approaching the police initially. Later, she took support of some women to lodge an FIR against Nirgunkar. He turning hostile during the trial did not affect the case.The prosecution examined 12 witnesses to prove Nirgunkar's crime.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284433", "title": "Private schools will have to bear initial education act quota cost", "text": "MUMBAI: Private unaided schools providing free and compulsory education to marginalized sections under the Right to Education (RTE) Act might have to absorb most of the financial burden initially. The state government has plans to pay the reimbursement amount to schools in two instalments: The first in July, and the second only at the end of an academic year in April. The state government, however, has not yet made budgetary provisions for reimbursement grants for the current fiscal. Officials said that supplementary grants would be raised during the monsoon session of the state assembly.On the basis of a Supreme Court judgment pronounced on April 12 this year on the RTE norm, all unaided nonminority schools are required to admit 25% children from \"weaker sections\" and \"disadvantaged groups\" in Class-I (or at the entry level) starting this academic year in June.The RTE Act stipulates that unaided schools shall be reimbursed monetarily, but the amount will be on par with the per-child-expenditure incurred by the state in aided, government and semi-government schools or the \"actuals charged for a student\", whichever is less.For the current year, the reimbursement grant amounts to Rs 10,217 per child. With the norm applicable to more than 9,744 unaided non-minority schools, the state government has decided to split the grant amount. An official said that a mechanism is being planned to ensure that the fund flow is consistent. One of the primary concerns of many schools is whether the government will adequately compensate them for admitting children from marginalized sections.The Act has a clause relieving the government from reimbursing those schools that have availed of grants in the form of land concessions, building, equipment, etc-to the extent of the value of the benefit. But a senior education department official said that at this stage the state has no plan to press this clause.Under a policy to encourage private participation in schools and improving the quality of education, the state government has followed a policy of allotting lands at concessional lease rents to institutions. A majority of the unaided institutions have been allotted lands under the policy. The lease rents of many among these run into 99 years and above. \"It would be unfair to bill these concessional rents as a benefit and deny grants to schools,\" a senior education department official said.It could also involve legal complications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284985", "title": "7 killed in road mishap", "text": "KANPUR: Seven persons were killed and nearly a dozen were injured when a loader was hit by a truck in Billhaur area here on Friday. Police said that the injured were admitted to various PHC's besides private hospitals.In another accident a four-wheeler was going towards Baqarganj in Babupurwa area on late Thursday night when the driver lost control and rammed into the road-divider after hitting a pedestrian identified as Nirmal Bharti of Shuklaganj Unnao. Bharti, who suffered serious injuries succumbed to wounds. The driver of the car, who also suffered injuries was taken to a nearby hospital. In another accident, a 27-year-old man identified as Deepak Gupta commuting on a two-wheeler along with his wife Manorama was hit by a truck and died on the spot near Naubasta on Friday.Theft: Thieves broke open the house of one Jagat Narain Pandey in Hirni Patara village and escaped with cash and valuables worth Rs 8 lakh in Ghatampur area of the city on Thursday night.Betting racket busted: Another cricket betting racket has been busted in Kakadeo area here on Friday by the district police. The accused, identified as Girdhari Lal Goswami and four others, all residents of Purani Basti Kakadeo, were arrested on Friday for their alleged involvement in the racket in the ongoing IPL matches. Cash worth Rs 10406 and other material were recovered from them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284572", "title": "National Institute of Science Education and Research's city plan stuck in land limbo", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Uncertainty prevails over the Rs 100 crore plan of National Institute of Science Education and Research (NISER) to establish a city extension centre as the institute has failed to select a piece of land for the purpose. The funds sanctioned in 2010 may go back to the Union government in case the institute fails to utilize the money by 2013, sources said.NISER has requested the state government to allot land near Acharya Vihar where several educational institutions such as Utkal University, Institute of Minerals and Materials Technology and Institute of Physics are located, or between Bhubaneswar and Jatni as the permanent campus of NISER is coming up near Jatni.The government had offered land at Chandrasekharpur for the city centre. Expressing the institute's reluctance for the Chandrasekharpur location, NISER director T K Chandrasekhar on February 29 wrote a letter to chief secretary B K Patnaik requesting another land on either side of the NH from Bhubaneswar to Jatni but within Bhubaneswar city limit.Before this a three-acre land near Institute of Physics, close to Acharya Vihar Square, was already registered in the name of NISER on November 25, 2009. However, it is in the possession of commissionerate of police, which wanted to keep it because of its strategic location.\"We are still pursuing the state government for a suitable land for the centre,\" said NISER registrar Abhaya Naik.The main campus of NISER, coming up on 298 acre land near Jatni, is going to be ready six months before its July 2014 deadline. \"Four hostels are likely to be ready by this year-end, while the administration building is nearly complete,\" Naik said. Coming up at with an estimated project cost of Rs 457 crore, the main campus would have a prayer hall on the hill top, five schools of different specialties, 11 hostels of 200 capacity each, an aquatic centre, healthcare centre and guest house.The city extension centre planned by NISER will boast a convention centre, four auditoriums, a business centre and a guest house with 40 VIP rooms.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ambala/panchkula", "code": "13278233", "title": "Condition of 4 Haryana Teacher Eligibility Test protestors deteriorates", "text": "AMBALA/PANCHKULA: The health condition of four protestors, who are sitting on fast unto death in front of Siksha Sadan at Panchkula, deteriorated on Friday.The protesters, who have qualified Haryana Teacher Eligibility Test (HTET), have been demanding withdrawal of Haryana Service Rule-2012.As per these rules, any person can apply for the post of teacher even without qualifying the test.The government has given a time of five years to the appointed teachers to qualify the test. Around 1.25 lakh youths, who have already qualified the test, are up in arms against the new rules, said Rajender Sharma, president, Haryana Patar Adhyapk Sangh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13283717", "title": "Nepal parties slam Indian diplomat", "text": "KATHMANDU: Nepalese political parties were up in arms on Friday over reports of an Indian diplomat \"inciting\" politicians from southern Nepal to \"create a storm\" in the region. Three main parties that met on Friday to discuss amendments to the constitution also discussed the remarks.A Nepalese daily reported that S D Mehta, an official at the Indian consulate general's office in Birgunj, had met politicians from across region at a local hotel on Thursday and \"incited' ' them to take to the streets and that India would help them in this regard. Political parties representing Madhesis in southern Nepal have demanded that the agreement on 11-province federal model in the constitution be rescinded.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13281625", "title": "Those buying LPG &amp; kerosene to be cornered", "text": "MUMBAI: A door-to-door search will be undertaken across the state to weed out those purchasing kerosene despite availing of a gas connection. The move comes after the Centre reduced the state's quota of kerosene by 60% in view of the increasing liquefied petroleum gas ( LPG) connections. The state receives 76,000 kilolitre against its requirement of 1.99L kilolitres.\"We have received complaints about people purchasing kerosene despite having a gas or piped gas connection. Distributors for kerosene are also selling it in the black market,\" said officials from the food and civil supplies department.Rampant black-marketing is because those who have a gas connection have not recorded the same on their ration cards.The problem is to do with yellow ( below poverty line) and saffron (above poverty line) ration card holders. White ration card holders are not entitled to any items available through the public distribution system.The department has now decided to obtain a list of consumers from the oil companies and Mahanagar Gas and will cross-verify it with their records to identify those who have a gas connection but it does not show on the ration card.This will be followed by a house- to-house search to doubly make sure that only those who really need it get the kerosene,'' said officials.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "siddharthnagar", "code": "13303709", "title": "Woman drugs husband, in-laws, escapes with valuables", "text": "SIDDHARTHNAGAR: A woman allegedly decamped with household goods after drugging her husband, in-laws and seven other family members in Dumariyaganj area here, police said.Meena gave food containing some drug to her husband Pashupati, his father Devideen and seven others in Ahokhwa village last night, they said.Police said after Pashupati and his family members fell unconscious, Meena escaped with the household goods, including valuables.Those who fell unconscious have been admitted to community health centre at Bewa, they said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13300964", "title": "Mayawati accuses SP govt of indulging in political vendetta", "text": "NEW DELHI: Hitting out at the Samajwadi Party government over alleged \"anti-Dalit\" activities, BSP chief Mayawati on Sunday said it was ordering probes into the works done during her tenure in Uttar Pradesh due to \"political vendetta\".The former UP chief minister also made it clear she herself takes the policy decisions in her party and not her close advisors or officers as being publicised outside.Mayawati said that P L Punia, the former chief secretary to her when she was chief minister, after leaving BSP and joining Congress had spread rumours that it was he who used to discharge all responsibilities when she was chief minister thrice from 1995 to 2002.She noted that her opponents had created a similar opinion about her cabinet secretary Shashank Shekhar Singh during her fourth stint as chief minister.\"Now I am having apprehensions that after I have become a member of Rajya Sabha, my opponents may start spreading misinformation that it is actually the leaders of both the houses Satish Chandra Mishra in Rajya Sabha and Dara Singh Chauhan in Lok Sabha, who prepare for whatever I speak in the house,\" she said.Mayawati added that in reality it is she, who mostly prepares the key points for her party leaders to speak in Parliament or at press conferences.Insisting that her rise in the BSP is from the grassroots and she is in the command of party decisions, she said, \"Unlike in some other parties, I have not been imposed as party's national leader or president on the basis of any inheritance or lineage. I have been always connected with the ground and the party movement.\"On the Samajwadi Party rule in Uttar Pradesh, Mayawati claimed that people are now repenting bringing this government in power and blamed the \"wrong\" political stand of Congress and BJP for ensuring Samajwadi Party's win in Uttar Pradesh.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13282755", "title": "Two sentenced to life for burning woman to death", "text": "AJMER: The district and session court here on Friday sentenced two persons, including a woman, to life imprisonment, for burning a woman who opposed the second marriage of her husband. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 5,000 each to both of them. For the first time, the right of getting free legal aid is also granted to them if want to appeal to the verdict in a higher court.According to the case, Manoj Kumar (32) son of Ram Singh, was living with his wife Babali in Gulab Shah ka Takiya in Topdara region. In 2010, he sent Babali to her native place in Indore to live with her parents. In the meantime, he fall in love with another woman, Prem Kumari, of Foisager road.Manoj then married Prem and started living together in his house. After some months Babali started calling him and said wanted to return back to him in Ajmer. Manoj also agreed and sent Prem to her parents.When Manoj was with Babali, Prem came to his house and found out about his first wife. Babali and Prem had a quarrel after which Manoj negotiated for a settlement. After that, all three of them started living together but there were regular fights between Babali and Prem.On the night of June 19, 2010 Babali and Prem again had a fight and Manoj took side of Prem. They both beat up Babali and poured kerosene on her and burnt her alive. Babali was admitted to JLN Hospital with 100 per cent burns on the same night. ASO Ram Dutt took the dying declaration of Babali in the presence of doctors before she died the next day. Both the accused were then arrested the court sent them to jail.The prosecution said it was cold blooded and heinous crime to burn a woman alive. \"We produced 12 witnesses and 19 documents to prove the charges,\" said public prosecutor Vievek Arasher.After hearing both sides in the case, district and session judge Ajay Kumar Sharda pronounced the verdict and sentenced Manoj and Prem. He also wrote in his order that if they wanted to go for appeal and feel that they have no money for the purpose then they could take the help of legal aid of the court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13282191", "title": "Top JEE Goa ranker headed for IIT Mumbai", "text": "PANAJI: Quepem resident Goutam Bhat, who had emerged a top engineering candidate in Goa this week at the Goa Common Entrance Test (GCET), has now earned another laurel by securing the highest rank from Goa at the entrance exam to the Indian Institutes of Technology.The son of geologist Manjunath and homemaker Anasooya Bhat plans to pursue electrical engineering at IIT Mumbai. When asked where he draws his inspiration from, Gautam replied, \"My brother Ganapati ranked 4000 all India in the year 2008. Since then, I have been following his footsteps, he has been my source of inspiration throughout.\" For the 18-year-old student of Damodar Higher Secondary School, Margao, it was a constant effort of two years that bore fruit at the IIT-JEE.Father, Manjunath, said, \"I am extremely happy with his performance. This is what every parent expects from their children.\" Ansooya said it was a challenge to take care of Goutam's health as he burnt the midnight oil.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thane", "code": "13284004", "title": "Man \u2018kills\u2019 minor kids, ends life", "text": "THANE: A 34-year-old man is said to have killed his two minor sons before hanging himself to death in their Kalyan home on Friday. Jayesh (12) and Somesh (6) were found dead with their throats slashed by a blade, while their father, Paithankar, was found hanging to a rope tied to the room's ceiling, police said.The family stays in Vishal Nagri society, Kalyan (E). To understand the motive behind the killing, police are questioning Seema, the mother of the two boys, who was not residing with her husband and sons, as she is said to have differences with the former.\"The murders were detected by the flat's owner who had come to collect rent. After repeated door knocks, he pushed open the window and saw the kids in blood and Paithankar hanging,'' senior police inspector Jagdish Loholkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277216", "title": "UPA report card to rebut \u2018policy paralysis\u2019 charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government plans to rebut the opposition's \"policy paralysis\" charge by presenting a report card on UPA-2's third anniversary that dwells on statistics on FDI, passage of anti-corruption laws and growth in per capita income.The report card, to be released on May 22 as has been the usual practice, will argue that the doom and gloom scenario painted by the government's critics was a misrepresentation and that the year gone by was not bare of achievements.The function planned at Prime Minister Manmohan Singh's official residence is sure to be scanned through a political lens with attention on the presence or absence of UPA leaders like Trinamool chief Mamata Banerjee . The report, however, presents a glass half full as the coalition trundles into the last two years of its tenure.Sources said the government had to grapple with legislative jams but nevertheless managed to secure passage of half a dozen bills aimed at combating corruption and reducing red tape. The whistle blowers law and ratification of the UN convention on corruption are cases in point.The government has also promoted accountability through executive action, ordering that cases for prosecution of officials be disposed of in three months and reasons be set out if the request was denied. Whittling of discriminatory powers is also being done across ministries.With the economy and slowing growth being an obvious cause for concern, the document will argue that the investment climate is better than it might appear in the light of threatened downgrades by international credit agencies. Foreign direct investment in infrastructure has not dried up although the government is seeking a substantial increase.Arguing that India remains an attractive investment destination, the report will look at FDI inflows to claim that the India story is far from over. While admitting the economic situation was challenging, the government is expected to counter the perception that even Indian business is looking abroad.A rise in tourist arrivals, rising per capita incomes and successive bumper harvests are other feel good indicators the report will rely on to boost the spirits of the ruling alliance. A 14% rise in incomes and the farm success are seen as evidence that India has so far evaded the fate of Eurozone economies and a tepid US market.The report will expectedly reiterate UPA-2's commitment to its big social welfare initiatives like Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Scheme and will promise to roll out the food security law soon. The government will point to better indicators for rural infrastructure.Price rise being politically sensitive and an obvious weak spot, the government's efforts to increase supplies, modernize the retail chain, reduce middlemen and improve distribution for targeted beneficiaries are expected to be emphasized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "wardha", "code": "13279544", "title": "Anna Hazare visits Bapu Kuti at Sewagram", "text": "WARDHA: Social worker Anna Hazare visited Bapu Kuti at Sewagram on Friday morning. This was his first visit to the ashram after a successful Lokpal movement in Delhi.Hazare said he had visited Bapu Kuti in May last to get inspiration and energy. It is a centre for recharging the battery of thoughts, he said. Hazare visited all the kutis. He also held prayers at the place where the Mahatma used to sleep inside the Bapu Kuti. After sitting under the tree planted by Mahatma Gandhi , Anna said he derived energy from the place to perform social service and concentrate on his thoughts.When asked about the theft of Bapu's glasses which is being probed by CID, Hazare said he did not know about it. He said he would like to spread the message of Gandhi.Commenting on the increasing prices of petrol, Hazare said it indicated exploitation of environment and natural resources. Time has come to think of Gandhi's message. It is a warning bell, but people are not ready to change the lifestyle, Hazare said. He also called for bringing about development by making village economy strong.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280505", "title": "Blast anniversary peaceful amidst tight bandobust", "text": "HYDERABAD: The fifth anniversary of the Mecca Masjid blast passed peacefully amidst tight bandobust on Friday. Police monitored activity in and around the mosque from rooftops. No untoward incident was reported even as an estimated 8,000 worshippers gathered at the mosque to offer Friday prayers.Residents of the Old City recalled that the blasts that shook the foundations of peace and harmony in the city in 2007 had also happened on another Friday. They predicted that the day would pass without any communal disturbance as security was beefed up and added that they had moved on in the interest of communal harmony.Among those trying to move on was M A Irfan. With his eyes cast towards the 400-year-old imposing monument, eyewitness Irfan from Eidi Bazaar fought to keep tears from glazing his eyes. For, if it weren't for his presence of mind, scores of lives could have been lost. In a heroic act, Irfan had carried a live bomb with his bare hands without any protective gear a distance of 120 metres across the mosque courtyard and delivered it to the bomb disposal squad stationed near the outer railing.\"It was total confusion. While people were rushing out of the masjid, I thought it best to carry the suspicious looking package to the bomb diffusers,\" says Irfan. Shocked by the news of the blast and fearing the worst, Irfan rushed to Mecca Masjid to search for his brother who had gone there to pray. As soon as he reached, clashes between police and protestors erupted.\"I was disoriented by the chaos. The bloodstained floor numbed me; but I had to act quickly after spotting the tiffin carrier which contained the bomb. People shouted at me from a distance and even pleaded me to not be a fool and save my own life. They told me to drop the bomb in the water tank in the mosque, but that would have been disastrous. I knew that only the bomb technicians knew how to disarm it,\" he says.Hailed a hero for his bravery, Irfan is the recipient of many gallantry awards. \"People of the city are resilient and have moved on,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300037", "title": "No show can beat Comedy Circus: Archana Puran Singh", "text": "'Comedy Circus' has set a benchmark in the Indian TV industry by completing 300 episodes and at the success party, contestants along with judge Archana Puran Singh were present to join in the fun!Archana, who has been the face of 'Comedy Circus' , spoke highly about the show. When asked if 'Comedy Circus' has set a certain standard for other shows in the same genre, Archana was quick to reply \"Other shows have tried and fallen flat on their face. They say the proof of the pudding is in the eating. We have been getting good TRPs for five years. We provide fun, laughter and humour. People on Twitter are saying that we are doing god's job. But I'm not making them laugh. They simply associate me with the show. We are truly blessed that god has given us the ability to do this.\"On a parting note Archana said that her biggest contribution to the industry has been 'Comedy Circus' .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280615", "title": "Three from Andhra Pradesh among top 10 IIT rankers", "text": "HYDERABAD: The state bagged three of the top 10 ranks in IIT-Joint Entrance Examination (IIT-JEE), results of which were released here on Friday. Rumandla Nishant, a city based student scored 373 marks out of 401, the highest in the state and bagged the fourth rank at the all India level. His classmates, Sai Suman Jagadeesh from Nellore and P Bharath Kumar another student from the city scored fifth and ninth ranks respectively.While some of the students scored well, the state's performance in JEE has in fact dipped when compared to last year where five students had bagged ranks in the top ten list including the first rank. The total number of ranks secured by the state in top 100 has also gone down from 63 in 2011 to 41 in 2012. However, in reserved categories, the state secured top ranks with R Nishant, the all India fourth rank holder securing all India first rank in OBC category.SC, ST students do state proudHYDERABAD: Over 75,000 students had appeared for the examination from the Madras zone. Interestingly, the state has bagged the chunk of ranks in categories including SC (23), ST (40) and OBC (54). In these categories it is the highest tally so far.IIT experts from the city claimed that the errors that had crept into the JEE examination could have brought down the rank count of AP. \"The IITs deleted two questions and they admitted that there were errors in at least four more questions (question paper key was changed thrice). Students who attempted these questions would have lost time on them. The erroneous questions in total carried 27 to 30 marks and in an examination where each mark is important this would have made a huge difference,\" said IIT coordinator of a coaching institute in the city. This year, the examination was conducted by IIT-Delhi. In spite of a dip in the number of ranks, the state has retained the status of being the only region from where the maximum number of candidates have got selected to IITs. For almost a decade, AP students bagged 21% of the IIT seats.Students who secured top ranks in IIT this year said that it is their hard work that paid off. Each of them had put in eight to 14 hours every day for JEE studies alone. \"I started my coaching for IIT right from class IX and this prior preparation actually helped a lot. By the time I finished class X, the IIT portions were complete. All that I did during the two years of my intermediate studies was to practice JEE questions over and over,\" said Nishant, a student of Narayana Junior College. He said his father, R Sreedhar, a superintending engineer with Warangal Municipal Corporation was always an inspiration to him. Interestingly, his elder sister, Sravya is already doing a dual degree course in IIT-Bombay, the institution he too wants to join. The other two rank holders who secured fifth and ninth rank in JEE said that all three of them used to do combined study sessions in classroom. \"One should focus completely to get a score,\" said Suman Jagadeesh, who secured the fifth rank. All the three ranks holders are expected to take admission in IIT-Bombay in various streams. \"I will make an informed choice after I get details of all the courses in IIT-Bombay,\" said the ninth rank holder, Bharath Kumar.While gloating over their good JEE ranks, students admitted that they had never paid attention to their intermediate and class X textbooks as much as they should have.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281647", "title": "Young achievers' gallery", "text": "BANGALORE: It was a proud moment for Navya RS who had secured 623 marks on 625 and stood first in the SSLC examination this year. For the top 5 who had crossed the first milestone in their long academic innings, it was hard work all the way.Navya RS\"I never expected this distinction. I studied honestly and wrote my exam. I used to study for around 7-8 hours during exam time. And this has helped me. I studied only from my textbooks and took tuition in science. I could not keep the stress level to the minimum, and I knew it was not good.\"Navya's favourite subject is science and she is interested in biology. She is not yet sure about her future plans.School: SVS English School, Vidyagiri, BantwalScore: 99.68%DR Shreesha\"My aim was to become a topper but I never studied for too long hours. Sheer concentration and determination made me score well (621) in the SSLC exams. Instead of mugging up, every student should understand the subject thoroughly and study with intense concentration.\"This topper is all set to take up science in PU as her ambition is to become a doctor. She loves children and wants to become a children's specialist. Her mission is to conduct free medical camps in villages as there are very few hospitals in rural areas.School: Swami Vivekananda Education Institute (SVEI), MysoreScore: 99.36%Anusha Prasad\"I never thought that I will secure second position (621). When I was informed about my results, I was excited to know that I was the second rank holder. I spent more time on my favorite subjects -- mathematics and science. I used to study each subject thoroughly after coming home from school.\"Anusha, who always did well even in the internal examinations, says she wants to be a doctor and serve the poor..School: Chetan Public school, HubliScore: 99.36%Namrata S\"After completing my home assignments, I used to study for four to five hours daily. I used to participate actively in extra-curricular activities, but never neglected studies. My parents and teachers gave me full support.\"Namrata secured 620 marks. She wants to pursue a career in science. She aims to become a science researcher. Daughter of a police constable, she says she is happy she has made her father proud.School: Sandipini High School, ShimogaScore: 99.2%S Suhas\"It is very important to not get stressed if you want a good result. I got help from my teachers and parents. Moreover, I was determined to do well since day one of my class X. Initially I used to study for two-three hours daily and stretched it to four-five hours during exam time. As far as subjects are concerned, I found social science and biology tough as well as interesting.''Suhas scored 620 marks. He wants to become an engineer.School: Poorna Prajna, Sadashivnagar, BangaloreScore: 99.2%", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293247", "title": "The B\u2019lore boys at Brigade Road", "text": "Fans of the Bangalore IPL team who were lucky to be hanging around in the vicinity of Brigade Road recently were in for a pleasant surprise .These cricket fanatics managed to get a glimpse of the Bangalore boys, who had gathered at a store for some retail therapy. Within seconds after the cricketers arrived, fans enthusiasts thronged the busy street and went berserk capturing the boys on their cellphones. A few lucky ones even managed to get inside the store and get their pictures taken with their favourite cricketers.While team captain Daniel Vettori was seen bantering with teammate Dirk Nannes , even as he stepped in and out of the store to oblige his fans' requests, Saurabh Tiwary was spotted trying out different outfits. Dilshan Tillakaratne, who is known to have his own clothing line, was also busy checking out the goodies on offer with avid interest. Luke Pomersbach was seen smiling throughout the afternoon and gleefully posed with everyone for the camera.Chris Gayle , needless to say, was the man of the moment, with everyone hovering around the Caribbean cricketer in the hope of getting a picture with him. Gayle, who spent few minutes shopping, not only posed for pictures, but also chatted away with Sandalwood actor Haripriya, who was also present at the event. We did overhear part of the conversation and what we heard took us by surprise - Gayle was asking the actor about namma Sandalwood. Not bad, we say!", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13296758", "title": "Sadistic thrill in celeb fights?", "text": "Everyone likes to see a celeb fall from the very same pedestal we've put them in the first place. It's almost ironic, how first, we follow their moves (personal and professional) on social networking and micro blogging sites, imitate their fashion trends, revere them like demigods and then gloat at their downfall.From Paris Hilton to Mel Gibson to Britney Spears , Tiger Woods and O.J. Simpson , George Michael , Michael Jackson to Shah Rukh Khan, Salman Khan and Saif Ali Khan to Harbhajan Singh; celebs across the world have displayed an almost insatiable appetite for misbehaviour in public.Harbhajan Singh hit fellow cricketer S Sreesanth in an IPL match and had a verbal duel with Andrew Symonds ; Uruguayan footballer Luis Suarez's verbal spat with French footballer Patrice Evra got him a racist tag. Another example of celebrity anger came to fore when former boxing World champ Mike Tyson bit off Evander Holyfield's ear during a bout. Nicholas Cage was once arrested in New Orleans for assaulting his wife (in public) and yelling at a policeman. Former supermodel Naomi Campbell , pleaded guilty to assaulting two police officers at Heathrow Airport and was later accused by her maids of reckless assault.Mel Gibson had a verbal argument with his instructor about his name tag during the first day at an anger management class after his rant at a police officer; Russell Crowe publicly apologized for throwing a telephone at a hotel concierge; Chris Brown was arrested for attacking his girlfriend Rihanna and making criminal threats against her. Salman Khan got into a public brawl with now frenemy Shah Rukh Khan and the spat turned ugly when the two promised never to speak to each other, dividing the Hindi film industry into two teams: Team Salman Vs Team SRK . SRK had another spat with filmmaker Shirish Kunder earlier this year in a pub party. Minutes after the slapgate, Shirish went viral and blasted the Khan for being a big bully who had threatened to ruin his career, only to eat humble pie a day later and make peace with the superstar.Saif Ali Khan (who has been known to have roughed up gay rights activist Ashok Row Kavi in the past), repeated his fist power act when he beat up a 70 year old NRI who had merely asked him to lower his voice. The Nawab of Pataudi came out of the incident like a wronged celeb and the case was hushed. SRK has done it again of course, and reams of prints space and airtime on national TV have been devoted to the querry, will he or will he not be banned from Wankhade for his code of misconduct. Senior intellctuals have suggested (on national TV) that he should go to a shrink or even visit the US, where the immigration officials have detained him for questioning in the past, to feel more 'humble'.Celeb blogger, Mario Lavandeira , (also known as Perez Hilton ) says the compulsion to follow celebrity mischief is a bit like \"rubbernecking during a car accident\". There's no doubt that fame carries with it privilege and the ability to get away with one's mistakes. According to a 2004 Clemson University study by Todd Kendall, celebs seldom pay the price for the mistakes they commit. While the Los Angeles Police Department offers no red carpet treatment to Hollywood celebs who flout the law, in India, errant celebs are known to get away without harsh punishment.Celeb icons are crucified publicly for displaying the same emotions as people like us, because when neo gods and goddesses fail, they seem human and there's nothing 'hero like' in their behaviour. At a time when the r upee fell to a record low against the dollar for the third consecutive day on Friday, and there were enough hints at a national financial meltdown in the horizon, precious prime time TV space was devoted to SRK ko gussa kyon ata hai segments! That shows how obsessed we as a nation are about a money spinning superstar who has an anger management problem. There's almost a sadistic thrill in watching fan-made celebs fall from grace, because it makes us feel better about ourselves, more satisfied with our less than ordinary lives and for once at par with the star.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13276847", "title": "Rs 250 crore transfer not linked to 2G: Unitech", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to a report, \"CBI on trail of Rs 250 crore sent by Unitech to Isle of Man\" published on May 18, Unitech Ltd has stated that it has \"always cooperated and continues to cooperate with the CBI in its investigation and has provided all the relevant materials asked for, in connection with the transfer of Rs 250 crore, which discounts the possibility of any quid pro quo\" in the 2G spectrum allocation scam.It has also pointed out that the investigation pertaining to the transfer of Rs 250 crore by the Unitech Group to the Isle to Man, as an investment, unconnected with the 2G case, is still underway and the CBI has not yet come to a final determination in connection with the matter.The company has also said that contrary to the report stating that the \"Unitech Ltd board had made no resolution for transferring such a huge amount of money to Unitech Overseas Ltd in the Isle of Man\", the requisite copies of the board resolutions have been made available to the investigating agency.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284127", "title": "Mumbai man, son killed in accident", "text": "PUNE: A Mumbai-based man and his nine-year-old son died on the spot and his wife sustained severe injured after the motorcycle they were on collided head-on against a speeding truck at Kasurde village near Yavat on Pune-Solapur highway, around 70 km here, on early Friday morning.The Yavat police have identified the deceased as Jeevan Yadba Bhandari (32) and his son Shej, of BDD Colony in Worli, Mumbai. Jeevan's wife, Dimple (28), is undergoing treatment in a private hospital near Yavat.The Yavat police have arrested the truck driver, Hanumant Adale (22) of Malthan in Ahmednagar district, for negligent driving.The police said the incident took place around 6.30 am at Kasurde village. The Bhandaris were on their way to Solapur on the motorcycle when the truck, on its way to Pune, hit the two-wheeler. The impact of the collision was such that all three were severely injured. The police rushed the trio to a nearby hospital where Bhandari and Shej were declare dead on arrival. Bhandari worked in a private company at Mumbai and was also a social worker, the police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284707", "title": "Government may slash blood service rates", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: The state government on Friday ruled out increase in service charges of blood units amid speculations that the prices may go up by three times soon. On the contrary, the government is considering a proposal to reduce the rates, health minister Prasanna Acharya said.The minister said thalassemia patients who require periodic blood transfusion panicked unnecessarily after being misinformed by unsubstantiated reports that blood prices will go up. \"Some parents of such patients had recently expressed their concern over the hearsay that they may have to shell out more for transfusion. Let me clarify that the government has no such proposal,\" the minister said while speaking at a workshop on rational use of blood. The government is mulling over reducing the prices, the minister said.Currently, one has to pay service charges of Rs 170 to Rs 440 in government and Red Cross-run blood banks, while private banks charge around Rs 1,000. The charges are levied for five kinds of blood tests: HIV, malaria , syphilis , hepatitis B and hepatitis C.In 2008, National AIDS Control Organization (NACO) had recommended the state to increase the charges to Rs 850. However, the state government did not increase the prices. Sources said the State Blood Transfusion Council (SBTC) is considering a uniform service charge for blood across all banks and hospitals.In 2011, Indian Red Cross Society (IRCS) state branch had recommended the government to eliminate the service charges from patients and fund the entire amount. \"We had sent a letter asking the government to fund for the service charges so that patients get it at zero cost,\" said IRCS state honorary secretary Dr Mangala Mohanty.Odisha has 81 blood banks. These collect around 3 lakh units of blood annually, including 2.7 lakh units from voluntary donors.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13276778", "title": "Poachers chop tiger into pieces in Maharashtra", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Poachers have struck again in Maharashtra's tiger reserves despite a red alert about possible strikes by Baheliya gangs from neighbouring Madhya Pradesh. A mutilated carcass of a tiger was found in the Chandrapur forest range on Friday. The big cat was chopped into 10 pieces and its remains strewn along the Chichpalli-Borda road.The Maharashtra government had sounded an alert after intelligence inputs suggested that Rs 40 lakh had been paid to poachers to snuff out 25 tigers in the region. Forest officials had heightened vigil and declared Rs 1-lakh reward for clues. But poachers managed to punch holes in the security ring around the Chandrapur forests. This is the second killing of a tiger in two months.The Chandrapur forest has lost six tigers this year - five were either poached or killed accidentally and the sixth got maimed in an iron jaw trap.Investigators say the tiger was electrocuted by poachers deep inside the forest. Later, its carcass was cut into pieces, stuffed into a gunny bag and transported in a four-wheeler to the Borda forest. The remains were then scattered near the road. A forest guard found the remains a few metres off the road. Forest officials rushed to the spot, cordoned off the area and sniffer dogs were pressed into service. It was a full-grown male tiger.\"Burn injuries on a limb suggest it may have been electrocuted. Its head and paws were slashed and the body chopped,\" said range forest officer, Badkelwar. Tyre marks of a vehicle making U-turn around 20 metres from the spot have been detected. The tiger may have been killed on Thursday night, said an official. Surprisingly, the tiger was not stripped of its skin, which sells for over Rs 1 crore in the international market. Other body parts like nails, hair and bones are pegged at over Rs 6 lakh.The Baheliya gang is known for poaching tigers with metal traps. Experts say members of this community simultaneously operate at multiple locations and are ruthless in their approach. The tiger's remains have been sent for autopsy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13279666", "title": "UK charges 4 Indians with trafficking Hyderabad woman", "text": "LONDON: Scotland Yard on Friday charged four Indian citizens and two Ghana citizens of Indian-origin, all based in London , for allegedly trafficking a woman from Hyderabad for sex.The four Indians are: Aleemuddin Mohammed (34, supermarket manager from Harrow), Shamina Yousuf (32, secretary from Edgware), Shanaz Begum (56, shopworker from St John's Wood), and Enkata Balapovi, (56, butcher from St John's Wood).The two Indian-origin Ghana nationals are Shashi Kala Obhrai (53, optician from Northwood) and Balram Kumar Obhrai (58, computer entrepreneur from Northwood).A Scotland Yard spokesperson said: \"The Obhrais are husband and wife and are Ghanaian nationals.\"Mohammed and Yousuf are ex-husband and wife and are Indian nationals. Begum and Balapovi are husband and wife and are Indian nationals. Begum is the mother of Mohammed,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282290", "title": "Around 500 Patna students crack IIT-JEE", "text": "PATNA: Around 500 city students studying in different engineering coaching institutes here have cracked the IIT-JEE this year, making the state proud. The results were announced on Friday.Director of Sahil Study Centre, Mithilesh Singh, talking to TOI said, \"One of our students, Shakti Kumar has got all-India rank (AIR) 80. Out of our 107 students who appeared at the examination, 17 have cleared it. Seven of these 17 students hold AIR within 1,000.\"As many as 54 candidates in general category and seven in reserved category out of our 412 students have qualified,\" said Sharat Prakash, director of FIITJEE, Patna Centre. \"The only 'guru-dakshina' for a teacher is the realization of a student's dream,\" added Prakash, talking of his reward.Sujay Chaubey, a student of FIITJEE's Patna Centre, has received the AIR 656. \"Hard work with meticulous planning, no short cuts in preparations and the clarity of concepts in all subjects rendered by excellent FIITJEE faculty have contributed to my success,\" said Chaubey.At the Paradise Institute, a 25-year-old institute of the city, the result is excellent. \"Out of our 50 students, 45 have cracked IIT-JEE,\" said Kumar Ajeet, managing director. Among the toppers are Dheeraj Agarwal (AIR 158), Avinash Bhavnani (AIR 273) and Shubham Singhal (AIR 283).Vision Classes director Kanhaiya Singh said, \"We entered the segment for coaching the aspirants for IIT-JEE in 2008. This year, our 75 students have cleared the IIT-JEE.\"Established in 2011 here, Mentors Eduserv announced that 83 of its students had cleared IIT-JEE this year. Some of the successful students are: Jai Ram Singh (AIR 87), Sheshant (AIR 1,958) and Rishal Raj (AIR 3,213). \"The basic idea behind opening the institution was to provide education to the meritorious and hardworking students of Bihar ,\" said Anand Jaiswal, founder of the coaching centre.AN Singh, managing director, JEE classes, an institute located on Nala road and being run by IITians, said, \"As many as 1,000 students from our institute appeared at the IIT-JEE examinations and 146 cleared it.\"At another coaching centre, Parmar Classes, out of a total 200 students, 24 cracked the IIT-JEE and gave the credit for their success to their teachers, who were also their mentors and guide.AN Sharma, managing director of a coaching centre, Mentors, said, \"Out of our 400 students, 82 cleared the IIT-JEE.\" Optimus institute claimed that 100 students taught by its teachers have been selected.Nitish, Modi hail studentsChief minister Nitish Kumar congratulated those students of the state who have qualified at the IIT-JEE, 2012. He said, \"I have full trust in the young generation. I hope they will continue to do well at such competitive examinations putting Bihar's name at the top in the field of education.\" He said the students of the state are known for their hard work and brilliance.Deputy chief minister Sushil Kumar Modi also wished the students, who have cracked the IIT-JEE. He said, \"There are some renowned coaching institutes with experienced teachers who have helped the students achieve success. I wish the students all the very best for their bright and prosperous future.\"Nursing dreamEighteen-year-old Shakti Kumar, son of Nagendra Pratap Singh, a bus conductor, grabbed the All-India Rank (AIR) 80 in IIT-JEE under the differently abled category.\"I met with an accident in 2005 and since then there is rod in my legs. But this hasn't dampened my aspiration to become a software engineer, which I have been nursing ever since class 8,\" Shakti told TOI.A resident of Aurangabad, Shakti, who was studying at Sahil Study Centre, Patna, passed Class X from DAV Public School, Giridh, as a regular student and has appeared at plus two exams this year from the same school through correspondence to take regular coaching in the state capital.Shakti, who wishes to take admission at IIT, Bombay, says, \"I cannot afford the fees of IIT as it would cost me somewhere around Rs 8 lakh. So I am planning to take education loan.\"Shakti said, \"I was weak in modern physics but my teacher Abhishek Mishra helped me a lot.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13277425", "title": "Sincerity and focus are key to cracking IIT: Gurgaon topper", "text": "GURGAON: It was a dream come true for 18-year-old Karan Ganju, a DLF Phase 1 Gurgaon resident, who topped this year's IIT examination from Gurgaon.With an overall rank of 34, Karan's dream of becoming an engineer is all set to become a reality after he cleared the IIT, often considered the toughest engineering entrance test, with a very good rank.\"I have always wanted to be a computer engineer and am very happy that I have managed to crack the IIT,\" said Karan, who had done his schooling in Singapore and came back to India with his family in 2007.On being asked about his daily study routine, Karan said, \"Sincerity and focus is the key when it comes to preparing for a competitive exam like the IIT. All the three subjects, Physics, Chemistry and Mathematics, are equally important and you should dedicate enough hours every day to prepare for the exams.\"Every day, Karan would dedicate about six hours to his studies and would also attend special coaching classes for IIT exams. The teenager also is a firm believer in the benefits of group studies. \"Group studies are great help if you do it with dedication. You can discuss topics that will help clear your doubts; also, group studies help you remain motivated as it forges a sense of healthy competition,\" Karan said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280584", "title": "Man wanted in 71 cases held", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A history-sheeter, Dolatsinh Zala, wanted in 71 offences, was arrested late on Thursday night. Police said Zala was also an accused in an abduction case. Babulal Patel, a resident of Pujan Bungalows, Naroda road, and trustee of Saraswati Vidhyamandir in Uttamnagar in Odhav, was abducted from his residence on November 16, 2011 in a car. The abductors demanded a ransom of Rs 1 crore and got Rs 10 lakh from his family members. Patel was released the next day but the abductors threatened to kill him and abduct his son instead if he approached police. Patel, however, filed a complaint with Odhav police on December 4.During investigation, it was revealed that Patel was abducted by Dolatsinh Zala alias Dolubha, a resident of Ruupura near Bahucharaji in Mehsana, and his three associates.A team led by C N Rajput, assistant commissioner of police, I Division, and J R Desai, inspector, Odhav police station, got a tip-off that Zala was to come near Odhav ring road circle. \"We spotted him on a bike late on Thursday night after which we tried to cordon off the area. Zala acted quickly and brandished a knife but we knew about his tendency to attack policemen and were prepared for it. We soon overpowered him,\" said Rajput.During his questioning, Zala confessed that he has offences registered against him at police stations in Mehsana, Ahmedabad rural, Gandhinagar , Detroj, Kadi, Kalol, Palanpur, Morbi and Patan. He was also involved in Rs 1 crore robbery from GSRTC bus on Talaja-Bhuj route.Investigators said that three persons - Chirag Patel, Chetan Patel and Ronak Patel, all residents of Odhav - have been arrested for the abduction whereas three more - Mahadev Thakor, a resident of Mehsana, Paful Zala, a resident of Viramgam and Mahipatsinh Darbar, a resident of Mandal, are yet to be arrested.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13302192", "title": "Gandhi influences short film at Cannes", "text": "Rohit Khaitan's short film \"Lehenga\" directed by Richa Srivastava, has been chosen, and is going to be showcased in Short Film Corner, at 65th CANNES film festival.'Lehenga' is a children's film based on real story of a Gandhian Family and set in independent India.The Khadi movement was started by Mahatma Gandhi in 1920, which aimed at boycotting foreign goods and promoting locally manufactured ones, thereby improving India's economy. Mahatma Gandhi began promoting the spinning of kh?d? for rural self-employment and self-reliance thus making Khadi an integral part and icon of the Swadeshi movement.The freedom struggle revolved around the use of khadi fabrics and thus it symbolized the political ideas and independence in itself.Lehenga is set against the backdrop of a newly independent India where the new generation are trying to forge an identity separate from the freedom struggle.An upcoming dance competition in a school requires its students to get an outfit from home and khadi becomes the conflict between two generations in a household torn between two different ideologies.The whole team is very excited about film and are hoping for a positive response, as the concept of the film is very diverse and unique.Looks like fashion is not the only thing Indian artists will endorse at the festival after all.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282581", "title": "Thousands run amok after failing Army test", "text": "JAIPUR: Tension prevailed all over Govindgarh town in Jaipur rural as a group of at least 10,000 unemployed youths went on a rampage and destroyed public property.Unhappy with their failure to clear the Territorial Army recruitment test conducted at the Ramgopal Kanoongo Stadium there and the lack of arrangements on part of the district administration, the youths torched three buses, including a police bus, a truck and three motorcycles.They took hundreds of passengers of the Churu-Jaipur Holiday Special train hostage at Govindgarh Railway Station and allegedly misbehaved with women passengers and forced them to get off the train to \"capture\" berths. The youths later set the train's engine on fire and also smashed the windows and broke the signals. They also uprooted tracks and crossings at several places.The enraged youths damaged over 15 other private vehicles, fire-tenders and ambulances. Police had to resort to teargas and also lathicharged these youths, however, they retaliated by throwing stones at the cops. At least 12 policemen were injured.Thousands of passengers were left stranded for hours at Jaipur, Reengus and Chomu railway stations as over seven trains on the Jaipur-Delhi route via Chomu were halted. National Highway 11 was also affected and traffic flow was badly hit.\"It was shocking to see how in an organized manner these group of youths destroyed the town. First they hurled stones at the police after coming out of the stadium. When the cops used teargas to disperse them, they set a police jeep, a truck and two buses on fire. When the fire-tenders rushed to the spot to douse the flames, they damaged these vehicles too, including the ambulances. It was like a war-like situation,\" said Ramlal Sharma, a local politician.An army spokesman said about 5,400 candidates were screened since Thursday. Sources said that there were just 30-35 posts for which 10,000 candidates had come from Jaipur, Sikar and nearby areas. The district administration was caught napping as the arrangements were inadequate. The local village council had refused to give a non-objection certificate (NOC) to the district administration for allowing army recruitment camp there due to previous such experiences. However, the administration went ahead and gave its nod to the army.Additional SP Jaipur rural, Anil Gothwal, said the police have arrested 25 persons for damaging public property and rioting. \"We have rounded up several others. Interrogation is on,\" said Gothwal.He added the situation was brought under control by 11 pm. Some policemen sustained minor injuries, however, no one was hospitalized.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284468", "title": "Naveen, Jaya lobbying hard for Sangma", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Even though P A Sangma's party, NCP, has not sounded enthusiastic in pitching him in the presidential race, Odisha CM Naveen Patnaik and his Tamil Nadu counterpart J Jayalalithaa are believed to have started lobbying hard to make the former Lok Sabha Speaker a candidate in the July elections for the top job.Sources told TOI that Naveen would be meeting Sangma in New Delhi before leaving on a nine-day trip to the United Kingdom on May 23. Sixty-four-year-old Sangma accompanied by his Union minister daughter Agatha had on May 15 called on Jayalalithaa in Chennai, paving the way for newfound friends , BJD and AIADMK, announcing support for him on Thursday. \"Ever since he made public his backing for Sangma, Naveen has been trying to gain support from important political parties and has contacted some key leaders who can play a role in the president polls,\" a source revealed.Sangma had spoken to Naveen and also written a letter requesting him for support on the ground that no tribal has yet occupied Rashtrapati Bhavan. While Naveen and Jayalalithaa are said to be in touch with key leaders of different political parties by highlighting the tribal factor, the NCP, of which Sangma is a founder member, is seemingly disinterested in making him a contender to succeed Pratibha Patil.On Friday morning, Sangma met NCP president and Union agriculture minister Sharad Pawar in New Delhi. But going by media reports, the latter told him that the party being a part of the Congress-led UPA will stick to the ruling coalition's stand. Pawar, a news agency reported, said Sangma's suggestions would be discussed. Sangma reportedly explained to Pawar that he was part of a forum pushing for a tribal leader to become the next President and said, \"Any tribal leader can become the next president that is what we are trying to achieve.\"NCP spokesperson D P Tripathy said the party would go by UPA's decision and said, \"As a party we have not discussed any name for the President elections.\" Sangma, however, continued his efforts by calling on BJP leaders like Arun Jaitley and Sushma Swaraj and Left leaders like Prakash Karat (CPM) and A B Bardhan (CPI).Jayalalithaa, in turn, appealed all parties to \"rise above political considerations\" and support Sangma's candidature. Naveen, on his part, chose not to make any comment about the issue on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293915", "title": "Suniel Shetty goes back to action", "text": "Suniel Shetty, the action hero of the 1990s unleashed his funny side with Priyadarshan's Hera Pheri in 1999. \"One of my family members asked me for a medicine as he got a terrible headache after watching one of my action films.I got my answer there,\" said he explaining the shift. But now, the He-Man is back to doing what he is known for - hard-core dhishoom dhishoom with Ashu Trikha's Enemy and Vishram Sawant's Shooter .\"In both films, I play a cop,\" revealed the actor and added, \"Enemy is an emotional film, with some really stylised action. Shooter is a hard-core action film. It has raw street fights. The story is about a cop and his informer.\"At the age of 50, Suniel is fighting fit. \"I am a fit guy and have maintained a strict regime throughout my career. I may get a second late as I am getting older. But see me how I work out in my gym and you will be surprised,\" he said.Well, we're sure he'll surprise on screen with his action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13279275", "title": "NCP internal polls free and fair, claims Ajay Patil", "text": "NAGPUR: Nationalist Congress Party city unit president Ajay Patil claimed that despite a boycott by a section of party leaders, the organisational elections were held peacefully on Friday. He said the boycott call by city women's unit president Nutan Rewatkar and Central Nagpur assembly unit president Anil Ahirkar was largely ignored by party men, who participated enthusiastically in the election process.Patil said for last one month he and sincere workers of NCP had been working to conduct election at booth, prabhag (civic division) and assembly constituency units, which culminated on Friday. \"There was total transparency and all instructions by city election officer Rajendra Jain and observer Dhananjay Dalal were followed,\" Patil told TOI after the election process ended. He said for the six assembly seat unit, six representatives each and a president were elected unanimously by show of hands.The assembly seat-wise office bearers elected were: Nagpur East: president Prashant Bankar, representatives- Duneshwar Pethe, Bajrangsinh Parihar, Dhananjay Deshmukh, Jatin Jhade, Md Raza and Prakash Likhankar.Nagpur West: President Vijay Talewar and representatives Ajay Patil, Tanuj Choube, Ajay Mal, Pushpa Malikar, Yogesh Masram and Parag Nagpure.Nagpur East: Mahendera Bhange president, Sharad Nagdive, Shashikant Gajbhiye, Sunil Lanjewar, Harwinder Mulla, Subodh Chavre and Arvind Ganvir.Nagpur South: Raju Nagulwar president and Ishwar Balbudhe, Sunil Raut, Balu Shiekh, Pradip Wadibhasme, Shyam Thorat and Vijay Nagulwar representatives.Nagpur South-West: president Bhayyalal Thakur, reps Mahadeo Fuke, Hemant Gandhi, Shyam Choudhari, Devdutt Dehankar, Shirish Gode abd Kalpana Mankar.Nagpur Central: Annaji Raut president and Kamil Ansari, Raman Thaokar, Sudhakar Baitule, Rajesh Kumbhalkar. Sayyad Muzaffar Ali and Hussain Amir representatives.Pradesh representatives elected were Girish Gandhi, Gangaparasad Gwalbanshi, Salil Deshmukh, Kishor Kanhere, Prakash Gajbhiye, Dilip Pankule, Pankaj Thakre, Ratnakala Bajaj, Babubhai Kadri, Vedprakash Arya, Ramesh Fule, Prakash Meshram, Gajanan Kurhandkar, Pravin Kunte, Raj Chandel, Janba Maske, Shailesh Dwivedi, Sahebrao Chaudhari, Jaya Deshmukh, Ashok Katel, Yogesh Kumbhalkar and Varsha Shamkule.Meanwhile, a party meeting condemned Ahirkar and other dissident local leaders for the boycott call and anti-party activities. Patil's supporters demanded their expulsion from the party.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281595", "title": "Cops check out official's audit reports", "text": "BANGALORE: Three days after the attempt on the life of SP Mahantesh, deputy director of cooperative audit, police are looking seriously into whether the attack had anything to do with his work of inspecting the city's scam-tainted housing cooperatives.Investigating authorities have collected from the directorate of cooperative audit, a list of societies he worked with last year and was working with this year. Police are also looking into audit reports of some high-profile scam-tainted housing cooperative societies too.They said that last year, Mahantesh audited five cooperative societies: Postal Audit Cooperative Society, Remco BHEL House Building Cooperative Society, Kammavari Cooperative Society, Mimila Cooperative Society and Jayachamarajendra Credit Cooperative Society.During the current year, Mahantesh was tasked with the responsibility of auditing Saptashree Credit Cooperative Society, Sahakarnagar Credit Cooperative Society, Prakashnagar Credit Cooperative Society, Railwaymen Housing Cooperation Society and Aircraft Employees' Cooperative Society.Mahantesh's colleagues believe none of the societies he was auditing would gain anything by attacking him. \"The audit reports of the last year have been submitted and only one society has been audited till now during the current year,\" a colleague said.All city co-ops came under himSources in the directorate of cooperative audit said that as deputy director (urban), Mahantesh was in charge of all the cooperatives in Bangalore Urban district, and all files pertaining to their audit landed on his table. He has been holding the post for two years.A whistleblower confirmed to TOI that Mahantesh had helped many like him with documents on irregularities committed by various cooperative societies.\"By virtue of being the officer in-charge of Bangalore Urban district, audit reports on many controversial cooperative societies came to him,\" the whistleblower said.Curiously, the audit details of BEML Employees Cooperative Society and Remco BHEL House Building Cooperative Society have gone missing from the directorate's website. An official, however, claimed it was due to a technical problem.Mahantesh recovering slowly, say doctorsBangalore: SP Mahantesh is responding to treatment but is still critical, doctors attending to him in Mallige Hospital said.Police hope that Mahantesh recovers soon and provides vital clues that can lead them to his attackers.They said CCTV cameras installed in front of Hotel Atria on Palace Road, where he was attacked, have not provided any leads on the vehicle used by the assailants.\"It was dark and raining, and the camera footage did not provide us with anything substantial,\" said T Suneel Kumar, additional commissioner of police, law and order.Kumar said they were trying to extract more details from eyewitnesses. \"Efforts to locate the attackers' van are continuing,\" said Kumar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13301180", "title": "Yeddyurappa: No central leader capable of leading BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Sulking BJP Karnataka strongman B S Yeddyurappa took head-on against the central BJP leaders stating none has the capacity and potential to lead the party.Drawing parallels with former Prime Mminister A B Vajapayee, former chief minister Yeddyurappa, a day after opening his public contact office, said on Saturday that none of the leaders had the capacity to lead the party in the hour of crisis. \"The party has failed to introspect and resolve internal party crisis in Gujarat, Rajasthan and Karnataka,\" he told reporters. The attack from the beleaguered BJP leader comes at a time when the BJP is gearing up for its executive meet at Mumbai scheduled for May 24 &amp; 25 to re-elect Nitin Gadkari as its president for one more term.Miffed with the party leaders, Yeddyurappa said he would skip the executive meet of the party. \"There is political indecisiveness in the state BJP. I have decided not to participate in the BJP executive meeting. There is need for introspection,\" he said. Giving enough indication that he was ready to quit the party, the Lingayat leader opened his new public contact office on Friday, close to the BJP central office in the city.The former chief minister said that after Vajpayee, L K Advani led the party, but was unable to take decisions because of the influence of the party general secretary H N Ananth Kumar. Reiterating that he had not demanded neither chief minister's chair nor the state party president's post, Yeddyurappa said \"I need respect in the party, I don't need any position.\"Continuing his attack on Kumar, he said the party general secretary was trying to keep the party under his clutches. \"He creates confusion and doubtful situation. He is not only misguiding the party, but also trying to suppress leaders like Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley who have good leadership qualities,\" he said. Yeddyurappa claimed that Kumar was preventing Karnatka MPs, though it has stalwarts like D B Chandre Gowda, Suresh Angadi and Basavaraj, from coming into prominence.Publicly bashing the state and the central BJP leaders for last couple of days is seen as Yeddyurappa's ploy to attract disciplinary action from the party, so that he could encash the situation into sympathy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "dharamsala", "code": "13303994", "title": "Probably played my last in IPL, says Gilchrist", "text": "DHARAMSALA: Kings XI Punjab captain Adam Gilchrist on Saturday hinted that he won't be taking any further participation in the Indian Premier League as a player from next season after his side crashed out of the fifth edition of the Twenty20 event.Kings XI needed to win their last league match against table toppers Delhi Daredevils at the HPCA stadium in order to stand in with a chance of advancing to the four-team play-offs.But soon after Kings XI slumped to a six-wicket defeat against the Daredevils, Gilchrist, who retired from international cricket way back in 2008, said he probably had played his last in the IPL.\"I suspect this might be the end of the road for me in the IPL, but let's see how it goes. Will go back home and think about future plans,\" Gilchrist said at the post-match press conference.\"It was a topsy-turvy road for us but the team fought really well. It was a pleasure to lead the side,\" the Australian added.Gilchrist also credited the Daredevils bowlers for restricting Kings XI to a modest 141 for eight after inviting the home team to bat.He said the hosts were 20 runs short of what would have been a competitive total on this track.\"I don't think there was too much on the surface. It was a much better pitch. 160-170 would have been the ideal total,\" Gilchrist said.\"But all credit to Delhi. They bowled and fielded really well.\"Daredevils stand-in captain Mahela Jayawardene said that the Delhi outfit would take lot of confidence into the play-offs from their performance in the league stages, where they finished on top with 22 points from 16 games.\"It was a good end to the league stage. We had a couple of good buys, but now we will have to start all over again in the playoffs.\"There is lot confidence to take forward (from league stage).He also felt that 160 would have been a competitive total on this wicket.Man-of-the-Match Umesh Yadav , who ripped apart Kings XI's top-order with figures of three for 19 from his four overs, said there was assistance for fast bowlers from the HPCA stadium pitch.\"Good to bowl like this. It was a good track. There was lot of help on this pitch, there was swing and bounce. The feeling is always good to get such pitches after bowling on slow and low tracks,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284619", "title": "Naveen awards whiz kids of maths", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Chief minister Naveen Patnaik on Saturday distributed prizes among bright school students who are good in mathematics. The Odisha government is providing Pathani Samanta Talent Award to students of Class-VI to Class-XII ranging between Rs 200 and Rs 500.Speaking at the award function, chief minister Naveen Patnaik said, \"Without mathematics, it is impossible to excel in science and technology. To encourage students to pursue mathematics from childhood, the government is providing this award. Hope it would create interest about math among school kids.\" The award function was organized by Institute of Mathematics and Application and department of school and mass education.A special examination was conducted to select these students. Ten students from each block, NAC, Municipality and Municipal Corporation were nominated for it. The selected students will be given special coaching in mathematics for 45 days in a year.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13277271", "title": "7 of every 10 inspected sites found violating worker safety norms", "text": "GURGAON: In March this year, the death of a construction worker - who fell from the 6th floor of the building he was working on in Sector 58 - almost instantly led to an out-and-out labour agitation in the area. Vehicles were torched, the construction site damaged, and the builder's offices vandalized. All this was strangely reminiscent of similar incidents in the past, which had caused outbursts of mob violence, now becoming a frequent occurrence in Gurgaon.But despite all this, the root of the problem remains unaddressed, with a majority of builders continuing to flout labour safety norms throughout the city. Senior labour department officials told TOI on Thursday that around 7 challans are issued every 10 inspections conducted by the department on construction sites in the city.\"Our department has been regularly doing inspections and we are issuing 7 challans for every 10 sites we visit,\" said Naresh Narwal, the newly appointed additional labour commissioner of Gurgaon. Many construction sites are functioning without basic health-and-safety equipment such as safety-nets and secure scaffolding, the two main causes of accidents. \"Many are challaned for not having proper creches and canteens on the construction site,\" said Narwal.According to data with the labour department, there are 70 builders who have set up %as many as 250 construction sites in Gurgaon, which variously employ close to 50,000 workers.The department also held a labour safety awareness camp on Thursday in Gurgaon, attended by over 100 builders and construction firm representatives, where many were reacquainted with the health-and-safety code. \"We showed them videos and presentations of how norms are being disregarded here, and urged them to comply with the law. Labourers' safety on the construction site is the builder's responsibility. This should be made very clear,\" said an official of the labour department.Plans to conduct an all-out survey of the 250 construction sites in the city are also in the works. \"We will be inspecting all the sites one of these days, and if we still find offenders, they will be heavily penalized,\" the official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277550", "title": "Centre seeks data on land with PSUs", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government has commissioned a study to find out the land available with state governments and public sector companies that can be used for setting up industrial and infrastructure projects, without asking the private sector to buy land.The move comes at a time when the parliamentary standing committee has said the government should not acquire land for industry. This, it said, could be done by deleting industry and public-private partnership from the scope of land acquisition for \"public purpose\". \"We have asked Ficci to undertake a study. There is a lot of land with PSUs, state industrial development corporations and other agencies which can be tapped,\" said a senior official in the commerce &amp; industry ministry but did not provide a timeframe within which a report will be presented.In the past, state agencies have provided land to the private sector and used that as their share of equity in large projects, including special economic zones.Already, the corporate sector is up in arms against the standing committee's recommendations saying the move will hamper industrialization. \"Unfortunately, rather than addressing concerns of the industry over the provisions of compensation and consent required for land acquisition, the recommendations of the standing committee do not seem to be taking into account the need of the industry, thereby, leaving it to fend for itself. This will make land acquisition more complex and difficult leading to slower growth in industry and therefore, the economy,\" CII president Adi Godrej said in a statement.Commerce &amp; industry minister Anand Sharma backed the concerns and said that he has already flagged them to rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday. He also proposes to oppose the move when the revised bill comes up for Cabinet approval.\"The recommendations are not acceptable. It will stop industrialization and hamper job creation and infrastructure development, which are public good. Here, the government wants to increase the share of manufacturing from 16% to 25%. But everything including manufacturing zones will be affected\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284878", "title": "Many cracked IIT-JEE in first attempt", "text": "KANPUR: There were a number of students who cracked IIT-JEE in the first attempt.Zubin Arya of Mantora Public School bagged 94 AIR. Son of Kailash Nath Arya, additional general manager in Small Arms Factory, Zubin now wants to pursue BTech in computer science course from IIT-Bombay.The boy showed disappointment over the wrong questions and the proposed pattern change of JEE. He said that more weightage should be given to JEE performance than class 12th percentage in JEE if the changes are to be made for exam in 2013.Having maths, his favourite subject, Zubin studies 3 to 4 hours a day apart from coaching and school studies. Apart from studies, this boy loves playing cricket.Zubin's father and mother were all in praise of their son. They continued to receive accolodes from relatives over Zubin's success. The meritorius student had been preparing for IIT since class IX.He now wants to pursue BTech in Computer Science course from IIT-Bombay.For meritorious student of BNSD Shiksha Niketan, Anuj Batham, who grabbed 4252 AIR, success has more to do with sincere efforts and hard work. Hailing from a humble background, Anuj tried his best to seek good education even after limitations. The school also gave scholarship to this bright student as his father showed helplessness in depositing the tution fees. Always compromised with his basic necessities, the boy dedicated his success to his hard-work and parents.The boy expressed happiness on being selected in JEE in very first attempt. Sharing his success manta with other IIT aspirants, Anuj said he studied for seven to eight hours a day besides from school studies. He loves playing cricket but sacrificed his hobby for an year in 12th boards.Similar was the success story of another BNSD student, Abhay Srivastava, who managed 4295 ranking in IIT-JEE in his very first attempt. But what makes Abhay different from all is his confidence which outstrip even the toppers. This meritorious student who bagged 90.17 percent in 10 boards was sure of getting selected in IIT.Hailing from a middle-class family, his father Vinod Srivastava is a clerk in Allahabad Bank, Abhay never had any grievances with life. Sharing his success story with TOI, the dynamic boy informed that he studied nearly 8 hours a day, while paying attention to all the subjects.He wants to opt for mechanical engineering branch from IIT-Roorkee or IIT-BHU. This topper also rued over the traffic scenario of the city and showed willingness to improve the same if he gets an opportunity.Another BNSD student, Sachin Umrao, a resident of Barra, who bagged 10471 AIR in IIT-JEE (1790 in OBC) is another living inspiration for all those with financial crunch. Son of Ram Narain of Umrao, who is a lower rank employee in a private firm, he had the passion to make his family proud with his hard work. Undaunted by the financial crisis of his family and poor income of hisr father,Sachin never let his limitations come in way of his studies. And at the time when other children used to study in ACs and coolers and had inverters for power-backup during power failures, he used to labour hard under the light of lantern.Five other students from BNSD Shiksha Niketan also managed to crack IIT-JEE in their first attempt. Principal, BNSD, Angad Singh praised the student for their hard work. He also wished the parents of the students and attributed their share in the success of their ward.Shubham Gupta, a student of Virendra Swaroop Education Centre, Avadhpuri bagged 766 AIR. He aspires to opt for computer science branch from IIT-Bombay. While, stating the reason for his preference to CS, the boy said that nothing particular but this branch is quiet popular among all top ranker.Giving all credit of his success to his coaching institute, Pran Classes and his mentor PP Sachan, Shubham claimed to do only one hour self-study apart from school studies. He added that wrong question paper do not match with the prestige of institution like IIT.\"IIT authorities should not allow students' fate to hang in balance. They should make up for the mistakes by granting marks,\" added ShubhamStudents from Virendra Swaroop Education Center, Kidwai Nagar, who managed to crack IIT-Jee in first attempt.Shikhar Trivedi, of Virendra Swaroop Education Centre, Kidwai Nagar bagged 6596 AIR, gave credit of his success to his coaching classes. According to this bright student, nothing will be happen with school studies as they cannot compensate the short tricks taught in coachings.Belonging from a good family where his father works as a manager in Punjab National Bank , Shikhar bagged 94.6 percent in class 10th.He wants to opt for computer science in any IIT he could get admission into.The boy when asked that what will be the next option if he would not be able to managed CS, he replied that he will opt for a good college from AIEEE or UPTU but will not compromise with his branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gabbar singh first week collections", "code": "13292376", "title": "Gabbar Singh First Week Collections", "text": "Gabbar Singh First Week Collections: The one week collections of the Power star Pawan Kalyan-starrer \"Gabbar Singh\" has made the star an undisputed box office king. The film raked around 42.55 crores worldwide in the first week while the whole of AP registered around 28 crores, creating a record of sorts in Telugu movies. After great reviews of \"Gabbar Singh\", the movie has entered into its 2nd week, but there are no signs of a drop in collections as the exhibitors have been constantly asking for more prints to be released. Below is the detailed split of the movie's one week collections in AP and worldwide.Gabbar Singh one week collections (AP collections)Nizam- 9.43cr Ceded-5.90cr Vizag-2.59cr East-2.32cr West-2.19cr, Krishna-1.98cr, Guntur- 3.20cr, Nellore-1.24crTotal First Week Collections (AP) : 28,85,00,000 crKarnataka - 2.7cr Rest of India - 2.00cr Overseas - 9.00crGabbar Singh one week Collections (World wide): Rs. 42.55 croresGabbar Singh first week Collections, Gabbar Singh one week Collections, Gabbar Singh 1 week Collections, Gabbar Singh movie review, Gabbar Singh moviwe review, Gabbar Singh telugu movie review", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13284261", "title": "Team Rajasthan eliminated after 5-wicket defeat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Floundering Team Hyderabad seemed to have saved their best for the penultimate league engagement against Rajasthan on Friday. Dravid's Rajasthan, needing two wins from their last two outings, looked in a spot of bother after batting first.Watch IPL Highlights | Scorecard | Match In PicsTheir total of 126/8 was not enough to test even Hyderabad, who cantered to a five-wicket win sans skipper Kumar Sangakkara at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium on Friday. The defeat ensured Rajasthan's elimination from this year's event with one game in hand.Coming into this game, they needed to win both to stay in the hunt. With their batting coming a cropper, it was left to Shaun Tait and company to keep Rajasthan in the hunt. But the bowling held no terrors for Hyderabad lad Akshath Reddy and the in-form Shikhar Dhawan. Akshath, the 21-year old Ranji opener, impressed with 42 (35b; 4x4, 1x6) as 69 runs came in the first 10 overs.His 63-run (51b) partnership with Dhawan put Hyderabad on a firm footing and though the latter holed out for 26 (24b, 2x4, 2x6), the duo had done enough to ensure the hosts could register their second IPL win at the venue with eight deliveries to spare. Ashish Reddy applying the finish touches with two consecutive boundaries off Tait.Rajasthan have only themselves to blame for this early exit. Hyderabad, true to coach Darren Lehmann's words, having spoilt Rajasthan's party, will be left wondering what could have been.Earlier, once Dale Steyn had neutralised Ajinkya Rahane's threat, the Rajasthan innings lost momentum. The Mumbaikar, back at second place in the batting charts behind Chris Gayle, was left clueless by the South African pacer and it could have been worse than 20/1 had Shikhar Dhawan and Ashish Reddy not dropped Watson and Dravid off Manpreet Gony.Fortunately for the hosts, it didn't prove costly.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13282272", "title": "CPM applies pressure tactics to support cadre", "text": "KOZHIKODE: As the Special Investigation Team (SIT) is closing in on the masterminds behind the T P Chandrasekharan murder, the CPM has adopted a more aggressive stand. The party deputed two senior leaders from Malabar- M V Jayarajan and Elamaram Kareem- to take on the police and the media respectively.Jayarajan rushed to Vadakara deputy superintendent's office on Friday morning demanding the release of Koothuparamba area committee office secretary C Babu. CPM workers organized a march to Koothuparamba circle inspector's office as a mark of protest.After meeting Babu, who was taken into custody on Thursday, Jayarajan said the party member was beaten up by the police and was forced to name a CPM leader. \"When we met him, he was shivering. Police officials told me that Babu will be released soon. I will come back and stage a sit-in if the police fail to keep their word,\" Jayarajan told reporters. He returned in the afternoon with some local CPM leaders when police refused to release Babu. They and sat in front of the office demanding Babu's release. After discussions, it was agreed that Babu will be released after recording his arrest. He was later taken to the SIT office and later released on bail.In Kozhikode, Elamaram Kareem lashed out at the media for acting as 'the quotation team' of UDF. Citing examples, he said a section of the media was highly biased in reporting the developments after Chandrasekharan's murder.He said media reports triggered the attack on party workers and their leaders at Onchiyam and nearby areas. When asked why there were no protests when local leaders from Orkkatteri were arrested, he said the party had taken a stand to approach things carefully in Kozhikode.As the Special Investigation Team is closing in on the masterminds behind the T P Chandrasekharan murder case, the CPM has shifted the gear of its offensive to offer a more aggressive posture.The party deputed two senior leaders from Malabar- M V Jayarajan and Elamaram Kareem- to take on the police and the media respectively. Jayarajan rushed to the Vadakara DySP office on Friday morning demanding the release of C Babu, the Koothuparamba area committee office. CPM workers took out march to the office of the Circle Inspector of Police at Koothuparamba protesting against picking up Babu.After meeting Babu, who was taken into custody on Thursday, Jayarajan said the CPM worker was beaten by the police and was forced to name a CPM leader. \"When we met him, he was shivering. The police officials told me that Babu will be released soon. I will come back and stage a sit-in if the police fail to keep their word,\" Jayarajan told reporters.He came back to the office along with a few other CPM local leaders in the afternoon when the police refused to release Babu. The CPM leaders sat in front of the office demanding Babu's release. After the discussions, it was agrees that Babu will be released after recording his arrest. He was later taken to the camp office of the SIT and was released on bail.In Kozhikode, Elamaram Kareem lashed out at the media for acting like 'the quotation team' of the UDF. Citing examples, he said a section of the media was highly biased in reporting the developments after the murder. He said the media reports triggered the attack on the party workers and their leaders at Onchiyam and nearby areas.Asked why there was no protest when the local leaders from Orkkatteri were arrested, he said the party had taken a stand to approach things carefully in Kozhikode as the incident took place in the district.Kareem said the CPM would soon organise a meet of the families of the martyrs and peoples representatives from the district at Vadakara.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "madikeri", "code": "13281346", "title": "Groom, 3 others drown an hour before wedding", "text": "MADIKERI: Four persons, including an eight-year-old girl and a bridegroom, drowned in Cauvery river at Kanive on Friday morning.Preethi, 8, of Mandya went to answer nature's call at 7am, but slipped and fell into the river. Hearing her cries, her mother, Nela, 27, rushed to rescue her, but ended up drowning herself. Bridegroom Shivanna, 22, son of Revanna and Nirmala of Koppa village, too jumped in to rescue the two, but met the same fate. His mother Nirmala, 47, ran to rescue him, but was pulled in by the strong currents.Shivanna's would-be bride, Lakshmi, 20, was waiting for him in the wedding hall when she heard of the tragedy. A Good Samaritan from Hebbale village offered to marry her but she refused.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13284787", "title": "Graduates yet to warm up to council polls", "text": "MANGALORE: There are thousands of graduates in South-West graduates' constituency, spread across five districts, but the number of graduates who have voting right is less than 45,000.As per the voters' list published by the Election Commission, only 43,593 graduates, who have registered their names as on December 12, have the right to choose the member of the Legislative Assembly from South-West graduates' constituency. Political leaders, too, agree that the number of voters in the constituency is very less considering the fact that it has five districts including Dakshina Kannada, Udupi, Chikmagalur, and parts of Shimoga and Davanagere.The statistics speak of the lack of awareness among youth regarding election to graduates' constituency. DK district is an education hub and produces thousands of graduates, yet there are only 7,754 graduates, who have the right to elect members of the Legislative Council from the constituency.Former MLC and candidate from BJP Capt Ganesh Karnik says it is the responsibility of every graduate to ensure that they register their names after graduation. \"The Election Commission needs to take initiatives in this regard to create awareness among the youth. We have done our best to see that more graduates have enrolled themselves to become voters,\" he added. Meanwhile, SL Bhoje Gowda, candidate from JD(S) said that government needs to take initiatives to increase the number of voters in the constituency through campaigns. The notification for the election was made on May 16 and election will be held on June 10 from 8am to 4pm.Majority of the graduates, who are appearing for the competitive examination for the recruitment of lecturers for government PU colleges in the state, may not be able to exercise their franchise as election is also scheduled for the same day.The department of PU education has already announced the dates for the examination to recruit 1,764 lecturers under Recruitment to the Cadre of Lecturers of Government PU Colleges (Special) Rules 2011. Accordingly, competitive examination for history, mathematics, biology, botany and Sanskrit will be held on June 10.Bhoje Gowda said that they have already urged the state election commissioner to take initiatives to postpone the examination. \"We will approach the high court, if the department does not postpone the examination,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284995", "title": "Kanpur to get its own airport soon", "text": "KANPUR: Survey of land for a new airport in city will start soon. Till now domestic flights were operational from an airport of Indian Air Force. A meeting in this regard was held in New Delhi on Thursday, where Union Coal Minister Sriprakash Jaiswal met Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh and put forth his demand of developing a new airport in the Industrial city before him.\"Civil Aviation Minister Ajit Singh has assured Union Coal Minister Shriprakash Jaiswal of soon conducting a survey in this regard. Civil Aviation Minister will direct AAI (Airports Authority of India) soon to conduct a survey for selection of land within the periphery of 20-25 km from the city for developing a new airport to expand the services at the earliest. The Airports Authority of India (AAI) will later asked the state government to provide the land surveyed for developing an airport,\" informed Arun Dwivedi, spokesperson of Union Coal Minister. \"The airport will promote air connectivity and help in boosting the economy of the city,\" he said.Though the city is presently served by an airport of Indian Air Force at Chakeri in Ahirwan, it has been a long pending demand to have a full-fledged airport in the city.Chakeri Airport is an airport that was originally designated for the Indian Air Force. In the 1970s, flights were operated from this airport regularly to Delhi, and other metro cities. For a long time, passengers of Kanpur, Unnao, Fatehpur, Kannauj, Etawah have had to travel to Amausi Airport in the state capital (Lucknow), a 2-3 hours drive, for taking a flight to New Delhi, Mumbai or overseas. The Civil Air Terminal of Kanpur Airport was re-opened in December 2004. At present only a single flight between Kanpur-Delhi is operational on this airport.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13278338", "title": "Haryana shortlists 4 names for state human rights commission", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Haryana may soon have a human rights commission , as the state home department has shortlisted some retired high court judges for the proposed rights watchdog.Names of Bhawani Singh, former chief justice Gujarat high court, Mukul Mudgal and V K Jain, both former chief justices of Punjab and Haryana high court and former chief justice of Rajasthan high court, Jagdish Bhalla were shortlisted by a facilitation committee comprising state home secretary, Samir Mathur, chief secretary P K Chaudhary and retired high court judge I P Vashist at a meeting held on May 7, sources said.A final decision on selecting a chairman out of these four names and names of two other members of the panel would be decided by the 3-member committee on June 5.The state government had taken an unduly long time in constituting an HR commission and deferred it several times in the past in spite of persistent demand from various organizations and a large number of complaints about blatant violation of human rights by government machinery in the state.Haryana is among the few states in the country, which do not have any rights panel. Neighboring states like Punjab, Himachal Pradesh (HP) and Rajasthan have rights panels.So far, the state government had been delaying appointment of a rights panel citing reasons like \"adequate mechanism existing in the state\" to deal with people's grievances at local level, including grievance committees at all district headquarters of the state.A division bench of the HC had criticized the dilly-dallying attitude on the part of the government over constituting the panel, saying, \"In our considered opinion, the mechanism involving the officials and other persons who are associated with the administration of the state, may not provide a sound system for redressal of grievances of citizens of that state\". The HC had also found it against the spirit of international treaties and covenants, which stress upon protection of human rights.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280288", "title": "'Strange' questions in Integrated Common Entrance Examination floor experts", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Integrated Common Entrance Examination (ICET) for admission to MBA and MCA courses held at various centres in the state came as a shock for several students who had to tackle unfamiliar questions. While in the analytical ability section certain questions which were never asked in earlier ICETs surfaced, in the mathematics section questions were based on two or more concepts making them time consuming and difficult to crack. Around three errors had also crept into the question paper while one question was found to be out of syllabus, experts said. The test was conducted by Kakatiya University, Warangal.However, there was no change in the question paper pattern and the marking scheme. Like last year 150 minutes were given to candidates to answer 200 questions. Analytical ability and mathematics had 75 questions each while communication ability had 50 questions. While analytical ability and English sections were not that difficult, the mathematics paper floored students, coaching experts from the city said.As per analysis of city coaching centres, in booklet code A, question number 42 (reasoning section), the correct answer was not given among the options. Similarly, the question numbers 82 and 143 in the same booklet, the right answers were not given among the options. Question No 137 was out of syllabus.Experts said that the question paper was different from any in the past one decade. \"Till last year the paper used to be very simple compared to those in other states including Maharashtra CET. Students who do not have a mathematics background might have difficulty in cracking the examination,\" said Manoj Sethi, course director, TIME coaching institute. Students from all academic backgrounds excluding those from bachelor of law and bachelor of fine arts are eligible to take ICET. \"For two questions under data sufficiency, the data given was inconsistent and this would have had the students in a fix in choosing the right answers,\" explained Sethi.Experts said that since the ranks are declared as per relative marking, students might not be affected . \"The difficulty level would be almost the same for all students and, hence, there is no need for worry,\" an expert said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13285044", "title": "Miss this, and the next one's in 2117", "text": "KOLKATA: If you have a pair of sun goggles, get them dusted for a celestial event on June 6. Venus will crawl across the disc of the sun that day and it can be seen in Kolkata from sunrise till around 10am.The event has generated tremendous interest across the world since the next transit will occur only in 2117.As with a solar eclipse, do not look at the sun with naked eyes. \"Since Venus will only cover 1/32 of the sun's disc, looking the event with the naked eye is a strict no-no. You should use scientifically tested aluminized Mylar filter (sometimes called as solar goggles) or No.14 welder's glass,\" said MP Birla Planetarium director (research &amp; academic) Debiprosad Duari.Using exposed X-ray plates or smoked glass is very dangerous, he warns. \"The best method is to project the sun's image through a telescope or a pinhole camera on a screen or a plane white surface,\" he says.Venus' transit is an extremely significant event because it was central to the evolution of the first concrete concept of the solar system and ushered in the modern era of astronomical observations for calculating some parameters of the solar system.Kolkata will miss out the first half of the event as it will happen before sunrise.\"The event is quite rare. Once a transit occurs, it will happen again after a span of eight years. But thereafter a transit will not be seen for 105.5 years. Again after a pair of transits, the next one will happen after a gap of 121.5 years,\" explained Duari.On June 6, the transit will last for about 5 hours 40 minutes. The last part of it will be visible in India. For Kolkata, the transit will start around 3.40am.The greatest transit - when the black dot of Venus can be seen at the innermost point of the disc of the sun - will occur at 7.02am. The transit will end at around 10.20am. The small disc of Venus will touch the Sun's disc internally at 10.04am and will be completely out at 10.21am. On June 6, the sun will rise around 4.51am in Kolkata. Though the transit should be seen then onwards, realistically it can only be viewed properly around half hour later.First predicted by Johannes Kepler , the transit of Venus gave proof of Galileo Galilei's sun-centered model of the solar system.The entire event of the transit of Venus will be visible from eastern Australia, New Zealand, New Guniea, the Philippines, northern Asia, eastern China, Korea, Japan, the islands of the western Pacific Ocean , Hawaii, Russia, Alaska and north-west Canada. In the far north, the entire transit can also be seen, since the sun will not set. From eastern Canada , United States, the Central America , Caribbean and northwest south America where only the first part of the transit will be visible, before the sun sets down.However, not all inferior conjunction results in a visible transit. This is because the orbital plane of Venus is inclined at an angle of 3.4 degree to the Earth-Sun orbital plane and Sun, Venus and Earth may not be in a straight line.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13277456", "title": "Mamata bats for SRK, calls ban undemocratic", "text": "KOLKATA: West Bengal chief minister Mamata Banerjee stood staunchly behind her state's brand ambassador on Friday as she disapproved of the Mumbai Cricket Association's five-year ban on Shah Rukh Khan . Calling the ban \"undemocratic\", she said SRK was handed a harsh punishment for a minor offence.Mamata warned a section of politicians against posting derogatory remarks against the actor on social networking sites.\"I think a mountain is being made out of a molehill. We love Shah Rukh. This is not the first time he has faced harassment,\" she said.Alluding to the actor's detention at US airports, Mamata said he was ill-treated abroad, too. \"I am not saying this because Shah Rukh is Bengal's brand ambassador nor am I saying this as a CM. I am speaking as a citizen of the country,\" she said.Mamata didn't spell out if she would take up the matter with Maharashtra CM Prithviraj Chavan or MCA chief Vilasrao Deshmukh. \"I won't reveal what I plan to do, but this is an unfortunate incident. From media reports it seems there was a minor altercation,\" Mamata said.While conceding it shouldn't have happened, she said, \"Nobody did anything intentionally. After his children and their friends were pushed around by some policemen, Shah Rukh protested. Some people are unnecessarily trying to make an issue out of this.\"Warning politicians against exploiting the controversy, she said, \"Just like Sachin Tendulkar , Shah Rukh is our pride. I found some political parties posting defamatory messages on Facebook and Twitter. Don't play with fire.\"Bengal sports minister Madan Mitra echoed Mamata and said Kolkata would give SRK a warm welcome. \"She (Mamata) was the first to suggest a Bharat Ratna for Tendulkar. Eden Gardens is waiting eagerly to welcome Shah Rukh,\" Mitra said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277782", "title": "Size a hurdle but United States citizen gets new hip joint", "text": "NEW DELHI: Kipp Archambault, a school teacher from the US, travelled all the way to India to get his degenerated hip replaced but his unusual height and heavy body weight made the commonest of this orthopaedic procedure a gargantuan task. He also had a blood disorder that the doctors had to contend with. The 56-year-old man weighs more than 130 kg and is six feet and seven inches tall.Doctors said the size of his hip joint was considerably larger and special implants were imported from the US to conduct a total hip replacement surgery.\"He is my tallest patient yet,\" said Dr Yash Gulati, joint replacement and spine surgeon at Apollo Hospital who operated on Kipp. A hip replacement surgery involves removing the degenerated or diseased joint and replacing it with an artificial joint, called prosthesis. The hip prosthesis consists of a ball component, made of metal or ceramic, and a socket. \"In this case, the patient had a large skeletal frame. We had to arrange a custom-fit hip socket and other implants for him because the normal size did not fit. For example, we used a 90 mm artificial hip socket. The normal size is between 48 mm and 64 mm. The femoral stem was also replaced with a larger-sized implant,\" said Gulati.Kipp said he had been suffering from severe hip pain since four years and he had to limp to move from one place to the other. \"I could not sleep due to pain and I was gaining weight because I could not do workouts. I went to many hospitals in the US but the charges were simply unaffordable. Finally, my daughter, Angelique, told me that hip replacement surgery is cheaper in India and we came here,\" he said. Kipp said two weeks after the surgery, he is now able to stand on his own and the pain has gone almost.\"We are flying to the US today. I had postponed my wedding plans for dad's surgery. Now, we are going to have grand celebrations and party,\" said Angelique, herself a wedding planner.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280561", "title": "State Human Rights Commission issues notices to government officials in Unnao rape case", "text": "LUCKNOW: Taking suo motu cognizance of the TOI report on rape of a teenage girl allegedly by her teacher in Unnao, Uttar Pradesh Human Rights Commission on Friday issued notices to principal secretary home, UP DGP, Superintendent of Police (SP) Unnao and vice-chancellor of the Chhatrapati Shahuji Maharaj Medical University seeking a detailed report about the incident by June 14. The commission has also directed SP Unnao to personally monitor the case registered against the teacher Hari Narayan and cook Anuradha. Principal secretary home has been directed by the UPHRC to ensure payment of Rs 25,000 compensation to victim's family by June 7 and MU to provide free treatment to the girl.Justice Vishnu Sahai, member UPHRC, in his order stated, \"A perusal of the news item published under the caption \"Teacher rapes girl, cook terminates her pregnancy\" in The Times of India on May 18, 2012 shows how in a beastly manner one Hari Narayan, a teacher in government run Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya, Unnao, raped a 14-year old girl and Anuradha, a cook in the school, forced her to take pill which resulted in excessive bleeding. The victim was rushed to hospital. Her condition is still critical. According to the chief medical superintendent of the said medical university, the uterus of the victim has been damaged and certain internal complications have developed, An FIR has been lodged and Hari Narayan and Anuradha have been arrested\".Justice Sahai, further said \"I make no bones in observing that if the aforesaid facts are true, it is a fit case wherein the fundamental right to life guaranteed to the victim by Article 21 of the Constitution in which is implicit the right to life with dignity has been violated in a most savage manner by Hari Narayan, who being a teacher at the government run Kasturba Gandhi Balika Vidyalaya, Unnao is a public authority.\" He also stated that it is indeed distressing and shocking that a teacher who was expected to act like a guardian/father of the victim raped her in such a depraved manner. If Commission remains a mute spectator to such happenings, incidence of such offences would rise and the citizens would become sceptical about its existence.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13278807", "title": "Nagpur's three toppers", "text": "First - Kartik Tidke - AIR 277A student of Shivaji Science College, Kartik was astonished to find his name in the top 300. \"I was confident of making it the top 500 but this news was just overwhelming. I give the credit of my success to Resonance coaching centre staff members who helped me understand the basic concepts and develop a clear approach towards the exam,\" Kartik said. Even in his SSC exam Kartik had scored 95.40%. He continued his high ranking spree in this exam as well. Now, he is hoping to get admission for computer science faculty in IIT-Bombay. Kartik's father works for the state irrigation department in Gondia and he is the first member in the family to crack the IIT.Second - Ojas Deshpande - AIR 775Dharampeth Science College student Ojas Deshpande has finally achieved his dream of learning at one of the IITs. Ojas is hoping that he will get admission into mechanical engineering branch at IIT-Bombay. He had scored 95% in his CBSE Std X board exams and is keen to pursue his engineering dream. \"My father works as an engineer with a private company and I too was keen to join the same field since childhood. I give credit to IIT Home for helping me achieve my dream.\" A Sachin Tendulkar fan, Ojas studied for 10 hours a day on an average.Third - Priyancy Jain - AIR 829Priyancy Jain, city's number three and also the topper among girls, turned out to be an odd out in the family as she chose to pursue IIT dream. Priyancy, a Hislop College student, said, \"Everyone in my family is into business hence this IIT choice was very unique. Since childhood I was keen on pursuing engineering and there is no better place for it then the IITs. Nisha Kothari from IIT Home helped me a lot when I lost two weeks of studies due to illness. I was worried about lagging behind but she encouraged me all the time and I am happy that I delivered.\" Priyancy wants to join IIT-Bombay and pursue electronic engineering. She scored 91% in CBSE Std X board exam from Tumsar, where her family resides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13291751", "title": "Will Smith slaps reporter at Men In Black 3 premiere", "text": "Will Smith lost his cool at the Russian premiere of Men In Black 3, when a reporter got too close for comfort.The 43-year-old slapped a Ukrainian reporter across the face on the red carpet of his latest movie, after he tried to kiss the actor on the lips.The Academy Award winner angrily pushed the man away and then backhanded him across the face.After Smith slapped the guy, he said, \"He's lucky I didn't sucker punch him,\" TMZ reported.Apparently the man who kissed Smith is a television reporter who often kisses celebrities.A source on scene tells TMZ, the reporter's mouth brushed up against Smith's and that's why the actor reacted so violently.Despite the incident, Smith stayed positive and happily continued to sign autographs for fans and do red carpet interviews.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283870", "title": "TV that \u2018vanishes\u2019 when turned off", "text": "LONDON: Carrying on the current trend for ever thinner and more unobtrusive sets, the television of the future could be a see-through panel which \"vanishes\" on being turned off , it has been claimed. The technology - TOLED - actually exists, although it's still fairly crude, and producing panels of this size is not currently possible.A Loewe television using a TOLED screen, designed by Michael Friebe, was shortlisted in the 2011 iF Concept Design competition.\"As the first of its kind , the Loewe Invisio introduces technical innovation, combining conventional LCD and latest TOLED display technology,\" the Daily Mail quoted Friebe as saying . \"This allows is to create non-transparent /solid moving pictures with rich colour reproduction and full contrast range from solid black to pristine white,\" he said.Loewe are no strangers to out-there TV technology - they introduced an internet-connected TV in 1998 , before iTunes or YouTube existed .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kollam/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13276733", "title": "Italy calls envoy for talks after SIT chargesheet", "text": "KOLLAM/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Nearly three months after the Enrica Lexie incident, the special investigation team (SIT) on Friday filed a chargesheet before a Kollam court even as Italian deputy minister of foreign affairs Staffan de Mistura said bilateral ties between the two nations would be affected if the trial of the two jailed naval guards was not fast-tracked.The charge sheet named naval guards Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone as the first and second accused in the case. They were charged with murder under the Indian Penal Code and also under the Indian Maritime Law.The 196-page charge sheet also framed charges under IPC sections 302 (murder), 307 (attempt to murder), 427 (cause mischief or damage) read with 34 IPC (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention) and article 3 of the Suppression of Unlawful Act of International Maritime Navigation.The SIT said it had \"scientifically\" proved that the incident occurred within the prescribed 22 nautical mile-limit in Indian waters. The charge sheet also listed vital exhibits seized from the ship -- six Beretta guns, two light machine guns (LMG), 1,090 bullets, voyage data recorder (VDR), deck-log of the ship and its GPS. It also stated that the two marines fired 20 rounds at the boat without proper warning.Around 60 witnesses are listed in the charge sheet, including crew members of the vessel, boat and officials of the Coast Guard and customs. On Saturday, the district and sessions court will deliver its verdict on the bail plea moved by the two marines.Meanwhile, Italian deputy minister of foreign affairs Staffan de Mistura said ties between the two nations would be affected if the trial was not speeded upWhile talking to Latin Catholic Archbishop Soosai Pakyam at the Bishop House in Thiruvananthapuram on Friday, Mistura reiterated his country's stance that the firing which killed two Indian fishermen took place on international waters. Besides, the firing was a case of misunderstanding, he said. The marines had mistaken the fishermen for pirates and they opened fire as part of their duty to protect the vessel Enrica Lexie, Mistura said.The Italian minister, who led a delegation to Kerala, also said the compensation given to the families of the fishermen was a humanitarian gesture from their part. \"We know that money can never be a substitute for the lost lives,\" he said.Italian consul general Admiral Giampaolo Cutillo and military attache Franco Favre accompanied Mistura when he met the bishop.Later in the day, the delegation met chief minister Oommen Chandy and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan at the chief minister's office. Mistura urged the chief minister to facilitate speedy trial for the marines.The delegation, which reached the city on Thursday, had met the two marines, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone at Poojapura Central Prison here.Responding to the chargesheet, the Italian foreign ministry said it had decided to recall its envoy in India for consultations. \"In light of the developments in the situation in Kerala and the charges against the two Italian servicemen, Massimiliano Latorre and Salvatore Girone, the Italian ambassador to New Delhi, Giacomo Sanfelice, has been recalled to Rome for consultations with the government,'' it said in a statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "vadodara", "code": "13305150", "title": "Aditya wins Maharaja Pratap Sinh snooker title", "text": "VADODARA: Ace cueist Aditya Mehta added another feather in his cap when he defeated former Asian champion Alok Kumar to win the snooker title at Maharaja Pratap Sinh Coronation Gymkhana National Invitation Billiards and Snooker tournament on Saturday.Aditya defeated Alok 5-3 in the title clash to run away with the honours.With the Asian and the Kolkata Snooker Champoinship crowns already in his kitty, Aditya claimed a hat-trick of titles.\"I'm overjoyed by my consistent performance. Every win gives me further reaffirmation in my skills and motivates me to continue performing diligently. With each title I win, it feels a step closer to my goals to become a perfectionist at my game,\" Aditya said after the match.Aditya will be seen back at Sheffield for his Pro Circuit Tour.Earlier in the 2007 world champion Rupesh Shah (ONGC) of Gujarat lifted the billiards trophy, defeating former world champion Ashok Shandilya 5-1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277670", "title": "Tribals lynch BJP leader in Satna district", "text": "BHOPAL: A former BJP councillor and his two nephews were allegedly beaten to death by tribals in a village in Satna district on Friday over grabbing of a large tract of government land.A tribal, identified as Jagan Kol, was also killed when the BJP leader allegedly opened fire on villagers residing on the disputed plot.Ex-councillor Dharmendra Singh Parihar, 45,-husband of sitting BJP councillor from Satna town Meera Singh Parihar-and his two nephews Deepu Singh, 28, and Binnu Singh, 24, were lynched by tribal residents of Babupur village, 40 km from Satna town, when they opened fire, resulting in the death of Jagan Kol on the spot.The four were left dead during the violent armed clash over capture of a 35 acre of government land in the Uchhehra police station area.According to the police, Parihar recently purchased 17 acre land adjacent to the 35-acre government plot occupied by the Kol tribal community. After the gruesome incident, tribals told the police that the BJP leader was pressuring residents to vacate the land he was allegedly intending to occupy it illegally.On Thursday, Parihar surveyed the state-owned land with a gang of henchmen and gave an ultimatum to the villagers. He fired a round in the air and threatened the residents with dire consequences if the land was not vacated in 24 hours. Next morning, he arrived with seven armed men, including his nephews Deepu Singh and Binnu Singh.An altercation began between the villagers and the BJP leader following which Parihar asked his men to set ablaze the hutments. Seeing their houses on fire, the tribals turned aggressive and Parihar's men opened fire on them. Police are not sure about the number of rounds fired, but resident Jagan Kol was hit in the chest and collapsed. As Jagan died on the spot, the tribals surrounded the BJP leader and his men. Four of Parihar's men, all of them his relatives, managed to escape.Speaking to TOI, inspector general of police GR Meena said: \"Two cases have been registered, one against 60 tribals and another against those who came to capture the land. Both cases have been registered for attempt to murder, murder, rioting, rioting with deadly weapons and unlawful assembly. There were no arrests till late evening hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13278128", "title": "Exploitation of Punjabi youth in Iraq, probe ordered", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab state commission for NRIs has issued a notice to The Protector of Emigrants - responsible for granting emigration clearance to people - for addressing a complaint related to exploitation of a Punjabi youth in Iraq. A Dakoha village (Jalandhar) resident, Om Parkash, has alleged that his son Vicky was sent to Iraq by an agent in the village but is being exploited abroad, never paid, and given just one meal a day.In a recent order, the commission comprising chairman Justice (retd) Arvind Kumar and member Jagtar Singh asked the police commissioner of Jalandhar to probe the matter and submit a report by May 30.Om Parkash said, \"My son is forced into rigorous work day and night and allowed to eat only once a day. He is suffering from acute fever and is wounded.\" It has been mentioned in the complaint that unauthorized agents send aspirants abroad, where they work like slaves. The Protector of Emigrants has been asked to appear before the commission.The commission mentioned that the Protector General of Emigrants is a statutory authority under the Emigration Act that is responsible for the welfare and protection of emigrant workers. It regulates the recruitment through agents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282228", "title": "Patna city SP told to file affidavit in teen abduction case", "text": "PATNA: Patna High Court on Friday directed City SP, Patna, to file an affidavit in a case related to the kidnapping of the daughter of senior HC lawyer Ajit Kumar Singh. The HC also directed the Patna police to file a progress report in this connection. A division bench of the HC comprising Justice Navaniti Prasad and Justice Ashwini Kumar Singh passed the order on a petition filed by Singh in the HC seeking recovery of his daughter. Singh's 18-year-old daughter has been missing from her Anandpuri residence since April 24. The court also asked the police to adopt 'technical approach' for the girl's recovery while directing the police to expand the base of its investigation. The next date of hearing has been fixed on June 14.Taking cognizance of the matter, chief justice Rekha M Doshit had recently directed senior police officials including the DGP to ensure safe recovery of the girl within 24 hours. However, the girl is yet to be located.A local court, on April 28, had issued arrest warrant against Sunil Kumar, accused in the kidnapping case. A special police team had also raided the ancestral house of the accused at Dumraon but failed to locate him and the girl.Summoned: A division bench of the high court comprising Justice Shiv Kirti Singh and Justice Vikas Jain on Friday summoned director, higher education, in a contempt case filed by one, Chandrika Prasad Singh. Singh, in his contempt petition, had stated that the court's earlier order with regard to regularization of services of employees of B R Ambedkar Bihar University, Muzaffarpur, had not been complied with. The court asked director, higher education, as to why contempt proceedings should not be initiated against him for failing to comply with the court's earlier order in this regard and fixed the next date of hearing on June 26.Recruitment of SIs: The same bench on Friday, in a contempt matter, filed by one, Rupa Kumari and others, directed the state government to file compliance report regarding the recruitment of 69 successful OBC candidates in the examination held for sub-inspectors. The posts were advertised in 2004 but the recruitment of the 69 OBC candidates was not done.The petitioners' lawyer, Helal Ahmed, said according to the provision, caste certificate was to be obtained by the candidates from the district magistrates of their respective areas. However, some candidates procured the certificate from the SDOs concerned, Ahmed said adding the Bihar State Staff Selection Commission permitted them to appear at the said examination. When the final results were published, these candidates were deprived of the caste benefit as their names appeared with the general category candidates, Ahmed said and added a writ petition was filed by these candidates against the commission.A single bench of the court had earlier given ruling against the candidates after which they filed an LPA in the high court. The court, allowing appeal, passed order in favour of these candidates, on the basis of a 1982 circular which clearly states that for appearing at the examination, certificates are to be obtained from the SDO office only, whereas during appointment, certificates from the DM is required. The court held their selection valid and ordered for their accommodation, Ahmed said and added against this judgment, the state government filed an SLP in the SC, which was dismissed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277637", "title": "SRK never hit me: MCA guard", "text": "MUMBAI: MCA security guard Vikas Dalvi, who is at the centre of the spat between the cricket association and Team Kolkata co-owner Shah Rukh Khan, has clarified that the actor never hit him. The 52-year-old, however, added that others accompanying Khan, presumably his bodyguards, did manhandle him.\"When I stopped Khan and the children, the people who were with him pushed me and said 'yeh ground hum ne khareed lee hai (we have bought this ground)',\" Dalvi was quoted as saying on a news website. \"I told them that it was past closing time and that they could not enter the ground, after which Shah Rukh Khan started abusing me and his companions manhandled me. I could clearly smell alcohol during the entire incident.\"Following the episode, Dalvi has gone on leave. The security guard is reportedly being shielded from the media by MCA and has not been allowed talk to newspersons. \"He wanted a four-day leave, saying he was tired after what happened,\" said a senior MCA official. There are also varied versions about Dalvi's conduct over the years. While an MCA official said he was a \"very well-mannered\" man, a TV reporter claimed that Dalvi had misbehaved with mediapersons earlier.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13305825", "title": "ICSE schools in Varanasi see 100% results", "text": "VARANASI: A hundred percent result was witnessed in the Indian Certificate of School Examinations (ICSE) as the results poured in from different schools in the city on Saturday.As per reports of WH Smith Memorial School, all the 147 students appearing in Class X and total of 115 students, including 55 students in science group and 60 students in commerce group, in Class XII have cleared the examination.Nitisha Verma (97.2%) emerged topper in Class X, followed by Rishabh Mishra (95.8%) and Akshit Singh (94.8%). The results were based on the best scores achieved in five papers.Similarly, Tumul Rai (94%) emerged topper in science group with 94% marks in Class XII in the school. Aurag Agrawal (93.4%) and Vasundhara Singh (92.4%) were other toppers in the group. In the commerce group, Akash Sharma (94%) emerged topper while two girls, Ayushi Shahi (90.6%) and Ayushi Srivastava (90%) were other toppers in the group.Similarly, other schools, including St John's DLW and St John's Marhauli, also claimed hundred percent results in these examinations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13301981", "title": "Lady Gaga to make a cameo in Men in Black 3!", "text": "Will the pop star make a cameo in the much awaited 3d installment of the franchise?Men in Black 3 is all set to hit the big screen in 3D this time around. Other than Will Smith , the film is also most awaited for other reasons.Singer Justin Bieber and filmmaker Tim Burton will be seen in cameo appearances. Pussycat Dolls' lead singer Nichole Scherzinger will be seen essaying the key role of villain Borris's paramour.Reports of Lady Gaga's cameo has also been doing the rounds. Director Barry Sonnenfeld has not ruled out her appearance but hasn't confirmed it either.The director has in fact hinted at her appearance as an alien in the movie! But it remains unclear if at all her fans will be able to see her in this alien avatar.The official confirmation will only come out on 25th May 2012 when the film releases in India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13292622", "title": "Soham flaunts a toned body in Jaaneman", "text": "Soham and Koel are paired together after years for Raja Chanda's 'Jaaneman'. The action film is about Deba and Riya. \"Deba falls in love with Riya when he first sees her. Whether he is able to get his beloved is the film all about,\"said Soham. Mahendra Soni, one of the producer of Shree Venkatesh Films said, \"There is a lot of thinking that has gone into the look of the film starting from Soham's image as an action hero to Koel's makeover.The film has Soham flaunting a toned body, like never before.\"Deba is a young, carefree and jobless man, staying at North Bengal. He has a loyal group of friends who are determined to make him a responsible guy and therefore desperately try to get him a job somehow. One day, Deba comes across a young beautiful girl named Riya who is also looking for a job, and falls for her. He later gets to spot her at few occasions, trying to follow her. One day, Deba goes to the railway station as he is supposed to pick a friend, comes across Riya , apparently in a very tensed mood. The man with him,mistaking Deba to be a cab driver, asks him to drop them at Koochbihar. Excited to give his dream girl a ride, he accepts and escorts them. They stop at a filling station to refuel the car, when Riya suddenly requests Deba to drive on, Deba does as she wishes and takes off without the man with her. Later in the course of the journey they both come to know that both of them are being followed by two different gangs of people for past reasons.Whether they both can escape both gangs and whether Deba becomes able to express his love to Riya forms the crux of 'Jaaneman' along with few twists n turns throughout.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278915", "title": "Railways finally clears Maskasath railway overbridge design", "text": "NAGPUR: Central Railways has finally cleared the design of Maskasath railway overbridge (ROB) which had been stuck for last two years. Nagpur Municipal Corporation (NMC) had submitted three designs but they were rejected every time due to clearance height (gap between the ground and bottom slab of the bridge). Itwari ROB , which is only 61% complete, may be stuck for some more time as railways is yet to clear its design. In the best case scenario it will take another eight months.Mayor Anil Sole told the media on Friday that NMC had designed the bridge with a clearance height of 5.87 metres. However, railway ministry changed the norms and wanted it to be minimum 6.25 m. \"The problem was that if we increase the height of the bridge its length too would have to be increased. This would have entailed demolition of houses. NMC had demolished part of houses in the affected area for IRDP. Had we demolished the houses again the owners would have protested,\" he said.D D Jambhulkar, sub divisional engineer (projects), told TOI that after a lot of research NMC realized that the structure could be built using a composite design. \"This design allows us to provide 6.25 m clearance space but does not increase the overall height of the bridge and thus need for a longer bridge is obviated.\" He further said that the basic design had been approved by railways. \"The final design has been sent to VNIT for clearance. After that, we will forward it to railways for final approval. As basic design has been cleared, final clearance won't be a problem,\" he said.Earlier, Sole visited the site of Itwari ROB. He expressed concern over the slow pace of work and was told by the NMC officials that it was held up due to delay in clearance from Central Railways. He told the media that Nagpur office had cleared the bridge in September 2010 and sent it to head office. \"Now, it awaits clearance from the board, which is expected to meet in another fortnight or so.\" The mayor, however, made it clear that it will take minimum eight months for the bridge to be open for traffic. \"We have no choice but to give another extension,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13303600", "title": "Goa zoo to have aviaries for wetland, terrestrial birds", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's lone zoo tucked in Bondla wildlife sanctuary will soon have birds on display in two aviaries, designed for wetland and terrestrial birds.Deputy Conservator of Forest (Wildlife) D N F Carvalho said the aviaries are planned as a part of the zoo's infrastructure upgradation, which is prominently funded by Union government's Central Zoo Authority (CZA).This would be for the first time that this facility would be displaying birds, since its inception in 1969.Bondla Zoo, situated 60 kms away from Panaji, has been housing only wild animals and reptiles, with no separate enclosure for birds, except Peacock.The zoo is tucked inside Bondla wildlife sanctuary, one of the smallest sanctuaries in the state.Carvalho said the wetland and terrestrial birds would be kept in two separate sophisticated aviaries in the zoo, creating a near natural living condition for them.The state forest department will be studying a model of aviaries from other zoos in the country, which could be emulated here.The exhibits here would be of the same climatic condition, he said, adding that the migratory birds would not be displayed in the aviary.The wetland bird will have aviary with the water body inside while terrestrial bird will be in the aviary replicating their environmental conditions.Carvalho said the forest department is yet to decide on how many species of birds would be kept in the aviary.Bondla Zoo is currently undergoing Rs 20 crore upgradation, which is mainly funded by the CZA.The project which began two years back includes beautification and providing better facilities at this zoo, which has also been a major tourist attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278087", "title": "No intent to harass disabled: IndiGo airline", "text": "NEW DELHI: A day after wheelchair-bound Shuaib Chalklen alleged harassment by IndiGo staff, the airline responded to TOI's queries on Friday afternoon, saying the personnel checking in the passengers inadvertently wrote paralysed on the boarding card of the special rapporteur on disability with the UN Commission for Social Development.The email received from the airline says, \"The IndiGo staff checking in the passengers inadvertently wrote paralysed on Mr Chalklen's boarding card which is NOT the usual process that IndiGo follows. We are taking serious action against the IndiGo staff. We regret the inconvenience caused to Mr. Shuaib Chalklen and hope he will see this experience as an aberration and not the rule at IndiGo.\"Chalklen, who has been wheelchair-bound for 35 years, said he had received no word from the airline. He said the airline was avoiding the basic issue. \"The basic issue is that they do not have a trained staff or the necessary equipment. How do they plan to take care of passengers with disability in future?\" he said.The email claimed Chalklen was offered the airline wheelchair at the check-in counter on Thursday afternoon as his wheelchair was slightly larger and could not pass through airport security. \"Mr. Chalklen was requested to move to the 'IndiGo wheelchair', however, Mr. Chalklen chose to use his own wheelchair and this was refused by CISF at security area.\"It added: \"IndiGo wheelchair was shadowing the passenger. The staff at once provided the wheelchair (not an aisle wheelchair) and the passenger's wheelchair was sent back to the check-in counter to be tagged and sent through the in-line screening.\"On Chalklen's allegation about the confusion over seat on the Mumbai-Delhi flight - he had said that after a passenger refused to swap seats, he was asked thrice if he could move slightly, stand or walk to another seat - the airline said, \"Mr. Chalklen was originally assigned seat 3C, however, the assistant manager requested passenger seated on seat 1D to move to 3C. This took few minutes.\"Echoing Chalklen, activist Javed Abidi of the National Centre for Promotion of Employment for Disabled People said such an incident was not new and the airlines were avoiding the basic issue. \"The airlines have to answer where are the aisle wheelchairs, the wheelchairs. We are going to follow it up with the authorities concerned as these incidents are happening repeatedly,\" he said.The chairperson of Svayam, Sminu Jindal, said that taking action against or dismissing the employees at the lower strata was not the solution. \"The top notches have to understand that the policies have to percolate down to the lowest level,\" she said.She added, \"Apologizing and issuing public statements is not enough. The need of the hour is clear-cut instructions on things that are non-negotiable and this has to go down to the bottom-most level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281933", "title": "Alok made last calls to his parents, sister", "text": "BANGALORE: Alok Ranjan, the 21-year-old engineering stud-ent whose body was found on the railway track at Avathi ne-ar Chikkaballapur on May 11, had called his parents and sister at 7.30pm the previous day, police officers said. Half an hour earlier, Alok spoke to his estranged girlfriend too.Alok's final calls and a Ba-ngalore-Chikkaballapur train that passed by the spot at 8pm raise the possibility of the boy throwing himself before it, police said.The train left Bangalore at 6.35pm and reached Devanahalli railway station at 7.24pm, the officials said. \"After halting for a minute, the train chu-gged towards Chikkaballapur and reached there by 8pm,\" they added. The body was found at 10am the next day. Alok's friends and classmates said he was murdered as he kept making calls till late into the night and no train passed by on the track after 8pm.Alok, who was an electronics and communication student at Nagarjuna College of Engineering near Devanahalli, had a fight with his former girlfriend on the college premises on May 10.On seeing her speaking to another boy, he slapped her. The girl's boyfriend and other students reportedly bashed him up. After that, Alok was allegedly locked up in a college room. He later went missing and made calls to his parents, sister and friend, and told them that his life was in danger.Call content unknownDeclining to divulge call details, police said they will soon come out with information, including the place from where he called.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281519", "title": "Rationalist outfit mulls survey of superstitions", "text": "NASHIK: The Andhashraddha Nirmulan Samiti (ANIS), a rationalist outfit, has mooted a survey of superstitions among tribals before taking measures to create awareness against blind faith. Superstitions have many different facets and there is a need to understand them, for which the ANIS proposed to be a catalyst, Narendra Dabholkar, who is spearheading the anti-superstition movement in the state, said.\"The movement is growing in urban and rural areas. But what needs more attention are the ten tribal districts of the state where superstitions among tribals poses severe challenges. We have proposed to tribal development minister Baban Pachpute that a survey of superstition be carried out through ashramshalas. The ANIS is ready to offer its services to train teachers to carry out the survey as we believe we will be able to formulate a strategy after the assessment of the survey,\" Dabholkar said.Dabholkar was in the city for the annual 'vasant vyakhyanmala', a lecture series organized by Nashikites. Dabholkar said in one form of superstition, women were branded as witches and held responsible for evil happenings in the village.\"There are many such cases which never find place in the news. If this has to stop, one needs to understand the issue and learn about facts, for which a survey is the ultimate option,\" Dabholkar said.Speaking on the pending bill against superstition, Dabholkar said he was hopeful that the bill would be passed in the forthcoming monsoon session of the assembly. \"Never before have the chief minister and his deputy appeared as convincing as the incumbents on the issue. We are hopeful that the bill will finally see the light of the day,\" Dabholkar said.He also pointed out that a Rajya Sabha member of the NCP and former vice chancellor of the Swami Ramanand Teerth Marathwada Vidyapeeth, Nanded, Janardan Waghmare, has decided to introduce a private member's bill on the issue.\"I am in touch with him on the issue. The timely acceptance by state government will only make it easier for the RS member to convince the parliament. Even if the state recognizes the bill first, it will definitely help thinkers in society to take the issue up more vigorously in other states as well,\" Dabholkar said.On the issues of honour killings that were reported in the state during the last two months, Dr Dabholkar pointed out that his organization, which had started focussing on such issues, is finding itself in the right direction.\"During last two years of our starting such organization on the state level, we have been able to solemnize 140 marriages in both the categories. We are sure we will be recognized as an organization that is striving for social change through transformation of the individual,\" Dabholkar said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280366", "title": "CID chiefs' meet", "text": "HYDERABAD: The CID chiefs of various states participated in the annual States CID chiefs' conference at ISBon Friday. Speaking at the conference, director general of police V Dinesh Reddy stressed the need for making CID autonomous.The conference is expected to deliberate various issues, including exchange of criminal intelligence, inter-state coordination and cooperation in crime matters, etc . This is the fifth CID chiefs conference .", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283946", "title": "Plastic-eating fungi to save environment?", "text": "LONDON: Scientists say they have found a \"plastic-eating \" fungi in the Amazon rainforest , which they claim could save the world from one of its biggest man-made environmental catastrophe.A team at Yale University says that the fungus in the Amazon rainforest can break down common plastic polyurethane . One of the most widely used plastics ,the global consumption of polyurethane raw materials in 2007 was above 12 million tonnes , with an average annual growth rate in its use of about 5%.As part of Yale's Rainforest Expedition and Laboratory educational programme , the researchers scoured the Ecuadorian rainforest for plants and cultured the micro-organisms within their tissue, the Daily Mail said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279426", "title": "Biker dies in mishap", "text": "MUMBAI: A BPO employee, Manish Mishra (29), was killed after a lorry rammed into his bike at Borivli Link Road on Thursday.\"At the Chickoowadi junction, Mishra wanted to take a right turn when the lorry hit him from behind,\" a police official said.Cops arrested the driver, Shivaji Angade (38), on charges of negligence. He was granted bail on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284145", "title": "Girls outnumber boys at Punjab Agricultural University", "text": "LUDHIANA: If agriculture was long considered a man's job, records of the Punjab Agricultural University are setting some scores right and proving that girls are fast taking over the field quite literally. Girl students at the university are now outnumbering boys, encouraged mostly by the job-oriented courses on offer.When the university started in 1962, the number of girl students was negligible. Now, of the 2,961 students enrolled with the varsity, 1,650 - almost 56% - are girls.Monika, an MSc student at College of Basic Sciences and Humanities, said her parents had been pressurizing her to do engineering.''But I chose an agriculture-related course as it has more scope in research. Now they feel proud of my decision,'' she said.Ankita, who is pursuing BSc biotech (honours), confessed that she was apprehensive about joining the university as she felt it was male-dominated.''I used to think the courses are more suitable for men, particularly since it involves a lot of field work. But I was proved wrong. It is fun studying here and the course is very enriching. I have already made up my mind to pursue a PhD from the same university,'' she said.Faculty members said the trend began to swing in 2000 with girls also bagging all the roles of honour, which were usually won by boys. ''Girls are topping in all departments of PAU. When university was started in 1962, there was hardly any girl student but now trend has clearly changed. We are, in fact, getting more applications from girls,'' said Dr Jagtar Singh Dhiman, PAU's additional director communication.Dr Gurbax Singh Kahlon, head of PAU's department of fruit sciences, said, ''I have been associated with PAU since 1970 and have seen a clear drift in the preference of girls. They have become more focused and are ready to face the sun and get their hands dirty.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282251", "title": "Faith to visit Amarnath improves their fitness", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Driven by faith, thousands of devotees undertake the arduous Amarnath Yatra every year. But, the annual pilgrimage on a challenging mountainous terrain requires good fitness level to reach the Amarnath cave. And, the strict health regimen being observed by them for the last few weeks prior to the departure of the first batch of yatris gives an impression that physical strength combined with mental endurance would be a key factor in accomplishing the faith, which millions have on the cave deity.A local trekker and adventure enthusiast, Rajendra Tiwari said, \"Gone are the days when men and women irrespective of their age and health status never hesitated to trudge along the treacherous route, which takes them to the cave of the \"Barfani Baba\" amidst the high altitude of the Himalayas and hostile weather conditions.\"But, over the years the situation has changed in the backdrop of the fact that weather remains unpredictable at most point of time, which means those caught in between should be willing to face all odds and adversities.Taking a round of the sprawling Parade ground spread over several square kilometres one would find groups of men and women walking that extra mile to make them fit for the trek along the snowlines of mighty Himalayas, where the holy Amarnath shrine is housed. In between the group also indulges in brief sessions of free hand exercise under the watchful eyes of a local trainer and convenor of Prayagraj Sewa Samiti, Teerthraj Pandey.Talking to TOI, he said, \"Usually the training session is organised for those in the middle age-group, whose lifestyle has kept them away from tough physical activity and have followed a lethargic lifestyle. For them in the initial phase taking one or two round of the Polo ground is sufficient to get them going. It is only later, that we make it compulsory to take minimum five rounds of the ground with each round stretching over a distance of one kilometre, which means on an average before departure every yatri is in a position to walk around 5 kms at a stretch without any stopovers.\"Moreover to make the locals familiar with the uneven hilly terrain and steep pathways and hazardous inclines, Triveni Bund built by the legendary Mughal emperor Akbar to save the city from floods is the ideal spot to try the roller coaster ride on foot.He added that this has to be done given the fact that while the route along the Baltal would take one to the holy shrine after trekking 16 kms with brief stoppages. On the other hand the route along Pahalgam via Chandanbari requires a trek of more than 30 kms. But there are arrangements of mules also for those who are unable to walk such a distance.Here it would be pertinent to mention that this year around 1,000 pilgrims have applied for registrations to visit the holy Amarnath shrine to offer prayers to Lord Shiva and take part in the yatra scheduled to start in the second week of June this year.For 60-year-old Phool Chandra Sahu and his 54-year-old wife, Rekha the ongoing fitness schedule apart from building up stamina has also loosened the body muscles through flexing exercises given the fact that two had never practised any daily exercise except than sitting at their shop in the busy Katra market.Same holds true for 45-year-old Rakesh Gupta and his wife Anjali who never found time to concentrate on following a regular physical routine, which could have prepared them for this tough yatra. However, after taking part in the ongoing training programme the two feel that they can now walk the distance with comfortable ease provided the weather remains conducive.Sharing his views, a city-based medical practitioner, Dr PK Kapoor said, \"Fitness conditions are no doubt an essential pre-requisite for this yatra, but one must also carry along necessary medicines and first-aid kit for minor injuries or other related health problems.Besides this some dry fruits and other food items should also be taken along to care of nutritional requirements in case one gets stuck in hostile terrain or weather conditions.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13281725", "title": "Doctor moves high court to quash charges", "text": "KOCHI: The doctor accused of helping sub inspector Biju Salim - who allegedly leaked 'email snooping' documents - in procuring a medical certificate fraudulently, moved the Kerala High Court on Friday seeking to quash the charges against him.A Malayalam news weekly had published communication between police's intelligence unit and hi-tech cell, with thea report claiming that email accounts of 268 persons - belonging to a particular minority community - were ordered to be hacked by police's intelligence wing. Police had arrested the sub inspector for leaking the documents to the reporter.According to police, P Dastagir, who was the chief medical officer of a homeopathy medical college in Thiruvananthapuram, had helped the sub inspector obtain a medical certificate fraudulently by altering patient records so as to enable him to go on leave on days before and after the controversial news was published by a news weekly. In his petition, the doctor has stated that police has raised only one accusation against him - that of facilitating medical certificate fraudulently. It's not an offence that doesn't prevent release on bail and the police hasn't accused him of conspiring in the case in the FIR, the petition said.The medical certificate, alleged to be procured fraudulently, was not used by the sub inspector, the doctor said. Cops haven't t been able to establish his motive for the alleged crime and he had no involvement in it at any stage, the petition stated.According to prosecution, the selective leaking was part of a larger conspiracy to derail non-intrusive and clandestine enquiries by police's special branch unit into activities of organizations that pose a threat to communal harmony in the state.Police had earlier submitted to a magistrate court in Thiruvananthapuram that some religious fundamentalist organizations had a role in the selective publication of a routine communication between its intelligence unit and the hi-tech enquiry wing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293636", "title": "Trisha Refuses Ravi Teja for \u2018Sir Osthara\u2019", "text": "After dusky beauty Amala Paul, it's now the turn of beautiful actress Trisha to turn down Mass Maharaja Ravi Teja's 'Sir Osthara'. Earlier director Parasuram (Bujji) zeroed in on Amala Paul as the female lead, but she backed off from the film due to prior commitments, and now Trisha has refused to be part of this big ticket project too.While the reasons for Trisha's exit is yet to be known, it's touted to be date problems. Trisha took the Twitter route to reveal this news, saying \"Yes it's true that I opted out of \"Sar Osthare\" for various reasons. Hoping to work with Ravi soon in the near future\" (sic). The makers of \"Sir Osthara\" have to now scout for a new heroine and producer Ashwini Dutt is said to be eyeing a debutant.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280518", "title": "India heads towards inking more arms deals with US as Panetta comes calling next month", "text": "NEW DELHI: India is ready to seal more arms deals and further boost defence cooperation with the US but remains unwilling to ink the foundational military pacts being pushed by Washington for years.This, in essence, is the message US defence secretary Leon Panetta will get when he comes visiting here next month. Panetta, who will hold talks with PM Manmohan Singh , defence minister A K Antony and national security advisor Shivshankar Menon among others, is slated to be in New Delhi on June 6. \"China, Pakistan and Afghanistan will also figure in the discussions,'' said an official.India has made it clear in the past that it's not ready to ink the Logistics Support Agreement (LSA), Communication Interoperability and Security Memorandum Agreement (CISMOA) and Basic Exchange and Cooperation Agreement for Geo-Spatial Cooperation (BECA) with the US. \"The position, more or less, has not changed,'' the official said.There is, however, movement forward in two major defence deals. One, the defence ministry recently cleared the acquisition of 145 M-777 ultra-light howitzers from the US in a direct government-to-government deal worth $647 million under the Foreign Military Sales (FMS) programme.Two, Boeing is now on course to bag the $1.4 billion contract to supply 22 missile-armed helicopter gunships to the IAF after its AH-64D Apache Longbow outperformed Mil Moscow Helicopter Plant's Mi-28N 'Night Hunter' in the field trials, as reported by TOI earlier.Despite having lost out in the almost $20 billion MMRCA (medium multi-role combat aircraft) project to supply 126 fighters to IAF, the US has already notched up sales worth over $8 billion over the last decade.These include big-ticket ones like $4.1 billion for 10 C-17 Globemaster-III strategic airlift aircraft, $2.1 billion for eight P-8I maritime patrol aircraft and $962 million for six C-130J 'Super Hercules' planes. Negotiations are now being finalized for acquiring six more C-130J as well as four more P-8I aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282280", "title": "4 youth drown in Hogenakkal lake", "text": "COIMBATORE: Four youths caught in marshy land drowned in Hogenakkal on Friday afternoon. After a two hour search, the four bodies were retrieved and sent to Pennagaram government hospital for post-mortem.According to police, over 20 persons came to Hogenakkal from KV Kuppam near Katpadi in Vellore district. The group was on a picnic to Hogenakkal to escape the summer heat. They reached Hogenakkal on Friday afternoon. The four deceased got separated from the group and went to take a bath in the Arasamaram area where revelers are prohibited from taking a bath. They got caught in marshy land and drowned.The deceased have been identified as M Silamabarasan, 24, D Arun, 19, his younger brother D Dinesh, 18, and J Jaswant Kumar, 18. Silambarasan had completed his class 12 and was working in a private company. Arun was waiting for the class 12 results which will be out on May 22. Dinesh and Jaswant Kumar have completed class 11.Fire and rescue service personnel rushed to the spot along with local boatmen and police and searched for the bodies for two hours. Finally, they were retrieved. The bodies were sent to Pennagaram government hospital for post-mortem.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13292402", "title": "Four more children die at Kashmir's GB Pant Hospital, toll 363", "text": "SRINAGAR: Four children died overnight at the GB Pant Hospital here, taking the death toll at Kashmir's only paediatric hospital to 363 this year.The infants died at the hospital during the intervening night, official sources said today.Soon after the deaths, the attendants and relatives of patients staged a protest outside the hospital premises and blocked the Jammu-Srinagar National Highway by placing the bodies of the infants on the road.The traffic police has diverted all vehicles, coming in or leaving the city.The deaths took place two days after the government ordered an inquiry into the high number of infant deaths at the hospital.Medical superintendent Javed Chaudhury was transferred and attached to medical education department after preliminary inquiry pointed out lack of efficient management.Chief minister Omar Abdullah , who visited the hospital yesterday, said steps for improving the situation have been put in place and a difference will be visible within one week.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281574", "title": "Wholesale prices of onions dip despite policy change", "text": "NASHIK: The wholesale prices of onions in various agriculture produce market committees (APMCs) in Nashik district has declined in the range of 14-19% in the past two weeks even after the removal of the minimum export price (MEP) by the Centre.The Central government on May 2 removed the MEP on onions till June-end after strong demands by farmers and traders so that exports would get a boost and demand would increase, giving farmers better prices. But, this has not worked out and wholesale onion prices in various APMCs have declined by around 19% to Rs 300-370 a quintal on Friday, against Rs 350- 421 a quintal on May 2.\"Both farmers and traders have started stocking good quality onions. The onions arriving in the market are of poor quality and this is the reason average wholesale prices have declined. On the contrary, good quality onions, which are arriving in very low quantities, are being auctioned at Rs 450 a quintal. The summer crop has a shelf life of six to eight months and hence, farmers are not in a hurry to sell their commodity and prefer stocking it. Exports are also not picking up as traders already have old orders at old rates (low rates). Hence, this situation is expected to continue till May or June-end, and exports will pick up afterwards,\" an official from the Lasalgaon APMC told TOI.The average wholesale prices in Pimalgaon APMC, the second-largest onion market in the district, declined by 19.28% to Rs 340 a quintal on Friday, against Rs 421 a quintal on May 2. The minimum and maximum rates were recorded at Rs 151 and Rs 511 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 12,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday in Pimpalgaon APMC.At the Yeola APMC, wholesale onion prices declined by 14.28% to Rs 300 a quintal on Friday, against Rs 350 a quintal on May 2. The minimum and maximum prices were Rs 150 and Rs 396 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 2,500 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday at Yeola.The wholesale prices at the Nashik APMC declined by 18.75% to Rs 325 a quintal on Friday, against Rs 400 a quintal on May 2. The minimum and maximum prices were recorded at Rs 151 and Rs 450 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 1,721 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday at the Nashik APMC.Wholesale prices at the Lasalgaon APMC, the largest onion market in Asia, were recorded at Rs 370 a quintal on Friday, against Rs 370 a quintal on May 2, with the prices remaining constant.The minimum and maximum prices were recorded at Rs 118 and Rs 551 a quintal, respectively, on Friday. Around 20,000 quintals of onions were auctioned on Friday at the Lasalgaon APMC.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280524", "title": "Court to inquire further in defamation case against Army chief", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court on Friday deferred the order on a criminal defamation case filed by Lt Gen (Retd) Tejinder Singh against Army chief Gen V K Singh and four others saying that it will hold an inquiry into the allegations levelled by Tejinder Singh before passing any order on summoning the Army chief.The court also directed the defence ministry to place before it the file relating to the publication of the Army's March 5 press release in which Tejinder Singh was accused of offering a bribe of Rs 14 crore to the Army chief.In its 17-page-order, the court said it was \"prima facie satisfied that the March 5 press release was defamatory\" as \"ex-facie\" serious allegation of \"bribery\" has been made against Tejinder Singh, who had a long and distinguished career in the Army.However, the court said before passing any order, it has to be inquired whether the Army chief and four others named in the complaint had any role in the publication of the press release.The court said that the \"only important question that now survives\" before it is that whether among the five persons, mentioned in the complaint, the Army chief and two others -- Lt Gen S K Singh and Lt Gen B S Thakur -- had any complicity in the publication of the press release.\"I find that at this stage i.e. on the basis of evidence available, this court cannot draw any positive or negative inference and it would be appropriate for this court to postpone the issuance of process and hold an inquiry as per section 202 of the CrPC,\" metropolitan magistrate Jay Thareja said.Section 202 of the CrPC empowers the court to hold inquiry for the purpose of deciding whether or not there is sufficient ground for proceeding in a complaint.Perusing the complaint and the press release, the judge said, \"In my view, at this stage, testimony of the complainant supported by the testimonies of complainant witnesses... is sufficient to prima facie satisfy this court that the press release dated March 5 is defamatory i.e. false and injurious qua the character and reputation of the complainant,\" it said.The court, which was scheduled to pass an order on Friday on summoning Army chief and four others, said that the defence ministry would send the file, relating to publication of the press release before it in a sealed cover.\"In case the file is not available in the office of the secretary, MoD, it is expected that secretary, MoD would summon the file from the Army headquarters and ensure that it is sent in a sealed cover through an appropriate officer, for perusal by this court,\" the court said.It said that as per the facts in the complaint, it does not disclose the commission of offence described under section 211 (false charge of offence made with intent to injure) of IPC because till the filing of complaint, \"no criminal prosecution had been instituted against the complaint\".The court, in its order, said it appeared that the persons named in the complaint had issued the March 5 press release in violation of the Army Act and other rules.\"I find that at this stage of the proceedings, it appears that respondents (named in the complaint) have issued the press release dated March 5 in violation of Section 21 of the Army Act, 1950, Rule 21 of the Army Rules, 1954 and the Defence Technical Publicity Rules, 2004 and therefore, at this stage, the benefit of section 197 (2) cannot be granted to the respondents.Besides the Army chief, Tejinder Singh has named Vice-Chief of Army Staff S K Singh, Lt Gen B S Thakur (DG MI), Maj Gen S L Narshiman (additional director general of public information) and Lt Col Hitten Sawhney, accusing them of misusing their official positions, power and authority to level false charges against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13284584", "title": "KSOU vice-chancellor misleading governor, says Ramdas", "text": "MYSORE: Medical education minister S A Ramdas on Thursday accused the Karnataka State Open University ( KSOU) vice-chancellor K S Rangappa of misleading chancellor and governor H R Bhardwaj.He also took objection to former chief minister H D Kumaraswamy defending Rangappa.\"I have no personal grudge against Rangappa. When we sought information into paramedical courses offered by the university, it was not provided. Even the enquiry officials were sent back. Now, that the CID probe is ordered, the truth will come out,\" he told reporters. Rangappa is misleading the chancellor of the university, he alleged.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ajmer", "code": "13282737", "title": "90 students from Ajmer crack IIT-JEE", "text": "AJMER: For the first time in the last five years, as many as 90 students from the city cracked the IIT-JEE with Arpit Rathi securing the 122 rank in the national entrance examination, the results of which were announced on Friday.Among the elated students who cleared the prestigious exam was Aishwarya Rai . She said her hard work of seven hours daily for the past two years has borne fruit after she bagged the 31 rank in the SC category.Students who cleared the exam in the first attempt were also a happy lot after Friday's results. \"My son got 148{+t}{+h} rank in this national exam and we are happy to see that he is going to settle in future as an engineer,\" said Jaikishan Rupani's father.Several other boys, including, Abhinav Vaishnav, Shriraj Bhardwaj, Anuj Arora, Antiksh Saxena and Nimint Jain also cracked the examination. Among the successful girls are Diksha Maheswari, Jyotsna Kirdyani, Shipra Mathur and Saloni Acharya. This is the highest number of successful students in the IIT-JEE from the city in the last five years.\"Their hard work and continuous studies brought this unique result,\" said Asish Chaturvedi, director of Triumph Academy.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gurgaon", "code": "13277241", "title": "Manipuri woman alleges molestation, late FIR", "text": "GURGAON: A 22-year-old woman from Manipur, a victim of molestation and physical assault, has alleged that police were reluctant to file an FIR in the case and also let off the accused at first.She alleged that while the incident took place on Thursday night, an FIR was lodged only on Friday evening. Moreover, she alleged that a sub-inspector (SI) used racially derogatory terms against her cousin.Narrating the incident, the victim said, \"I was returning to my home after work around 9.45pm on Thursday. I was with my two sisters and a cousin. As I was near my flat in the Chakkarpur area, suddenly the lights went off. A man, who was later identified as Pradeep from the same area, came and grabbed me. I fell and he groped me again. When I tried to hit him, he picked up a brick and tried to hit me in my chest. I managed to block the blow with my arm but got bruised in my arm, knee and fingers.\"We called the police and one PCR came around 11.30pm. The SI and the constable let the accused go after slapping him a few times, instead of filing an FIR. By then some more people from Manipur gathered in the area. When my cousin asked the SI why an FIR was not being filed and why the accused was being released, the police official used racially derogatory terms. Moreover, the SI was without his name plate and identified himself as Rajeev, which was later found to be wrong.His correct name, discovered the next day from the police station, was SI Krishan Kumar, she alleged. Moreover, the SI told us that all doctors had gone to sleep and even I should go home and sleep, claimed the victim. %\"Later when we went to the Sector 29 police station after getting stitches in my finger, staff on %duty wrote a complaint but refused to file an FIR,\" said the victim.She said then they went to the police station at 11am on Friday, the officer in charge at the reporting room said they had lost the complaint and did not file an FIR. \"It was only when the SHO came at 2pm that he sent the police to arrest the accused, Pradeep. Still no FIR was filed,\" she said. It was only after 6.30pm that an FIR was filed, eight and a half hours after I was at the hospital, said the victim. However, the police denied allegations of delay in filing the FIR. SHO Satender Singh said there was no delay on his part in registering the FIR.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13282301", "title": "Kozhikode-Lakshadweep air, sea connectivity hit", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The air and sea connectivity between Kozhikode and Lakshadweep, which share a thriving trade and social link, has been severely hit owing to the cancellation of the sole flight from Karipur Airport to Agatti, and the sharp reduction in the frequency of passenger ship services from Beypore Port to the island.Thousands of islanders depend on Kozhikode for their education, as well as medical and employment needs. And the import and export of goods through the Beypore Port serve as an economic lifeline for the people in the union territory. The Air India Regional , formerly Alliance Air,stopped its budget flight from Kozhikode and Agatti via Kochi from May 1. It's now operational only in the Kochi-Agatti sector. Air India officials said the route had been changed because the base of the flight had been moved to Kochi in line with crew requirements.The sea connectivity too has been hit with 30% reduction in the frequency of the passenger ship service between the islands and the mainland in the last two years.While the number of ship operations stood at 99 in 2010-11, it dropped to 61 in 2011-12. The number of passengers also decreased, from 20,000 in 2010-11, to around 14,000 in 2011-12.And there will be no passenger ship services from Beypore to Lakshadweep till September 15 as the port has been closed to passenger operations owing to the monsoon.Beypore port officials say the ship M V Dweep Setu, operating between Beypore and Lakshadweep, had stopped service for the last one year due to repair and maintenance of the vessel.Port officer Abraham V Kuriakose said the scheduling and operation of the passenger ships are handled by the Lakshadweep administration.Lakshadweep administration officials, meanwhile, said they had been forced to cut down the frequency due to infrastructure constraints at Beypore Port. \"Some of our services to Beypore have been redirected to Kochi as there is shortage of berths in Beypore,\" said Syed Ismail Koya, a senior officer at the Kavaratti Port in Lakshadweep.Malabar Chamber of Commerce and Industry president Anoop Narayanan said the lack of connectivity with Lakshadweep had been affecting the trade sector. People in the island have been depending on Kozhikode for everything from household goods to building materials. The lack of connectivity had led to trade shifting to Kochi, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280994", "title": "Lucknow Municipal Corporation seizes 40 hoardings", "text": "LUCKNOW: An enforcement squad of Lucknow Municipal Corporation (LMC) seized 40 small and big advertisement hoardings during a drive carried out in different parts of the city on Friday.The drive was carried out in zone 5, which comprise localities around Kanpur Road and zone-3 that comprise Aliganj, Purania Crossing and Niralanagar.Municipal commissioner NP Singh said that there have been repeated reminders to the advertisers to ensure that no hoarding is placed in the banned areas, essentially on the national and state highways.The corporation has also been pressing the advertisers to take permissions from authorities like PWD before any hoardings are installed. However, the appeal appears to have fallen on deaf ears.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13297209", "title": "Falling rupee to hurt IT-BPO industry: Nasscom", "text": "NEW DELHI: Weakening rupee may bring cheer for exporters including Indian software services firms like TCS and Infosys , but industry body Nasscom seems concerned with the currency volatility saying it hinders the planning process for the $100-billion IT-BPO industry.\"More than depreciation, the volatility of currency movement is a concern that needs to be tackled since it hinders the planning process for the Indian IT-BPO industry,\" Nasscom said.A 10 per cent-plus movement of currency in a few weeks is definitely concerning for the companies, it added.The rupee has seen wild swings in recent months, mainly on account of FII outflows and the European economic turmoil.For most big companies, the swings may even be neutral as they have hedging programmes in place to counter the currency fluctuations, say market experts.Nasscom, however, differed in opinion. \"While there is a marginal impact on the bottom-line when the rupee depreciates, it is reversed when the currency movement is the other way,\" it said.Moreover, hedging as well as contracts that increasingly take into account the foreign exchange rates make an assumption of a direct correlation between currency movements and margins a bit misleading, Nasscom said.Overall, the depreciating rupee is expected to help IT companies improve their margins as they earn their revenues in dollars. The Indian currency has fallen about seven per cent against the dollar since April.Besides helping revenues and profits, Indian IT firms could also pass on some of the foreign exchange gains as savings to its US clients, helping ride out the lacklustre demand.According to Kotak Securities Head of Fundamental Research Dipen Shah, one per cent depreciation in the rupee has a positive impact of about 25-40 basis points on the margins.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293035", "title": "Sujoy Ghosh dispels Kahaani sequel rumour", "text": "Director Sujoy Ghosh is not at all happy with the news of a sequel to his hit film Kahaani being doing rounds these days. Kahaani, starring Vidya Balan , a story of a woman seeking revenge of her husband's murder, has been a major hit this year and speculations about its sequel have been rife.A disgruntled Ghosh tweeted, \"i read that i am doing a KAHAANI sequel. which one? is this the one where Bidya goes searching for the missing script of Kahaani 2 :)\"With this the director dispels all rumours and speculations of a sequel to his hit film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284475", "title": "Vijay Kumar Thapar wants love for art to flourish", "text": "LUDHIANA: With a motive to inculcate love for fine art among Ludhianvis, Vijay Kumar Thapar, 70, a Sarabha Nagar resident who has been a professional artist for last 27 years, has displayed his paintings at an art gallery along Ferozepur Road.Thapar, who has displayed his works in water colour at Artmosphere Art Gallery, says the idea behind putting up this exhibition is to attract the talented Ludhianvis towards this art form. ''I have displayed 60 paintings here which are up for sale as well. At present, the turn out is not quite encouraging, but I hope the visitors will increase gradually,'' says Thapar.He adds, ''I started painting professionally in 1985 after my hosiery business failed though I was always interested in it and practised it as a hobby. I moved to Bihar where I taught painting to several enthusiasts. One of my works on Jharkhand folk dance has been put up in the VIP lounge of Patna airport.''Thapar returned to Ludhiana in 1995 and continued to earn his livelihood from his paint brush. He says he has made around 2,000 paintings in water colour, oil and fabric paints and has taught numerous art lovers in the city since his return.''Most of my paintings are based on a backdrop of a village or various landscapes,'' he adds.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284278", "title": "Falling rupee excites exporters", "text": "LUDHIANA: The rising value of dollar against rupee might be giving common man sleepless nights, but it has cheered exporters from the city who are ready to cash in on the moolah caused by the difference. Exporters said they are gaining because overseas buyers have to pay in dollars no matter which country they are from.S C Ralhan, chairman of Engineering Exports Promotion Council (EEPC) (northern region) informed that engineering exports from the city - including cycle parts, fasteners and hand tools - are worth over Rs 5,000 crore.''Despite discounts of 15% and increase in price of raw materials, the industry has been able to gain approximately Rs 250-300 crore because of the rising dollar,'' he said.Corroborating to the fact Gurpragat Singh Kahlon, president of Auto Parts Manufacturers Association and vice-president of Chamber of Industrial and Commercial Undertakings said, ''There is undoubtedly an advantage but it will not stay too long. Since what we get in hand will now be more per dollar, there is a great impact on exports. However, in the long run the dollar should remain stable as the rise in price also renders imports costlier.''The hosiery industry, which exports a big quantum overseas, is also enjoying the advantage. ''Hosiery exports from the city are worth over Rs 1,200 crore and the rising dollar has resulted in about 20% increase in profits,'' said Vinod Thapar, chairman of Ludhiana Knitwear Club.He added that buyers overseas are very sharp too and as soon as the dollar value begins to rise they start asking for discounts. ''We also have to budge and so are unable to exploit the situation beyond a point,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13294968", "title": "Tamil Nadu chief minister warns of distress situation for farmers in her state", "text": "CHENNAI: Accusing Karnataka of not ensuring the flows in the Cauvery River as per the prescribed monthly pattern, Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalithaa on Saturday urged Prime Minister Manmohan Singh to convene a meeting of the Cauvery River Authority to sort out the issue. She warned that the Tamil Nadu farmers would soon face a distress situation because of inadequate water flows into the state.\"Karnataka is not ensuring the flows in the Cauvery as per the monthly pattern prescribed in the interim order in force or as per the final order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal in the crucial months of June to September\", the chief minister said in a letter to the PM.Jayalalithaa charged Karnataka with unjustly utilising the water for summer irrigation from February to May by depleting the storage in its four major reservoirs. The combined gross storage in the four reservoirs as on February, 1, 2012 was 58.50 tmcft. While on May 14, the combined storage was 28.176 tmcft, Karnataka has depleted 30.33 tmcft from February 1 to May 14, besides utilising the flows of about 11 tmcft\", she claimed. \"Thus, the total utilisation from February 1 is 41 tmcft,\" she said.Due to depletion of storage during summer months, Karnataka impounds all the initial monsoon flows in its reservoirs and releases water only when they start to surplus, thus affecting the inflows into the Mettur Dam in Tamil Nadu, which consequently affects the crop seasons very badly and also delays the cultivation, Jayalalithaa said, justifying her call for a meeting of the Cauvery Authority, headed by the PM.\"As you are aware, the finalisation of the distress sharing formula evolved by the Central Water Commission is eluding a solution. This has ultimately deprived Tamil Nadu of adequate water which should have been released by Karnataka either as per the interim order of the Tribunal or by the formula evolved\", she said. The Cauvery Monitoring Committee in its 24th meeting had decided to refer the formula to the Cauvery River Authority for consideration when noticeable distress condition occurs in future.\"Such a distress situation may arise at any time\", she said. Moreover, the interim order by the Cauvery Water disputes Tribunal, which is in force, specifies that Karnataka shall not increase its area under irrigation beyond 11.20 lakh acres. But Karnataka was not furnishing year wise details of the area under irrigation, she said.Jayalalithaa also reminded Singh that in an earlier letter to him in October last year, she had requested that he issue instructions to the Ministry of Water Resources to notify the Final Order of the Cauvery Water Disputes Tribunal, passed in February 2007, in the Gazette of India. \"However, the Minister of Water Resources informed me it would be appropriate to consider notification of the order once the matter is disposed of by the Supreme Court.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "yavatmal", "code": "13279257", "title": "Medical re-exam of all 'disabled' zilla parishad staff demanded", "text": "YAVATMAL: Shreedhar Ade, Vidarbha region president of Maharashtra State Bhrashtachar Nirmulan Samiti, has on Friday demanded a thorough medical re-examination of all disabled employees at Yavatmal Zilla Parishad. The complaint addressed to principal secretary of rural development department asks for a panel to be set up by the State Medical Board for this purpose.Ade has alleged that hundreds of employees have produced bogus medical certificates of disability to get jobs in the ZP and other government departments from time to time. These employees have availed all perks and concessions pertaining to the physically challenged.He alleged that these employees have paid bribes to agents of the Yavatmal District Medical Board to obtain bogus medical certificates. These certificates have been used to get appointed as teachers etc. All such employees have to be exposed and this racket bared, he said.Ade told TOI that he had observed an indefinite hunger strike in July 2011 at the Yavatmal Zilla Parishad. He also claims to have submitted documentary evidence to chief executive officer Navalkishor Ram and demanded medical checkup of some employees at Yavatmal Panchayat Samiti. \"Unfortunately, the CEO did not respond to my complaint or hunger strike,\" Ade said.He has urged the principal secretary to order the CEO to send all medical certificates given at the time of appointment and promotions of physically challenged employees to a special state-level panel of medical board. If found bogus, such employees should be shown the door and criminal cases filed against them, he said.Ade also wants CEO Ram to explain why he did not act upon the earlier complaints.TOI has recently exposed how bogus disability certificates have been produced by teachers of Yavatmal and Akola Zilla Parishad to avoid transfers. The story also hinted that the origin of the bogus disability certificate scam was in Yavatmal, and sought a thorough probe.The government has issued new guidelines for transfer of employees, including teachers. Consequently, transfer proceedings in the final stage have been put on hold by CEO Ram, inform sources.According to CEO Ram, the entire exercise for finalizing seniority of employees, including teachers, will have to be processed afresh and hence the transfer orders will be delayed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281499", "title": "Weighing up success and failure", "text": "BANGALORE: Even as the SSLC results made headlines on Thursday, author CK Meena held up a flyer on a Robotics Summer Camp. \"It's about a one-day workshop on gearing up to be back at school!\" she read out.It was followed by a discussion on whether children be taught to pursue success or cope with failure, by former ambassador of India to Unesco in Paris Chiranjiv Singh, and author Poile Sengupta.Singh queried: \"Why should children become parents' pet project? When I came out of school, even with a second class, one could get seats in medicine and engineering. There were no IITs then. In the past 40 years, IIT has become a disease. Look at Indian literature - some characters just don't do anything, they are looked after by their families.\"Today, with results, follow suicides. Success and failure are also part of Meena's book, Seven Days to Somewhere, which she launched on Friday. It talks of a little boy growing up to taste success, giving his dad high-fives about making it to IIT after school, and Harvard thereafter.\"One of my students despised history, she wanted to become an engineer. Together, we studied the subject and she began to love it. She wanted to become a historian, but wasn't allowed to,\" said Poile.Singh too, spoke of his personal experience. \"When my son was in Class 8, he just said one day that he didn't want to go to school. He sat at home for a year. But I was sent to England, where by law we weren't allowed to keep children at home,\" he said. Which brought to perspective three questions: What is a parent's notion of success or failure? What's the yardstick by which they measure success and failure? Why judge your child whatever the yardstick?Parents are enemy no. 1I've taught in schools and found that parents are enemy number one, followed by teachers and peers. Often, the child feels part of a conspiracy when he finds it difficult to summarize in three hours what he's learnt in nine months.Poile Sengupta | Author", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277234", "title": "Marginal drop in day temperature", "text": "BHOPAL: Clouds marginally brought down day temperature on Friday, offering a small relief to residents of Bhopal from the sultry weather. The temperature is likely to remain so in coming two days, weatherman says. It was 40.5 degrees Celsius day temperature in Bhopal on Friday, down from 41.7 C, a day earlier.The meteorological office attributes the climatic conditions to a trough passing over east Madhya Pradesh.The officials of the Meteorological Department, Bhopal circle underlined that the acute rise registered in temperatures in the past two days might be checked for a day or two due to the increased air moisture. The temperature would go up again once the trough gets clear, they added.According to the weather office, cloudy conditions prevailed over Bhopal and Gwalior in the evening. A possibility of thundershowers is not ruled out in remote places.Khajuraho continues to be hottest in the state with a maximum of 45 degrees C while temperature at a number of other places, including Damoh, Datia and Sidhi remained at 43 degrees.The maximum and minimum among the four main cities- Bhopal, Indore, Gwalior and Jabalpur ranged between 42.2 and 25.0 degrees C.In Indore, the maximum remained at 40 C and the minimum at 25 degrees C.Gwalior recorded a maximum temperature of 42.1 degrees and 26.2 degrees C minimum temperature.The maximum temperature in Jabalpur rose to 42.2 degrees against a minimum of 29.2 degrees C.Weathermen said weather conditions would majorly remain dry and humid during daytime on Saturday and clouding may offer some respite in the evening and late hours.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282550", "title": "Government to decide if Jal Mahal land verdict to be challenged: CM Ashok Gehlot", "text": "JAIPUR: Chief minister Ashok Gehlot on Friday said the state government would soon be deciding if the high court judgment on the Jal Mahal land lease case should be challenged before the Supreme Court.Even as the high court scrapped the lease agreement for being illegal and against the public interest, the chief minister almost defended the government decision to hand over the lake and the historical monument in it to a private company for its restoration and maintenance.\"There was a time when it was difficult to pass through the Jal Mahal area; it used to stink,\" Gehlot said, suggesting that the lake and its adjoining area that were in ruins were restored after these were leased out. The same argument was forwarded by the private company before the high court to defend the lease and license agreements awarded to it.The private company, the Jal Mahal Resorts Pvt Ltd, owned by an influential jeweler, Navratan Kothari, was handed over the lake's 100 acre land for an annual lease money of Rs 2.5 crore and the monument for an annual license fee of Re 1. Both, the lake and the monument were leased out for 99 years in the name of boosting state tourism.Speaking on the sidelines of a function at a psychiatric centre, Gehlot also attempted to steer clear his government of the controversies over the lease agreement that was termed illegal by the high court. He said all decisions related to the Jal Mahal tourism development project were taken by the previous Vasundhara Raje government.\"During our tenure (1998-2003) only the tenders were issued. When the BJP came to power after us, all decisions were taken at the chief minister's level,\" Gehlot told reporters.He added, \"Whenever a new government is formed it has the power to hold the previous government's last six months' decisions for a review. If we did any thing wrong in the project, the BJP government should have repealed it,\" the chief minister reasoned.Interestingly, Gehlot even attempted to shift the project's blame on tourism minister Bina Kak, who held the same portfolio during the Congress government from 1998 to 2003. \"During our tenure everything about the project was handled at the tourism department's level only, as it was completely a tourism project. The files never reached me,\" Gehlot emphasised. Targeting Raje also, the chief minister quipped, \"Can't understand why all decisions during the BJP government were taken at the chief minister's level.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281042", "title": "IIT-Delhi emerges as first choice of toppers", "text": "LUCKNOW: Nearly 500 students from Lucknow would get to enter an IIT this year. The results of IIT-JEE were declared on Friday. Of more than 5.6 lakh candidates who took the test, nearly 19,000 have qualified for the IITs.Securing the All India Rank (AIR) 31, Raghuvansh Raj Saxena remained the city's topper. Celebrating his success with his friends , family and mentors, Raghuvansh said, \"It feels great but I was expecting a rank in top ten.'' Having cleared the exam in his first attempt, Raghuvansh intends to do engineering in computer science. However, he is still unable to make up his mind regarding the IIT he wants to study at.Meena Sahai, mathematics teacher at Lucknow University and Raghuvansh's mother, said, \"IIT-Delhi is what he wants because it is in a metro city, but we are trying to convince him for IIT-Kanpur because of proximity and better faculty in computer science.\"Another top ranker from the city is Rahul Trivedi. Securing an AIR-42, Rahul was attending an orientation camp for International Physics Olympiad in Mumbai on Friday. Talking to TOI, Rahul's mother Gitali said that he will pursue his electrical engineering from IIT-Delhi. Citing reasons behind the choice, she said, \"Rahul's father is an IIT-Delhi product and so we would like him to study there. Though IIT-K is better than IIT-Delhi in academics, he will take admission in IIT-D because of the industrial exposure he will get there.'' She added, \"Also, we would in near future move to Delhi and then it will become easier for us to have Rahul in the same city.'' IIT-Delhi again was the choice of Karan Bansal, AIR-192.He is also interested in computer science. He said, \"With the rank I have secured, I would get through IIT-D. Being the country's capital and a metro, I will get a better exposure in comparison to IIT-K.'' Though excited with the result, Karan was expecting a better rank. \"No one from our family has ever gone out for studies. Karan has made us proud and everyone looks up to him,'' said Ranjana, Karan's mother, adding that Karan has always been a topper.Anurag, AIR-374, is all set to pack his bags and fly to IIT-Bombay. Interested in electrical engineering, Anurag's decision for IIT-B is majorly because of the wide exposure. \"Apart from the faculty, one gets hands on learning due to an IT city. Moreover, my brother lives in Mumbai and so it will be easy for me to settle there.''Commenting on the toppers' decisions to choose IITs in metro cities, Aditya Kumar, a physics expert in the city, said, \"Though IIT-K happens to be the best in the country, students do not want to go there. The major reason is that students in Kanpur are generally deprived of international companies at the time of placement.\"Dream comes true for this farmer's sonFor Vijay Singh , 1,314 OBC rank, having qualified for an IIT is a dream come true. Son of a farmer, Vijay, a native of Kanpur, came to Lucknow a year back for he wanted to be an engineer. Chasing his dream, he took admission in a coaching institute that funded him because of his caliber and dedication. On Friday when IIT-JEE results were declared, he felt on cloud nine. He said, \"I am extremely happy. I always wanted to study in an IIT, become an engineer and make my parents proud.\" Vijay's father Tilak Singh is a small farmer and his mother Siyawati is a housewife. He has one elder brother and a sister who are pursuing MSc and BSc respectively from Kanpur. Sharing his happiness on Vijay's selection, his mentor N K Dubey recalled, \"He has been a sincere and dedicated student. When he came to us, he did not even have a pair of shoes. But we could see his desperation to get into an IIT. He has worked hard throughout the year.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "latur (maharashtra)", "code": "13298371", "title": "Let BCCI consider our decision on Shah Rukh: Deshmukh", "text": "LATUR (Maharashtra): Union minister and Mumbai Cricket Association president Vilasrao Deshmukh on Saturday said that the decision to ban actor Shah Rukh Khan from entering Mumbai's Wankhede Stadium for five years had been conveyed to BCCI, and \"let it consider it\".MCA's decision followed fracas at Wankhede on May 16 after an IPL game, where Shah Rukh allegedly manhandled a security personnel.When asked how MCA would respond if BCCI were to set aside the ban, Deshmukh said: \"Where is the question of (BCCI questioning) the validity (of MCA decision)?....BCCI is our parent body. It has its own set of rules. IPL is their brainchild... their baby. We have merely rented out our ground to them,\" he said.\"We have reported our decision to BCCI. Now let them at least sit on that.....consider it. How can I comment before that?\"He also added that one of the proposals that was discussed at the MCA meeting on Friday was to impose a lifetime ban on the actor at the Wankhede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13294394", "title": "First look of Allari Naresh\u2019s \u201cSudigadu\u201d", "text": "The first look of Allari Naresh's \"Sudigadu\" is grabbing quite a few eyeballs. Billed to be a spoof on contemporary Telugu movies, \"Sudigadu\" is expected to be a comic relief for the audience this summer. Allari Naresh's films always boast of funny titles and \"Sudigadu\" is yet another film to add to the list. And with a tag line like \"Okka Ticket Pi Vanda Cinemalu\", the movie which is the remake of the Tamil cult comedy, \"Tamil Padam\", promises to be an out-and-out entertainer.Allari Naresh would be once again seen tickling audiences' funny bones with his hilarious antics. Monal Gujjar is sharing the screen space with the actor as the female lead. Directed by Bhimaneni Srinivasa Rao and produced Chandra Sekhar Reddy under Arundhati banner, \"Sudigadu\" is currently in post production. The movie is slated for a June release.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280365", "title": "House panel asks railways to mend its finances", "text": "NEW DELHI: A parliamentary panel has slammed railways for its poor financial health, asking the transporter \"to put its house in order\". The railways plea for a five-year moratorium on dividend payment also failed to impress the panel.The Railways Convention Committee suggested that railways should observe greater financial discipline and mobilize additional resources through tariff revision -- especially in view of rising operational, fuel and human resource costs.It also favoured rationalization of freight fares and asked the railways to make sincere efforts to raise additional revenue through non-traditional resources such as usage of surplus land, advertisements and station development.The committee recommended that railways should explore ways of raising their revenue and avenues for resource mobilization while curbing wasteful expenditure.\"The partial rationalization of freight and fare structure is expected to generate additional revenue of more than Rs 16,000 crore,\" the report said.The committee was of the view that railways should mobilize additional resources by taking some rational and financially prudent steps and should take measures to avoid building of negative balance in the funds. It stated that in view of their difficult financial position, it is only prudent to garner revenues by exploring all avenues including use of land for commercial purposes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278727", "title": "Varsity teachers end evaluation boycott", "text": "NAGPUR: Lakhs of students from Nagpur University (NU) can now heave a sigh of relief. The statewide teachers' boycott of answer sheet evaluation has ended. The decision was taken at a meeting in Mumbai by the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO).NU has been one of the worst hit universities and the answer sheet valuation work had started to pile up. Vilas Dhone, vice-president of Nagpur University Teachers Association (NUTA), said, \"we have informed our 5,500 members that the agitation has been called off and everyone should report for duty. Around 2,000 teachers will report to Central Assessment Centre for evaluation work. Since some of them live in remote areas like Gadchiroli they might take a day more to join.\"NU vice-chancellor Vilas Sapkal too was relieved that things can now start moving. \"The evaluation must start from Saturday itself and all the required faculty must report without delay. The focus should now totally be on evaluating the answer sheets,\" he said. Around 15 lakh answer sheets are still to be evaluated and Sapkal expressed concern over the 'quality of checking' with this much backlog.However, Dhone said evaluation will be completed with no deficiency in quality. \"The evaluation work takes place from 8am till 8pm. So we have a 12-hour workday. On average, a teacher completes 60 answer sheets a day. Hence, we should be able to complete everything in maximum 20 days. The university will take another 10 days for results preparation. Thus, within a month we should be able to declare the results,\" he said.Students are happy to learn of the end of strike, but worried about the quality. Shashikant Patel, a student, said, \"I was thinking that the evaluation won't even start till May end but this is really good news. After the results are out, we also have to go for revaluation if there are any problems. I think the schedule is now too tight and many students might not opt for revaluation.\"Another student, Shriya Anand, said, \"now that they have such a huge backlog the evaluators might just skim through our papers, resulting in either very high marks or very low. I don't agree that quality will be maintained. We might see a rise in revaluation applications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13281288", "title": "Education department gets new director", "text": "PANAJI: In a surprise development, chief minister Manohar Parrikar , who also holds the education portfolio, appointed an IAS officer to head the education department relieving incumbent Anil Powar.In an order issued on Friday, D P Dwivedi who was recently transferred to Goa, has been posted as education director. He will relieve Powar of the additional charge of director of education \"on officiating basis\". Powar who was holding the charge since December 1, 2011, will revert to deputy director in the same department.By the same order, two more departments will be headed by IAS officers.F O Hashmi has been posted director of industries, trade and commerce with additional charge as managing director of Goa industrial development corporation, while Jayadev Sarangi will be the new excise commissioner.Sources said this is the first time the Goa administration has 16 IAS officers. The Union home ministry had earlier suggested that some department like industries, education, excise and some others be headed by IAS officers.The personnel department on Friday also issued a notification reallocating work among secretaries.Chief secretary Sanjay Srivastava will continue to hold charge of home, personnel, civil aviation and administrative reforms and will be the principal resident commissioner and chief vigilance officer.Principal secretary B Vijayan in charge of finance will also look after power, agriculture, water resources, science and technology, environment, planning and PPP.Principal secretary RK Verma has been allotted PWD, forests, mines, transport, GAD, revenue, information and publicity and will be special secretary, personnel and ARD.Pawan Sain will be secretary to the chief minister, while Neeraj Semwal will be secretary to the governor. Sain has also been appointed director of Mopa airport.TM Balakrishnan who was secretary to the CM, has been given craftsmen training, labour, legal metrology, factories and boilers, protocol, non-conventional energy, catering management and printing and stationery departments.Parimal Rai has been given health, urban development, housing, town and country planning, industries and information technology while law secretary Pramod Kamat will continue with legislative affairs, judiciary and law.Keshav Chandra is education secretary and is also allotted women and child department, social welfare, tribal welfare, provedoria and sports.PV Rao will be secretary ports, fisheries, vigilance, river navigation, animal husbandry and rural development. S Kumaraswamy will continue as chief electoral officer, while DC Sahoo has been given cooperation, panchayati raj and civil supplies.Mathew Samuels has been allotted tourism, archives and archaeology, museums, art and culture. He will also be in charge of NRI affairs.Mohan Lal will be in charge of public grievances, gazetteer, official language and special secretary (home).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "belgaum", "code": "13283301", "title": "Pollution Control Board's initiative to make schools eco-friendly", "text": "BELGAUM: Pollution Control Board (PCB) has plans to make maximum number of government schools become environment friendly, by according the responsibility to the industrial fraternity. It has decided to give responsibility of five schools to each industry to keep them pollution free.\"We introduced this concept last year in Mysore, Mandya and Chamarajnagar districts by giving responsibility of 125 schools to the industrial fraternity. Now the concept is being extended to all schools over the state after considering the success of pilot project\" said A S Sadashivaiah, chairman of PCB. He was speaking to mediapersons here on Wednesday.He said every industry has a corporate social responsibility. But this initiative is an environmental social responsibility. Here industries are suggesting for implementing management plan in the schools like rainwater harvesting, introducing solar energy equipments, ensuring the condition of toilets, taking care of water availability, cleanliness, growing vegetables and medicinal plants at school premises etc. \"In Belgaum, we have decided to give responsibility of 250 schools to 50 industries. I am sure that it will be most successful after looking the response of industrial fraternity\" he said.Besides, this year PCB will create awareness about environment in 500 schools, in order to make them environment friendly schools. Professor S Manjappa, chairman of technical adviser committee, PCB and senior environment officer Shivalinge Gowda were present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "noida", "code": "13277540", "title": "Dead patient's family alleges medical negligence at private hospital", "text": "NOIDA: Unrest prevailed at a private hospital in Sector 40 after the family of a 57-year-old man, who died in the wee hours on Friday, created a ruckus alleging negligence on part of the authorities.According to the family, the deceased Raj Kumar Sharma, a Haryana-based businessman, was brought to the Ojjus Goodwill Hospital on May 15 and was to undergo cardiac surgery the next morning. \"Since the time he was admitted, my father was asked not to eat anything till the surgery. On May 16, however, the hospital admitted another patient for cardiac surgery. One of the doctors told me that since this patient's case was an emergency, my father would be operated on in the evening as they did not have the infrastructure to conduct more than one cardiac surgery,\" said Deepak, Raj Kumar's son.\"In the evening, however, the doctor said that my father's surgery was being postponed for Friday, May 17. After a few hours, they again scheduled it for May 19. Since we could sense my father's condition deteriorating, we asked the doctor to either conduct the surgery or to refer him to another hospital. But he did not pay any heed,\" Deepak said. Doctors confirmed that Raj Kumar passed away in the wee hours of Friday, two days before his scheduled surgery.The hospital authorities, meanwhile, have denied any negligence on their part. \"The patient was not ready for surgery when he was brought to the hospital. Besides the fact that he was quite old, his blood was very thin, so his surgery was scheduled for a later time,\" said Upasana, spokesperson for Goodwill Hospital.\"The family's claim that we do not have adequate infrastructure is also not correct. In fact, we have three heart specialists who are highly qualified and remain on call 24 hours a day. One of our doctors was already on his way to the hospital on Friday morning to perform the surgery on Raj Kumar around 7am, but he passed away before that,\" she added.The hospital spokesperson also refuted that Sharma could not be treated due to an emergency case being dealt with on May 16.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13299971", "title": "Neha Hinge to anchor a fashion show", "text": "Pantaloons Femina Miss India International 2010, Neha Hinge, is in town to attend a one of its kind fashion show as an anchor, taking place for the first time in the country .Neha, who has her roots in Malwa region, is enthusiastic about being in the city.\" It is always good to be in Indore. Everything that I am today is because of the culture and tradition which this place has given me.\"A thrilled Neha said, \"I am delighted and nervous at the same time as it is for the first time I am anchoring a show. I am really looking forward to the event as it would be a great experience to watch the bariatric patients walking the ramp along with the models.\" They are definitely the real superstars and their journey will be an inspiration for the audience, she adds.Neha, who is currently working on her debut film Love you Soniyo directed by Joe Rajan with Rati Agnihotri's son, Tanuj Virwani, said, \"I never thought of taking up acting as a career, it eventually happened to me and now that I have done this film, I realized that this is what I actually wanted to do and really looking forward to its release.\"When asked how modelling changed her life and if she always wanted to become a model, Neha said, \"I started fantasizing about being Miss India since my childhood. But only after I completed my engineering, I applied for the contest and fortunately the year I applied for it, I won it. The Miss India contest has changed my life completely. After winning the title, people started recognizing me and treating me like a celebrity. I feel very blessed and I am thankful for the support given by my family and friends.\"\"One should always follow one's heart and do things which interest one and should never be distracted. Also, one must stay focused in order to achieve one's goal in life,\" Neha said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284877", "title": "Bad condition of roads in Jajmau leads to road accidents", "text": "KANPUR: Poor condition of roads led to a couple of accidents in Jajmau, here on Friday. Two trucks were stuck in deep pits in separate road mishaps on Friday morning.\"The first mishap was reported from Chabileypurwa sub-station, when a truck driver lost balance due to potholes on the road. The truck skid into the deep pit by the side of the road after damaging electric poles and a roadside kiosks,\" an officer said.The mishap led to major chaos and jam prevailed for nearly three hours at the busy junction. However no serious injuries were reported. The truck driver and cleaner were discharged after primary treatment.The truck was pulled out of the pit with the help of a crane. Several such accidents have taken place in the past too. Police said that bad condition of roads was leading to these mishaps. As the civic body failed to repair roads near the house of SP legislature in Jajmau, it was on Friday, another truck on its way tilted after getting stuck into one of the potholes on the road.Residents of Jajmau complained that the ongoing work on NH-25 has been on since the past few years and has shown no signs of nearing completion.Saif Khan, a leather businessman who lives in Jajmau, alleged that the expansion work on the highway is progressing at a very slow pace despite the fact that the area is one of the busiest stretches in the state with traffic flowing from Mumbai and New Delhi besides Western part of UP to North Eastern part of the country and vice-versa. \"Most of our business clients come to Industrial city and pass through this road. The condition of this poor stretch will make a bad impression on them,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277636", "title": "Uttar Pradesh gang may have killed cop", "text": "NEW DELHI: Was Delhi cop Sanjeev Malik murdered by gangsters? Delhi Police seems to be acknowledging this. On Friday, city police claimed that Malik died after a \"chance meeting\" with western UP criminals at Meerut. This was a sharp climb down from their previous claim that the cop was a victim of road rage. However, cops clarified that there was nothing to suggest that there was some conspiracy.\"I would rather call this an unfortunate incident though we are still not ruling out road rage. We want to make it clear that there is nothing which suggests any form of conspiracy behind his death and the accused did not know the victim. I have arrived at this conclusion after personally visiting the spot and speaking to our injured constable Sachin and holding meetings with UP STF and Meerut police,\" said JCP (south western range) Vivek Gogia.Gogia added that they \"reconstructed the scene\" along with STF on Friday. \"Three UP Police teams-including the STF and the Meerut police-will be probing the incident in UP. Three teams along with the Special Cell is expected to help them in the investigations. We are taking the probe seriously and both the UP and Delhi Police now share the same line of thinking,\" said Gogia.A source said that Delhi Police has recovered the service weapon of Malik. The police brass have already gone through the files that recorded the need for Malik and his two colleagues to visit Muzzafarnagar for a recce of auto thieves active in the area. Reacting to reports that no blood was found at the spot, Gogia said they have found blood stains both \"inside and outside\" the car.Both UP and Delhi cops believe that the accused had come from the Bholajhul picnic spot, a few kilometres away from the crime scene. \"It is a spot frequented by criminals from western UP and the local building mafia controls their movements. Initial enquires revealed that four men on a Santro were spotted leaving the spot before the shootout,'' said a Meerut cop.Malik had joined Delhi Police in 1998 and was made a head constable 10 years later. In 2009, he was part of a team that was involved in an encounter with a gang in Green Park. He was also part of the team that investigated the Jigisha Ghosh and Soumya Vishwanathan murders.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283726", "title": "Carla had an affair with new minister?", "text": "LONDON: Carla Bruni is facing embarrassing revelations about her past love affair with France's new foreign minister. The former supermodel reportedly had a \"brief but very passionate\" relationship with Laurent Fabius , 65, before she married the then President Nicolas Sarkozy , in 2008.Around the this time, political biographer Valerie Benaim wrote a book called 'Carla and Nicolas: the real story' in which she discussed Bruni's numerous \"secret\" lovers including English rock stars Mick Jagger and Eric Clapton . One of the most famous Frenchmen whom Bruni dated was former Socialist PM Fabius. \"It's true that their relationship was known to the French media, but nobody reported it,\" the Daily Mail quoted Benaim as saying.\"It was brief but very passionate ,' a Socialist Party source who knows both former lovers well said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "davanagere", "code": "13282147", "title": "Once rich in groundwater, Sokke village is now arid", "text": "DAVANAGERE: Once identified as a highly potential zone for groundwater, Sokke village in Jagalur taluk of Davangere district has become a dry zone. Sokke is located on a contact zone of schist and granite, a metamorphic and fiery weathered geological, formation and groundwater was stored in the contact zone. But, the move was considered as a good aquifer two decades ago, said senior geologist H P Mallesh.\"Following an increase in bore wells and overexploitation of groundwater, this zone has gone dry, particularly after 1988,\" Mallesh said. \"Besides, there were not good rains in Jagalur and it was chronically branded as a drought-hit taluk in Davanagere district for quite a long time\".Mallesh said that it had been planned to build a check dam in the zone to rejuvenate the local aquifer. \"But this move would irrigate over 2,000 acres of land in the vicinity. After a survey was done, the area was found to be a feasible zone for constructing a check dam,\" he added.The geologist contended that Sokke village would regain its lost glory after a richer geological formation with groundwater.\"The average weathered rocky zone in the district is located upto 280 feet below the ground. The weather varies from place to place depending upon the topography and type of sub-surface rock formation,\" Mallesh said. The surface water could enter the weathered zone upto 280 feet and allow buildup for the groundwater reservoir from there, he said.It has been observed that groundwater table in Jagalur taluk depleted to a low of 1.90 meters followed by 1.70 m fall in Harapanahalli taluk, as per static water level observations made between 2010-11. However, the average decrease in water table in the district was only to an extent of 0.20 m.Mines and geology department of Davanagere district have their own 72 bore wells in the district, treated as observation wells, to check both quality and quantity of groundwater.Geologists from the department are being monitored these wells regularly in every month, Mallesh said.The details of all the observation wells, taluk wise are: Davanagere (10); Harihar (7); Harapanahalli (12); Channagiri (12); Honnali (16) and Jagalur (15).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13279425", "title": "Nagpur Municipal Corporation to plant 1 lakh saplings in five years", "text": "NAGPUR: The Nagpur Municipal Corporation is all set to begin a major afforestation drive this monsoon under the joint forest management programme of the central and state governments.The civic body will plant 1 lakh saplings in the span of five years from 2012-2017 in association with different government departments, corporate offices, non government and social organizations.The bodies and organizations, undertaking plantation, will be responsible for protecting and maintaining the trees, said NMC garden superintendent Naresh Shrikhande.Under this drive, the municipal commissioner has already earmarked Rs 3 crore in 2012-13 budget and the department had also purchased 28,391 saplings (more than 10ft height), he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mapusa", "code": "13282126", "title": "Panchayat polls: BJP gets mixed results in Pernem, Bardez", "text": "MAPUSA: The panels backed by top BJP leaders in several constituencies faced defeat in the panchayat polls. Some giants bit the dust while in some panchayats new faces emerged victorious.In Mandrem, the panchayat minister Laxmikant Parsekar's home ground, panels supported by the party were defeated in Keri, Mandrem and Morjim. In Pernem constituency, deputy speaker Rajendra Arlekar's supporters suffered defeats in Ibrampur and Mopa. Many panchayats saw the sarpanch and panch re-elected in Bardez. In the taluka, among 15 sarpanchas contesting the election, eight were re-elected. Among the winning sarpanchas were Sushmita Pednekar from Reis Magos, Rajesh Volvoikar from Penha da Franca, Vinayshree Shirodkar of Pomburpa, Raghuvir Bagkar - Moira, Fermino Fernandes - Candolim, Agostinho D'Souza - Nagoa, Sandip Chimulkar - Anjuna and Shivdas Kambli - Thivim.The defeated sarpanchas were Benedict D'Souza in Parra; Cosme Martins in Ucassaim in Paliem; John Paul Valles in Soccoro; Suvarna Malik in Pilerne-Marra; Sarita Shirodkar in Nerul; Daisy D'Souza in Assagao; Pradip Pednekar in Assonora. Bala Naik was elected for the fourth consecutive time from ward 1 of the Verla-Canca panchayat while first time contestant Sanjay Korgaonkar ended the 25 year term of Sadanand Lotlikar at the Parra panchayat.Siolim voters gave surprise shocks to the veterans. In Sodiem - Siolim village panchayat former sarpanch Francis Fernandes faced defeat and in Marna-Siolim panchayat, sarpanch Satish Toraskar faced defeat at the hands of Vinod Palyekar, brother of Congress candidate from Siolim Uday Palyekar in ward 1. In Reis Magos and Pilerne panchayats, Parulekar's panel was elected. In Porvorim constituency Penha da Franca panchayat was dominated by BJP supporters while in rest of the panchayats mostly MLA Rohan Khaunte's supporters emerged winners.In Aldona constituency, Dayanand Mandrekar was not able to enjoy supremacy. Former sarpanch and the supporter of Narvekar, Maryanne D'Souza was defeated by MLA Glen Ticlo-supported Jerry Noronha. In this 11 member panchayat, eight new faces emerged victorious and nine were BJP-sponsored.In Assonora panchayat, seven new faces were elected in the nine ward panchayat.In Marna-Siolim panchayat, eight of nine candidates are new faces.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282756", "title": "Two more bodies recovered from mine mishap site", "text": "JAIPUR: After a night long rescue operation, bodies of two more victims who died in illegal mining were recovered on Friday. The bodies were recovered from a portion of an illegal stone mine that caved in at Bhiwadi's Chuharpur village on Thursday. With this, the death toll has risen to five in mining mishap.The victims have been identified as Ram Prasad of Phadai Village (Bharatpur) and Arif of Nuh district (Haryana).ASP, Bhiwadi, Himmat Singh, \"We have recovered the bodies of two more labourers on Friday morning .The body of Arif was recovered around 7 am, while the body of Ram Prasad was recovered around 11 am. The rescue operation was stopped soon after.\"\"A case has been registered and investigation will be started against the mine mafias,\" he added.On Thursday, bodies of three labourers were recovered from the mine.The mishap has exposed the unabated illegal mining in the area despite the Supreme Court ban. According to locals, on Thursday around 9 am a blast was made to dig stones from the mines. Several cracks developed after the explosion due to which it caved in resulting in the death of five labourers. The locals also alleged that illegal mining is being carried out without any fear of law. Several houses developed cracks recently owing to explosions in the mines to crush stones.The bodies of the deceased have been handed over to the family members after post-mortem. \"We are trying to ascertain as to how many labourers were working at time of the mishap. No one was found on the spot when police reached there,\" the officer said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284467", "title": "Test to screen blood not taint proof", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: A widely-used test to screen blood for infections, including HIV, before transfusion is not foolproof, an expert said here on Friday.Head of the AIIMS, Delhi, blood bank Dr Kabita Chatterjee said the window period of viruses such as HIV can't be detected in Elisa test, putting the recipients' safety at stake. Elisa test is the most prevalent test across the country's blood banks. Donated blood undergoes five tests: malaria , syphilis , HIV, Hepatitis B and C.Nucleic acid amplification test (NAAT) is a far more accurate test, reducing the window period further, she said at a workshop on \"Rational use of blood\", organized by the Indian Red Cross Society, Odisha state branch. She, however, said no test can give 100 per cent guarantee of zero risk of transmitting disease. Chatterjee is known for pioneering NAAT test in AIIMS.She said steps should be taken for mandatory blood component separation to maximize its use. Few patients need whole blood. Depending on needs, one can be transfused RBC, plasma or platelets. That is how one unit blood can be transfused to three patients, she said.Pitching for popularizing component therapy as against use of whole blood, Chatterjee said AIIMS collects around 42,000 units of blood annually. However, it serves blood to over 1 lakh patients each year because of component separation.Around 60 per cent of the 2,700 blood banks in the country are doing component separation. The annual need of blood is eight million units while the collection is around seven million. If component separation becomes mandatory, the shortage of blood will automatically go, she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282693", "title": "Regional Government Film and Television Institute students begin shooting 'Saa'", "text": "GUWAHATI: The students of the Regional Government Film and Television Institute (RGFTI) held the 'mahurat' of their much-awaited short film 'Saa' ( Shadow) on Friday.A 16 mm film, Saa will also be played in movie theatres, saw the students of the institute sweating hard on the first day of shooting the short film that estimates around Rs 2 lakh. The RGFTI authorities are bearing the expenditure for the 15-minute film that highlights how financial woes force an immensely talented young writer to sell his writings to a contractor for money.\"Our main character Atul, who works as a proof reader in a press in the fast growing city of Guwahati, has the responsibility to look after his family and ailing mother. Atul is also a talented writer. He sells his writings to a rich contractor when he in dire need of money to send to his family. The rich contractor, who buys Atul's writings, maintains close relations with ministers and wins a grand award. However, Atul wakes up to and realizes the mistakes committed by him and tries to rectify it,\" said Raja Charan Singh, director of Saa.He said that the film shows how financial circumstances hit a young writer, who is out to establish himself in the society. \"Atul has no other way than to sell his writings as he has to send a certain amount of money to his home every month. Many youths who come to the city from a rural area face this problem,\" Raja added.Cinematographers of the short film-Tralokya Das and Sanjeeb Phukan-third year diploma students of RGFTI said that shooting the movie is a huge responsibility on the entire team. \"This short film will be shown in the big screens as well. As a student, I am grateful to the authorities of our institute for assisting us in our effort,\" said Tralokya, who dreams of excelling in the cine industry.However, some of the students of the institute have been demanding better infrastructure for the institute.Last year, students of the RGFTI went on a strike demanding completion of the permanent building of the institute, induction of more faculty members, enhancement of amenities with adequate equipment and various other facilities.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284256", "title": "Maharashtra getting good investments, says Chavan", "text": "PUNE: A day after automobile manufacturing companies in Chakan-Talegaon industrial belt near Pune threatened to roll back investments from the state following the state government's failure to resolve the controversial issue of value added tax (VAT) refund, chief minister Prithviraj Chavan on Friday assured that the government was initiating steps to arrive at a workable solution.\"We are already in talks with the companies over the VAT refund issue. A breakthrough will be achieved soon and it will be in the interest of the state,\" Chavan added.Chavan refuted claims that investment was going out of the state because of the complex tax structure. \"The state is registering a good investment. I do not know if any investment is going out,\" he said.The CM was addressing a news conference after he addressed a state-level revenue conference of the divisional commissioners and district collectors at Yashwantrao Chavan academy of development administration (Yashada) on Friday.Chavan said, \"The government made some changes in the VAT structure last year. The changes were primarily introduced to make the tax system simpler and bring down double VAT set-off structure, which was proving beneficial to marketing companies. Later, it was observed that the changed policy has impacted some companies. Hence there is need to resolve the issue and it is being worked out with the consensus of all parties involved,\" said Chavan.When asked if the state government was taking any steps in the special economic zone (SEZ) issue, Chavan said that the Union government has introduced changes in the SEZ policy. There is a need to work out a policy for those who want to denotify the land identified for SEZ.Chavan said that the state government has undertaken an e-tender initiative for sand auctions to restrict illegal practices in tendering process. He said that various steps were being taken to bring transparency in the administrative work and introduce citizen-friendly initiatives. A meeting will be called at the Mantralaya within the next 15 days to hold further discussions to work out a concrete plan to implement some new ideas at the district level.The CM said that the government has sent a proposal of Rs 580 crore to the Union government against the reimbursement of spending incurred to tackle scarcity-like situation in the state.Deputy chief minister Ajit Pawar, state revenue minister Balasaheb Thorat and state forest minister Patangrao Kadam were present at the media briefing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13278280", "title": "Haryana official suspended over map row", "text": "CHANDIGARH: An assistant director (information technology) of Haryana secondary school education department, Parveen Sangwan, has been placed under suspension for accepting erroneous and objectionable content in the EDU-BOSS software where a part of Jammu and Kashmir has been shown as not India's in the geographical map of India, state education minister, Geeta Bhukkal, said on Friday.Also, a show cause notice has been served upon the management of C-DAC which has developed the software for this act of negligence, she said. The company has been asked to rectify the errors and erroneous content.A committee has been constituted to screen the software or e-content course material in future, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280652", "title": "Nigerian held for duping Chennai man of Rs 4.30 lakh in online fraud", "text": "CHENNAI: A 27-year-old Nigerian who duped a Sriperumbudur resident of Rs 4.30 lakh in an online fraud was arrested by the Kancheepuram police on Wednesday.In his complaint, D Murugan, a supervisor at a glass manufacturing unit in Sriperumbudur, said he got a mail from an anonymous person saying he (Murugan) had won 50,000 pounds in a 'Coca Cola lucky draw'. When he responded, Murugan said, he was told to deposit Rs 25,000 in a specified bank account to receive the prize money.After Murugan complied, the caller, who gave his name as Nelson and provided an address in Lesotho, called back from a mobile phone number and said Rs 3.25 lakh more had to be deposited in the same account towards customs clearance and taxes. On April 26, based on the instructions, Murugan said he pledged 27 sovereigns of gold jewellery belonging to his wife with a private finance company and deposited the sum in the specified account. He also paid some miscellaneous charges taking the total to Rs 4.30 lakh.Four days later, Nicholas asked him to come to New Delhi and pay a further Rs 6 lakh as the processing fee. Suspecting foul play, Murugan then asked him to come to Chennai to collect the amount. Nicholas promptly came here and sent Murugan a message from the Chennai airport asking him to come to a hotel in Pallavaram.Murugan who went there with two other friends alerted police who rounded up Nicholas and seized 1000 pounds from him. During interrogation, he gave his name as D Nelson Nicholas, a Nigerian living in Lesotho. \"We traced the call details of the man and tried to reach his contacts to know if he was operating as part of a gang. He seemed to be familiar with Tamil,\" said Maraimalai Nagar inspector Lakshminarayanan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13293824", "title": "AICTE gets closure requests from around 150 tech institutes", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government on Friday said All India Council for Technical Education (AICTE) has received applications from around 150 technical institutions, requesting permission for closure citing various reasons.\"According to information given by AICTE, some technical institutions have submitted applications for closure due to various reasons, including poor admission,\" Minister of State in HRD ministry E Ahamed told Rajya Sabha in reply to a question.Fifty-six such applications had been received from Andhra Pradesh, 18 from Rajasthan, 17 from Uttar Pradesh, 13 from Gujarat, seven from Maharashtra, six each from Punjab and Haryana, five each from Madhya Pradesh and Karnataka, four from Chhattisgarh, two each from West Bengal and Tamil Nadu, and one each from Uttarakhand and Bihar, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mandya", "code": "13282159", "title": "Taskforce plans to tackle malnutrition among kids", "text": "MANDYA: Justice N K Patil, chairman of the high court, has appointed a taskforce to prepare an action plan on tackling malnutrition among children.He said: \"Unless high-ranked officers are made responsible for the malpractices and corruption in implementing the 'Integrated child development services project' in the state, malnutrition cannot be eradicated\".Speaking to mediapersons in Maddur on Friday, Patil said the cause and solution of malnutrition can be found at the grassroots itself. \"Poverty is the main cause of malnutrition. Besides illiteracy, unawareness on malnutrition has made the situation worse. If girls are educated on nutrition, at secondary and pre-university level, the situation can be improved,\" he said.Patil said that during his visit to nine districts he found serious lapses on part of the government in maintaining anganwadis.Some of them didn't have basic infrastructure facilities like proper shelter, hygienic atmosphere, potable water and lack of facilities to store food items, he added.The high court chairman said that Mangalore had fared well in implementing the anganwadi system in comparison to other districts. Patil requested the media to provide inputs and suggestions to the committee to draw up an effective action plan .People can also send suggestions to the Member Secretary of the committee, Karnataka State Legal Services Authority, Nyaya Degula, first floor, H Siddaiah Road, Bangalore - 560027. They can email at karslsa@gmail.com. Patil also visited anganwadis in Maddur and Malavalli taluks along with district officers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277967", "title": "Part of Matunga railway yard now a heritage gallery", "text": "MUMBAI: A nondescript space at the Matunga railway workshop has given way to a heritage gallery that is now home to old relics, which otherwise could have ended up in the hands of scrap dealers. The rolling stock and other railway apparatus on display gives heritage connoisseurs a glimpse into the evolution of the Indian Railways. On display are a vintage rail-mounted diesel engine, old bogies, lamps and other stock that have been phased out of service.Jogendra Yadvendu, deputy chief materials manager at the Matunga workshop, said, \"The area around the heritage gallery was cleared of scrap and other material. Employees performed shramdaan (voluntary work) at the site to create a beautiful walk and a garden where the heritage material is on display.\"The path to the heritage gallery starts with a beautiful garden where old hand signalling lamps used on the non-electrified train sections is displayed. He said, \"These lamps have been retrieved from Currey Road and Kurdwadi and resurrected to preserve the old heritage of Indian Railways.\"The most striking historical object on display is the rail-mounted diesel fire engine, which was once used to douse fires in railway areas. Yadvendu said, \"It is an old American engine of 1930 vintage and has a diesel engine used on motor vehicles plying on roads then.\"The diesel engine is manually started diesel engine akin to the diesel engine generators used for pumping water in the Indian Villages.Also on display is a 1940 manufactured Indian Railway standards bogie, which was retrieved from the scrap yard where it was to be sold at an auction price of Rs 20,000 per tonne.Another interesting piece in the gallery is the diamond narrow gauge bogie, designed by Everard Richard Calthrop of the Barsi light railway fame. It was retrieved from Kurudwadi Workshop.Enthusiasts can also get a glimpse of an old BEML bogie and mercury arc valves. These metallic valves date back to the 1950s and were used at DC sub-stations.Yadvendu added, \"Now, we plan to keep a narrow gauge passenger coach and tank wagon on display at the gallery.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "salem", "code": "13282263", "title": "Farmers smell a scam in distribution of silt from lakes", "text": "SALEM: Is the district administration biased against farmers? Yes , if claims made by farmers who attended the grievances meeting at the district collector's office here on Thursday are to be trusted.They claimed that farmers who seek permission to transport silt (vandal) from lakes to their farms are made to wait for at least three months whereas applications from private contractors who sell the silt are fast-tracked.The trouble started after the state government changed the norms that allowed de-silting of the lakes. Until a year ago, farmers were allowed to draw silt from lakes for agricultural purposes. But now they need to take permission from the public works department and the panchayat union.On Thursday, near a hundred farmers met district collector K Maharapushanam and demanded that the red tape be untangled and they be allowed to draw silt from the lakes before sowing. Some of the farmers TOI spoke to claimed that officials are using the new norms for the benefit of private contractors.President of Abinavam Uzhavar Mandra Kootamaippu, Ethapur (near Salem) S Jayaraman said officials told farmers who had applied for silt that the applications have to go to five departments and each department will take 15 days to clear it. So, the farmer will have to wait for a minimum of three months before he is given the sanction. However, the application submitted by an individual from Erode area was processed in a month. \"On April 17, 2012, he applied to the concerned authority to obtain permission for silt from Attur block which has 72 lakes. PWD department and Attur taluk office cleared his papers on May 4 and the collector gave the clearance on May 14,\" Jayaraman said. This person was permitted to take 10,000 tipper loads of silt. Each tipper load contains two units, for which the government has set the rate of Rs 60 per unit. However, he paid only Rs 53,000. Jayaraman alleged that each tipper silt load is sold for Rs 1,200 and the party would earn Rs12 crore.Another farmer, Panaimaratupatty A R Shanmugam, wondered how the officials could let a private person exploit silt for commercial purposes while refusing farmers' right to use it for agriculture. However, the collector said the issue could be discussed in an open meeting but he was ready to explain the issue to farmers in private.Distribute oxen freeA section of the farmers came down heavily on the state government. United Farmers Association's president C Vaiyapuri said that artisans who produced agricultural equipment including spade, sickle, plough and weeding-hook are disappearing due to poor opportunities. The government has done nothing to improve the lot of village artisans, he said. Vaiyapuri also demanded that the government could distribute free oxen to poor farmers. Many farmers own small plots where plowing can done only with oxen, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13246651", "title": "Naseer-Madhuri turn con artists", "text": "After Gaja Gamini, the actors will come together again in Abhishek Choubey's Dedh Ishqiya where they keep outwitting each otherNaseeruddin Shah and Madhuri Dixit will team up once again, this time around for Abhishek Choubey's Dedh Ishqiya . We've learnt both actors play con artists who are into a game of one-upmanship throughout the film. Said Naseer, \"It's a really funny script. I am very happy to get to work with Madhuri. Whatever work we've done together so far has been very sketchy.\"Recalling their past collaborations, Naseer said, \"Madhuri and I have worked together in Rajkumar which was not so nice. And then we did (laughs) Gaja Gamini together. Maybe you should ask Madhuri what Gaja Gamini was all about. I still haven't been able to figure it out. We also did Tridev before these two films although we didn't have any work together in the film. Madhuri used to play cricket with my son Imaad. He was 3 at the time. And she took a liking to him.\"At present, Naseer is shooting a film called John Day , a vigilante story directed by debutante Solomon. Asked about the film with Mrinal Sen, he said, \"I don't know anything about this project. I will surely work with him if he asks me to. No questions asked.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284376", "title": "Performance of quota students better than 2011", "text": "MUMBAI: In 1993-94, the IITs wrote to the government for permission to run a year-long preparatory course, a bridge programme to help quota students lagging behind in the JEE race.Now, things have come full circle and for the first time the tech schools have decided not to hold any preparatory course for scheduled tribes. Also, for the third consecutive year, no scheduled caste candidates will have to spend a year for the same. This time around, more students have qualified than the number of seats available.Popularly termed 'prepies' on campus, such students did not make the mark, forcing the IITs to generously reduce cutoffs and make them attend special coaching. But over the years, enough SC/ST students have done well and qualified for the IITs.Information provided by IIT-Delhi, which organized JEE-2012, states that across India, 3,464 SC students made the cut, as against 1,403 seats reserved for them. As for ST candidates, 1,112 are vying for 708 seats. In the IIT-Bombay zone, 771 SC students and 465 ST candidates made the cut; of these, 83 SC and 37 ST students made it to the general merit list.\"Reserved category students are definitely doing better than before,\" said a JEE chairman. Clearly, SC/ST students have come a long way. In 2009, merely 967 SC students managed to qualify, compelling the IITs to put 473 candidates through the preparatory programme to fill the remaining seats.Stating that parents are getting more conscious of social factors and realizing the importance of education, a former IIT-Madras JEE chairman observed that students are now being sent for intensive coaching.This is how the IITs select a quota student: let's assume the last general category student is admitted with an overall score of 100 (out of 401). Then the aggregate cut-off for an SC/ST student would be 50 (after a 50% relaxation).To select students for the preparatory course, the IITs further lower the qualifying score by another 50% (25 marks).But sceptics have an answer to why the preparatory programme is being done away with. The total number of seats across the IITs has gone up because of the OBC quota; the number of IITs too has risen. \"It is possible that the IITs had to pull down the cutoff for filling up all the (general category) seats. And with the relaxation formula, a lot of SC students made it. This may have eventually resulted in abysmally low scores for quota candidates after the scores were relaxed by 50%,\" said a former JEE chairman.This will be the first year for the IITs to implement the 4.5% religious minority quota for OBC candidates. The IITs saw close to 3,000 students declaring that they were eligible for benefits under this quota, but merely 325 have qualified to make it to the elite tech schools.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13283477", "title": "Nagaland breeds calf of rare species through embryo transfer", "text": "Kohima: The first mithun calf was born through embryo transfer technology (ETT) from a cryopreserved embryo at the National Research Centre (NRC) on Mithun, Indian Council of Agricultural Research (ICAR) at Jharnapani in Nagaland on May 12. The calf has been named Mohan. Mithun is a rare species of cow found in the northeast.NRC on Mithun, ICAR, informed that the embryo was preserved in liquid nitrogen (-196\u00b0C) for 100 days.This is the third successive birth of mithun calf through embryo transfer in the country. The first calf named as Bharat was born on March 27, 2012. The second calf, Prithvi, which was born on May 11, 2012, could survive only for two days due to premature delivery.Scientists of animal physiology laboratory of the institute, KK Baruah, principal scientist and M Mondal, senior scientist under the leadership of C Rajkhowa, director had initiated the ETT programme around five years ago and this was reportedly the third success in the field of embryo transfer. The other scientists who contributed significantly in this endeavour included professors BC Sarmah, BC Deka and DJ Dutta from the College of Veterinary Sciences under Assam Agricultural University, Khanapara, Guwahati; Dr P Chakraborty from NRC on Yak, Dirang and Dr Bhaskar Bora, research associate, NRC on Mithun.Cryopreservation of embryo is a means of long-term storage of valuable strains. This technique can be used to safeguard different valuable strains and it also reduces animal housing costs. Embryos are preserved in a cryoprotectant then slowly frozen. Embryos are then transferred to liquid nitrogen tanks for long-term storage.Cryopreserved embryos can be recovered and used at any time as and when required. It should be transferred into recipient or surrogate mother.As the population of this unique species is not in a comfortable status, the technology like ETT will definitely help to propagate quality germplasm of this magnificent species of animal.Additionally, the standardized protocol for cryopreservation of mithun embryos and its successful implication in ETT will be of great help in conservation and propagation of mithun in the field level. This technology is the conglomeration of use of the best quality of sperm and oocyte and can produce 10-12 calves at a time from a single cow thereby useful for faster multiplication of the quality mithun germplasm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13305918", "title": "Two drug peddlers jailed", "text": "KANPUR: Two drug peddlers were convicted under Narcotics Drugs and Psychotropic Substances (NDPS) Act by additional district and sessions judge Raj Narayan Singh on Saturday and sentenced for ten years of rigorous imprisonment.The sentenced persons were identified as Krishna Kumar of Lal Colony in Juhi and Brijendra Sonkar of Anwarganj. The ADJ also order Krishna Kumar to pay Rs 20,000 and Brijendra Sonkar Rs 30,000 as fine.The Govind Nagar police caught the two persons carrying charas during a vehicle checking drive in Gujaini on June 14, 2008. They were booked under NDPD Act.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "srinagar", "code": "13291553", "title": "Three injured in militant grenade attack on police station in Kashmir", "text": "SRINAGAR: Militants hurled a grenade at the Sopore police station in Baramulla district today, leaving three persons, including two policemen, injured.The grenade exploded at the main gate of the police station, 52 kms from here, at 9.55am, official sources said.Two policemen and a civilian were injured, they said. Security forces have launched a hunt for the assailants, the sources said, adding no militant outfit has claimed responsibility for the attack so far.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284129", "title": "Three Pune students figure in top 200", "text": "PUNE: Three students from the city have figured in the Top 200 All-India Rankings of the Indian Institute of Technology-Joint Entrance Examination 2012 (IIT-JEE), according to data from various tutorials that coach students for the examination across the city. The results of the national-level examination, which opens doors to some of the country's most coveted engineering institutes, were declared on Friday.18-year-old Kevin Daniel has bagged a ranking of 92 in IIT-JEE 2012. Kevin, who did his schooling from St Mary's School, Camp, and went to Nowrosjee Wadia College, said, \"This was my second attempt. I had taken the test last year and got a rank of 5,883. I gave it again this year as I am very keen on getting into IIT-Bombay.\"Kevin prepared for IIT-JEE through group studies, which helped him considerably. \"We also had extraordinary teachers and an equally good repeaters' batch. I have learned a lot from them,\" said Kevin. On his next plan of action after having cracked the IIT-JEE, he said, \"I intend to get admission in IIT-Bombay to pursue electrical engineering, which is my dream.\"Kevin felt that IIT-JEE 2912 was not tough, but a bit tricky , with a lot of room for making silly mistakes. \"It needed an alert mind. I was at my best that day despite a fever. I had a fever a day before and for a week after the exam; but I was perfectly fine during the time I was writing the exam. I feel exhilarated with the result,\" added Kevin.Pranav Maneriker, who bagged a ranking of 145 in IIT-JEE, has also received Kishore Vaigyanik Protsahan Yojana (KVPY) fellowship. KVPY is a programme initiated by the Union government to encourage students of science, engineering and medicine to take up careers in research in these fields. \"I would now receive academic counseling on choosing the degree course that is best for me. The counselor will also help me decide which IIT will be best for me. I have my heart set on IIT-Bombay, from where I wish to pursue computer science. My current plan is to get into a good IIT institute for an excellent degree course,\" said 17-year-old Pranav, who has done his schooling form the Army Public School, Pune.17-year-old Charuhas Shiveshwarkar bagged 179th rank in the country. \"I think my concepts were clear. I solved mock papers as per the examination pattern in the last two months before the test,\" said Charuhas, who has done his schooling from St Xavier's High School, Kolhapur.Another city student Shubham Dawande, bagged an AIR of 56 in the reserved (ST) category students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282551", "title": "Ashok Gehlot defends Kamla Beniwal, calls BJP leaders 'frauds'", "text": "JAIPUR: As the land scam allegations against Gujarat governor Kamla Beniwal were raised in the Rajya Sabha on Friday, chief minister Ashok Gehlot hit out at the BJP leaders calling them \"fraud people\".Gehlot defended the Gujarat governor saying there was no truth in the allegations of land grabbing levelled against her by BJP general secretary Kirit Somaiya . \"It has become Somaiya's business to go to every state and rake up baseless issues. Till date, he has not been able to raise a single corruption issue based on facts from Rajasthan,\" the chief minister told reporters here.Gehlot added that the BJP made corruption charges against him also but the Supreme Court struck them down as these were baseless.Earlier in the day, the Rajya Sabha's question hour had to be adjourned following BJP's protests over the alleged involvement of governor Beniwal in jointly grabbing a land worth Rs 1,000 crore in Jaipur. BJP MP Mukhtar Abbas Naqvi demanded suspension of question hour to discuss the issue. When Chairman Hamid Ansari did not allow this, BJP members were on their feet alleging that the Centre wanted to avoid the issue.Amid the din, the Chairman first adjourned the House for 15 minutes, and then till noon. The BJP leaders accused the Gehlot government of \"gifting\" the developed land to Congress leaders, including Beniwal.The chief minister, meanwhile, said the BJP should approach his government if there is any irregularity in the land matter involving the Gujarat governor. \"If there is any mistake, we will correct,\" Gehlot said.Pointing out to the infighting within the BJP's state unit, the chief minister once again targeted the leader of opposition Vasundhara Raje. \"If someone who says that she was resigning from the party's primary membership, what commitment such a person can have for the party,\" Gehlot said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13297705", "title": "Sooraj-Sandhya to confess their love in Diya Aur Baati", "text": "Sooraj ( Anas Rashid) and Sandhya's (Deepika Singh) fans will soon have a reason to smile as their love story is about to take off in Star Plus' 'Diya Aur Baati Hum'.In the up coming episodes of the show there will be a pleasant twist for the viewers when Sooraj and Sandhya will finally confess their love for each other.In the past Sooraj blames Sandhya for ruing Chavvi's life due to which her wedding gets postponed. The show will reach a high point when Sandhya agrees to leave the house. An interesting twist will bring the love birds together when an emotional Sooraj decides to drop Sandhya to the bus stop after which he leaves. Later, Sooraj is left stunned when he gets to know that Sandhya's bus has met with an accident.Further ahead viewers will see that Sandhya is fine and due to some unavoidable circumstances she never boarded the bus. Sooraj is unaware of this tries to hunt her down. Destiny will bring them together and Sooraj and Sandhya will pour their feelings out.When contacted, Deepika Singh confirmed the news and said, \"It's a very interesting track so I can't comment much on it. But, yes finally all the misunderstandings will get cleared and Sandhya will express her feelings.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13283063", "title": "Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union bandh passes off peacefully", "text": "ITANAGAR: The All Arunachal Pradesh Students' Union (Aapsu) called a 24-hour state-wide bandh on Friday to protest against the state government's failure to fulfill its demand for a white paper on the state's financial position. The union had also demanded improvement of law and order, appointment of an independent home minister, early solution to the decade-old border row between Arunachal and Assam and early settlement of the Chakma and Hajong refugees issue.The bandh hit life throughout the state as business establishments, educational institutions, private and central government offices remained closed. Attendance in state government offices also remained poor. Other than a few state transport buses plying on roads with police security, no other vehicles, private or public, were seen on the road.The bandh, which began at five in the morning, remained peaceful throughout the state barring a few stray incidents of stone pelting by bandh activists at Naharlagun, capital complex, SP Hibu Tamang said.The Aapsu had called the bandh in protest against the state government's failure to fulfill its five-point charter if demands including white paper on the state's financial position from the government.The other demands of the union includes, improvement in the law and order, appointment of an independent home minister, early solution to thborder row between Arunachal and Assam and early settlement of Chakma and Hajong refugees issue.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13297048", "title": "'Chinese Zodiac' to be Jackie Chan's last action movie", "text": "Martial arts star Jackie Chan has confirmed that his next film, 'Chinese Zodiac', will be his last as an action star.\"This will be my last big action movie,\" the BBC quoted him as saying at a news conference in Cannes.\"The world is too violent now. I love fighting but I hate violence,\" he said.The film, due for release in December, is the third in Chan's Armour of God series.The first film was released in 1987, with Chan playing the Indiana Jones-style character Asian Hawk.\"I want the audience to know I'm not just about fighting, also I can act. And so, day by day, year by year, I said, 'Right, I'm going to show you the real Jackie Chan',\" he said.Last year, the 58-year-old starred opposite Will Smith's son Jaden Smith in the remake of The Karate Kid , in the role of Smith's mentor Miyagi.\"I don't just want to be an action star, I want to be a true actor. So for the last 10 years I've done other films like The Karate Kid , where I'd rather play an old man,\" he said.The Hong Kong-born actor began his career as a stuntman working alongside his idol Bruce Lee in the films Fists of Fury, in 1972, and Enter The Dragon, in 1973.Since then he has appeared in more than 100 movies, famously doing all of his own stunts. He claims to have broken almost every bone in his body.His most serious injury occurred when he fell from a tree, fracturing his skull.\"I will ask my body how long I can go. I'm not young anymore,\" he said. \"In the future I'll still do Karate Kid 2, Rush Hour 4, \" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279564", "title": "ICSE, ISC results today; no toppers to be declared", "text": "MUMBAI: The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CISCE) will be announcing the ICSE as well ISC results on Saturday. This will be the second year the council will not reveal any toppers from both the examinations. The decision first came into place in 2011 in order to reduce stress and cut down on competition among students.Last year, ICSE schools had started calculating students' scores as per the Best-5 policy, leading to a boost in 90% and above scorers.\"State board students are scoring cent per cent in their board exams so our students need to score well if they want to get through a college and course of their choice. Hopefully, the results will be as good this year too,\" said the principal of an ICSE school.A total of 10,770 students from the state appeared for the ICSE exams this year of which 7,823 are from Mumbai, while 1,232 students took the ISC exams all over Maharashtra of which 786 are from the city.Students can log on to http://www.cisce.indiaresults.com, http://www.cisce.examresults.net or http://www.cisce.timesofindia.com on May 19 after 3pm. Students can also get the information via SMS by typing ICSE/ISC and send it to 51818, 56263 or 54242.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13284010", "title": "Traffic trial run a success, say cops", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The new traffic reforms introduced along the Government Model School Junction has turned out to be a success, claimed city police authorities. Trial run of the new traffic regulations began on Thursday. \"Witnessing the flow of vehicles, we have reasons to believe that the new system is a success. So far we have received no complaints from motorists,\" said assistant commissioner (Traffic South) P Mohanan. It was earlier decided that changes would be made to the new system, if the people faced any difficulty. But so far there are no complaints.However, authorities have decided to continue the trial run for another week so that people can get accustomed to the new system. Six traffic signal lights have been installed at the junction where five busy roads converge. Still, many motorists are not aware of the signal system. To help them, traffic officials have been deployed at the junction.Traffic police have converted the road connecting Thycaud to the junction via Sastha Temple into a one-way. Only those vehicles going from the junction to Thycaud are allowed to use the road. On Thursday, after the trial run began, a technical difficulty arose following which another regulation had to be brought in. Vehicles going from Thampanoor to Thycaud through the junction were restricted from entering the road.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13302569", "title": "US House passes $643 billion defence bill, defies veto threat", "text": "WASHINGTON: Defying the White House veto threat, the Republican-majority US House of Representatives has passed the USD 643 billion defence authorisation bill for 2013 that among other things calls for certain conditions for American aid to Pakistan.The White House, in a statement this week, had said such conditions and certification regarding aid to Pakistan would be counter-productive.The National Defence Authorisation Act (NDAA) 2013, passed by the House , 299 votes to 120, yesterday now heads for a showdown with the Democrat-majority Senate.The NDAA imposes conditions on Pakistan for receiving economic and military aid from the US based on Islamabad's action against terrorists and IEDs.Among other things, it prohibits the preferential procurement of goods or services from Pakistan till Islamabad re-opens the crucial NATO supply routes to Afghanistan , which were closed in the aftermath of the death of 24 Pakistani soldiers on November 26 last year in a NATO cross-border fire.The bill also calls for the construction of an East Coast missile defence system in the United States by the end of 2015 and has budgeted USD 100 million in this regard for next year.The NDAA authorises USD 643 billion in spending for Department of Defence and overseas contingency operations, USD 8 billion above the spending caps in last year's Budget Control Act (BCA) and USD 3.7 billion higher than the request made by President Barack Obama .\"This bill mandates fiscal responsibility within the Department of Defence, through sound fiscal stewardship, careful prioritisation of resources, and reforming the way the Pentagon interacts with the defence industrial base,\" House Armed Services Committee Chairman Howard P 'Buck' McKeon said.House Republican Policy Committee Chairman Tom Price said the bill reflects a conscious effort to maintain strong alliances with friends like Israel , and it ensures \"we do not underestimate\" the threats emanating from nations like Iran and North Korea.The bill also notes that the Taliban , Haqqanis and associated insurgents continue to enjoy safe havens in Pakistan, but are unlikely to be capable of overthrowing the Afghan Government unless the United States withdraws forces precipitously from Afghanistan.Opposing many provisions of the defence bill, including conditions imposed on US aid to Pakistan, the White House had threatened to veto it if it impedes the ability of the government to execute the new American defence strategy.\"If the cumulative effects of the bill impede the ability of the administration to execute the new defence strategy and to properly direct scarce resources, the President's senior advisors would recommend to the President that he veto the bill,\" an eight-page statement issued by the White House Office of Management and Budget had warned on Tuesday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277824", "title": "Sister bodies hold key to East corporation\u2019s office needs", "text": "NEW DELHI: It held its first house meeting under a tent, and chances are the East Delhi Municipal Corporation will be forced to work out of makeshift offices if its bigger counterparts in north and south Delhi do not cooperate. Two floors of Udyog Bhawan, which houses the corporation, were bartered for the unified municipal corporation's buildings in Lajpat Nagar and Kashmere Gate. However with the new corporations struggling to boost their revenues, the North and South corporations have now decided to reconsider the exchange.Planners in both the bigger corporations have advised stalling of the proceedings to hand over the properties to the Delhi Government without house approval. \"The office in Lajpat Nagar is a prime property. We don't have alternative space to shift the property tax office housed in it,\" said Savita Gupta, mayor, South Delhi Corporation.Sources in the corporation said an alternative site was identified. \"A corporation school in Saawan Park, which is not being used, was identified to be put to use as the property tax office. But, people of the area opposed the setting up of a property tax collection office in their neighbourhod. Due to political pressure, the idea was dropped,\" said the source.Similarly, the North Corporation mayor is apprehensive about exchanging the property at Kashmere Gate as it can become a source of income. \"It was Delhi government's decision to split the civic body and it is their responsibility to provide infrastructure too. Instead, the other corporations are expected to sell their property to make way for East Corporation. If the transaction has to take place, it is necessary for the House to approve it,\" said Meera Aggarwal, mayor of the North Corporation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13279484", "title": "Panchale weaves magic with his voice and poetry", "text": "Andaaz aarashacha vate khara asawa, bahutek manasache tau chehra asawaVachleli aikleli manse geli kuthe, pustakatun pahileli manse geli kuthe,Roz atyachar hoto aarshawari aata, aarshala bhalaleli manse geli kuthe.The words are unmistakably those penned by Suresh Bhatt. What gave them a fresh meaning and emotions was the robust voice of Bhimrao Panchale, the noted Marathi ghazal singer.At a programme titled 'Ghazal Usne Chhedi' presented by the newly formed group 'Aapan' at the IMA hall on Friday evening, the audience had come for a rich musical treat. The artist on stage gave them all of it and much more. Panchale, who has received the title of ghazal nawaz from his mentor Suresh Bhatt, presented a soulful yet power packed evening of ghazals in Marathi as well as Urdu.He began with Marathi ghazal Andaaz arashacha vate khara asava, bahutek mansacha tau chehra asawa by Ilahi Jamadar and followed by He ka kuni phulana sangayala have tyani kase rutunshi vagayla hawe written by Van Sardesai, Panchale wove fine patterns of pain, pining, heartbreak and misfortunes with his singing and poetry. 'Tu chor pawalani,' was a composition about love and the beloved and was rendered with all the wistfulness of such emotions.For those who thought that the metre of ghazals can be filled only with words in Urdu and Persian, Bhimrao's presentations could be termed amazing. But for those whose language he sang in, it was an emotional connect over which both the singer and the audience bonded.Ghazals with their profound messages and emotional content often establish a dialogue between the singer and the listener. This evening, Panchale had the attention of his audience as he recited Indivar's couplet 'Khwab ke jaise hi jhoothe mere yakin nikle, mehboob tau kya aap tau mere dost bhi nahin nikle.' He continued in the same strain with the couplets written by Khamosh Badarpuri, 'Baat kam kijiye jahanat ko chhupate rahiye, Ajnabee shehar hai dost banate rahiye,' establishing his mastery over both the languages.Speaking of the sway that Panchale has over his audience, Shreerang Bagaday said it was the language he sang in which made him such a hit. \"Ghazals are mostly written in Urdu which is sometimes not comprehended by us. Panchale is a favourite as he sings in our language and gives words to our feelings,\" Bagaday said.Lauding the mastery of the singer, Prasanna Atalkar, the organizer of the event, said his group was aspiring to make Vidarbha a culturally active region. \"What can be a more befitting start to our initiative than having Bhimrao Panchale, who hails from Amravati in Vidarbha and has taken Marathi ghazal to such heights,\" he asked.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284063", "title": "No concretization in river beds sans high court nod", "text": "PUNE: The Bombay high court recently said that the Pune Municipal Corporation should not carry out concretization work in river beds without permission from the court. The court also asked the civic body to immediately relocate the sewer lines being laid along the river bed so as to prevent groundwater contamination through percolation.The court, in its order dated April 26, 2012, has directed the corporation to file an affidavit in this regard within six weeks. The corporation will have to give details on when the civic body shall initiate the process of relocation of sewer lines as recommended by the ministry of environment and forests (MoEF). The court order follows a case filed by the Baner residents' group and the Jal Biradari, on March 21, 2011, seeking a stay and praying for restoration of all water bodies in the city. Earlier, the high court had ordered a stay on construction in the river bed.The court order dated April 26 states: \"As per the PMC's letter (dated August 8, 2011), the corporation has mentioned that it shall not provide bed treatment or bed concrete except a fencing wall, where natural section available is adequate to carry design flood discharge. At locations where natural section is not adequate to carry the design flood discharge, the PMC shall explore non-concretization techniques for lining of the storm water drain.''\"Only in cases where flow carrying capacity is found to be inadequate for the chosen design, the corporation will carry out that appropriate treatment on the nullah bed, including concretization, to enhance the flow carrying capacity. But, the corporation should not carry out the activity of concretization without obtaining permission from court,'' the court order states.The order adds: \"The storm water drainage project was approved in 2009 and the financial assistance of Rs 177.95 crore is provided by the Government of India (JNNURM). It is appropriate to permit the corporation to undertake the construction work for storm water drainage system and to eliminate the adverse impact on environment. The construction is to be carried out in conformity with recommendations of MoEF and the observations made by the court.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280537", "title": "Two more railway lines to come up inside port soon", "text": "CHENNAI: Fed up with congested roads and poor connectivity, the Chennai Port Trust has turned to the railways for help. It is planning to add two more railway lines inside the port and a proposal in this regard has been finalized by the Union shipping ministry. A senior ministry official said the plan would be submitted to the Railway Board next week immediately after the Union cabinet clears it.Currently, about 7% of container traffic (7.69 million tonnes) is transported through two railway lines at the port. The proposed third and fourth lines are expected to increase the cargo traffic from 7% to 30% within two years.CPT chairman Atulya Misra said the additional lines would help reduce the congestion on city roads. \"While we take efforts to develop better roads, it is also necessary to have advanced railway connectivity so that roads are free of container trucks,\" said Misra. \"The third and fourth lines will be laid by the railways soon,\" he added. At present, about 5,000 container trucks ply on city roads.The port management was not keen on the railway project as it had a handful of road infrastructure projects. \"Since road improvement projects are caught up in bottlenecks, administrative hurdles and are likely to get delayed further, we are looking at railway freighter services,\" said a senior port official.He said CPT had already identified the land for laying the additional two lines and were finalizing the land values. Official sources said the regional railway authority and the port management completed the preliminary discussions on the project. Port officials said four private players, including international exporters and fertilizer manufacturers, have shown interest in bringing in cargo through rail.S Anantharaman, divisional railway manager, Southern Railways, said the Railways is ready to tie up with Chennai port in evacuating the cargo. \"Be it container or any other cargo, we do not have any constraints. We can also supply adequate number of wagons and locomotives,\" he said.The second container terminal at the port is already connected with railway lines. CPT is also planning to develop an inland container depot at Tondiarpet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280582", "title": "Councillor bribe charge nixes Rs 6 crore contracts", "text": "CHENNAI: Graft in public projects may be a dirty open secret, but brazen interference by a ward councillor's husband in the bidding for projects has led to the corporation cancelling 84 tenders worth more than Rs 6 crore. Corporation commissioner D Karthikeyan ordered an inquiry into complaints of similar interference by councilors and the problems that contractors face. He ordered that cameras be fixed near the tender sales offices to monitor any such incident.Karthikeyan said a decision had been taken to annul the tenders and issue fresh ones to put an end to the practice of councillors or their relatives or associates expecting a \"commission\" from contractors. \"We will monitor the cameras carefully. If we find even the slightest mischief, we will lodge a police complaint,\" Karthikeyan said.The corporation on Thursday annulled the tenders for infrastructure work in Anna Nagar after contractors complained that ward 103 councillor Vasuki's husband S Bhavani Shankar and his associates had on Wednesday illegally stopped some of them from participating in the bidding. The Chennai Corporation Contractors Welfare Association complained to the commissioner about the incident a day later. They alleged that the councillor's husband wanted to give the order to his associates for a fat bribe.Bhavani Shankar and his associates stopped around 50 to 60 contractors from buying tender forms at the sales office in Rippon Buildings, the contractors said.\"Bhavani Shankar was standing in front of the tender sales office with two or three of his men. He said the contracts should be given only to his people and he stopped the clerk from selling the form to us. He allowed only two people to buy the forms,\" said association president R Ramarao.Mayor Saidai Duraisamy and corporation commissioner Karthikeyan verified the contractors' complaint with the tender sales clerk. \"I have asked the clerk to submit a confidential report on such practices,\" Karthikeyan said.Only last week, the husband of a Thiru-vi-ka Nagar councillor and a few of his men beat up a supervisor and 20 workers because the contractor refused to pay a larger bribe.Contractors complain that councillors regularly demand bribes. \"We usually pay them 2% of the work order after the corporation pays us. Now, they are demanding 5%, which we do not mind, but we cannot have them stopping us from bidding to ensure that projects go to their relatives or friends,\" said association secretary R Karuna. The contractors have submitted a petition to chief minister J Jayalalithaa about the problem.When contacted, Bhavani Shankar, a former councillor, claimed he was only trying to stop the \"contractors' syndicate from delaying development work\" in his wife's ward.\"They fix the bidders, who later demand more money after they are selected and waste time negotiating with the corporation. So, I encouraged people I know to participate and break the syndicate,\" he said.\"If my interference led to the cancellation, why did they cancel 30 of the 84 orders that were awarded online? I have also complained to the mayor and the chief minister.\"Any tender worth 5 lakh has to be applied manually after buying a form for 1,655. It costs 3,350 to apply for tenders worth 5-10 lakh. Forms for tenders worth more than 10 lakh can be downloaded from the internet. Bhavani Shankar even demanded that the online system be cancelled because it did not allow contractors to be \"monitored or controlled\".Residents say they are usually the first to be affected when such controversies take place. \"There are some roads in Soundarya Colony that are full of potholes. When we asked the corporation, they said work on interior roads would begin soon. We hope that this controversy will not affect work on our roads, said Mathuvanthi Yeshwanth, a resident of Anna Nagar.There have been many instances of work being suspended half way or left incomplete for months after such incidents. \"During the storm water drain construction last year, work on one of the main road was stopped for nearly three weeks. When we called up the engineers during the monsoon, they said it was the contractor's job. But the contractor too washed his hands off the issue,\" said Rachna Babu, a resident of Shanthi Colony.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280624", "title": "'Nuclear power only in August'", "text": "CHENNAI: Power-starved Tamil Nadu will have to wait longer for its full share from the Kudankulam plant. The Nuclear Power Corporation of India Ltd (NPCIL), which is implementing the project, on Friday said full commercial production of power at the 1,000MW first unit of the plant can start only in August.The NPCIL website, which had the deadline column blank since protests against the project began in October 2011, now says the first unit will be ready for commissioning in August 2012. Also, the deadline for the second unit, also of 1,000MW, is March 2013. There have been claims that power production will start soon, as early as June, and the second unit will be commissioned two months after the first unit goes fully commercial.Two weeks back, chief minister J Jayalalithaa had said that the project would be ready in 10 days. Reacting to the CM's claim, plant officials had then said it would take at least 25 days more to start production.Confirming the new deadline, project site director R Sundar told TOI, \"The deadline is for the first unit to start producing the entire 1,000MW. Since this is the first reactor of the plant, that too of a new type (VVER), we need to get clearance from the Atomic Energy Regulatory Board (AERB) at each and every stage. The entire production of 1,000MW is possible only in August.\"The fuel loading will begin latest by first week of June but that may not lead to production of full 1,000MW immediately. Fuel will be loaded stage by stage and power production will increase gradually and the plant will attain full capacity of 1,000MW in August, he said. Though the state may start getting power from the plant once the generation begins, it may be a while before it gets its full share of 450MW from the first unit.For a state which is juggling with its meagre power resources, this is bad news. The power demand in the state peaks during the hot summer months of April, May and June, and any additional power is crucial during the period.After getting clearance from AERB, the plant officials on May 10 started removing the dummy fuel loaded into the reactor in 2010. The officials said loading of uranium fuel would commence after another round of inspection by AERB officials. As part of IAEA inspection, which is mandatory, a team from HRID Ltd, a Croatian company dealing with certification of nuclear reactors, will check the reactor pressure vessel and other systems of the first unit next week. Teams from AERB and NPCIL will also be present during the inspection,\" Sundar said.The original deadline for the Russian-aided project, launched in 2001, was December 2007 for the first unit and December 2008 for the second unit. When the project got delayed due to various reasons, NPCIL set a new deadline of December 2011 for the first unit. However, with protests against the project beginning in October 2011 and officials and workers being prevented from entering the plant site, the commissioning date was put off to March 2012. But when there was sign of the protests ending, NPCIL removed the commissioning date from its website.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13276748", "title": "Export surplus wheat, says panel", "text": "NEW DELHI: A panel headed by the PM's chief economic advisor C Rangarajan has recommended exporting 2 million tonnes (mt) of wheat at a subsidy of Rs 1,500 crore through government channels and another 1 mt through private traders at a subsidy of Rs 150 crore.Warning that just exports would not be enough to manage the overflowing godowns and could cause political problems, the panel has also recommended distribution of 8 mt grain to below poverty line (BPL) and 2 mt to above poverty line (APL) families. The total subsidy bill for this would come to Rs 17,000 crore.The PM had asked the Rangarajan-headed inter-ministerial committee to look into the issue after finance minister Pranab Mukherjee , heading the group of ministers, had shot down the proposal to distribute 10 million tonnes of grains because of fiscal constraints.Now, Rangarajan has advised the PMO that the government should export 2 million tonnes of grains through state agencies. Considering that international price of wheat is much lower than the cost of domestic procurement, the panel has assessed that the exports will cost the government a subsidy of Rs 1,500 crore. Another one million tonnes of grains that it recommended should be shipped out by private traders would entail a subsidy of Rs 150 crore.Rangarajan noted that discussions were on for exports to Iran and other countries could be considered through various state agencies though this would not be enough to manage the bulging stocks which are likely to reach 75 mt by the beginning of June.Pointing also to the political implications of exporting and not distributing grains to the poor, he has recommended providing 8 million tonnes to those with BPL cards and 2 million tonnes to those with APL cards. Another 1 million tonnes should be sold in the open market, he said. The food ministry had recommended 10 million tonnes to be given to APL card holders but Rangarajan has gone with a much lower figure.The subsidy on exports could go higher and could be politically difficult. Countries in the Black Sea region are expected to come into the international market soon and Russian wheat already available at a substantially lower price than the Indian variety could complicate matters.Mindful of this and currency fluctuations, Rangarajan has said the final actual subsidy bill should be reassessed by the government while taking a decision.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278928", "title": "Nagpur Improvement Trust may build Central Avenue car park on its own", "text": "NAGPUR: Civic agency Nagpur Improvement Trust (NIT) is thinking of constructing the multi-storey parking on Central Avenue using government grants after its bids to build them on BOT basis did not evoke any response. A multi-storey parking, having capacity to accommodate 60 cars, is at present under construction on BOT basis in Sitabuldi. This is expected to be complete in six months.NIT chairman Pravin Darade told TOI that NIT had floated tenders for construction of four multi-storey car parks on Central Avenue about two years ago. It floated three bids but none of them evoked any response. \"We have still not given up hope on BOT model. We will give it another go by calling private companies for negotiations. However, if that does not happen, we will construct one on our own by applying for government grants,\" he said.Darade stressed that if NIT's parking was successful, it would automatically evoke interest of private operators in similar projects in the city. Superintending engineer Sunil Gujjelwar attributed the failure of the bids to slowdown in the economy. NIT had decided to construct a multi-storey parking near Hotel Skylark on Central Avenue in late 2009. Then in mid-2010 it decided to build five such car parks on Central Avenue near Geetanjali Cinema, Mayo Hospital and Agrasen Square. The model for all of them was to be same as that of Sitabuldi parking.The parking charges in these plazas was to be around Rs 25 per hour. Although this was higher than NMC's Pay and Park scheme, NIT officials felt these plazas were coming up in extremely congested place, car owners would not mind shelling out the amount if they were assured of safety of vehicles and convenience. The private operators, however, felt that this was too high in a city that by and large lacked a paying culture.As per NIT's model, each plaza was to have minimum capacity of 50 cars. The builder-cum-operator was to be allowed commercial use of the space that remained after construction of the plaza. NIT was to get royalty from the project instead of spending money. The builder was to subsidize parking rates by using revenue generated from the commercial space.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13283309", "title": "10 prisoners to return home from Bangladesh", "text": "AGARTALA: Ten people who hail from the border sub-division of Sonamura in the state and have been lodged in Brahamanbaria jail of Bangladesh for 10 long years are finally hopeful that they might be able to return home, thanks to an initiative of the Indian Red Cross Society.All of them were detained in Bangladesh for illegal entry into their territory on different occasions and were sent to jail for a maximum for six years because of inadequate persuasion from their families.Recently, Red Cross Dhaka Chapter informed its Delhi counterpart that 10 persons aged between 30-55 years, all from Sonamura sub-division of West Tripura, were found serving in Brahamanbaria jail for the last 10 years even after completion of their jail term.The Red Cross's Tripura office identified the 10 prisoners and during discussion with their relatives, they found that all of them belong to poor and illiterate families and, as a result, they did not try to get them back through the diplomatic channel.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13282921", "title": "Panjab University battles space crunch as answer books pile on", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Stressed by its existing \"centralized system of evaluation\", Panjab University's examination branch is facing a harrowing time finding space for lakhs of answer-books reaching the campus every day.With close to 16 lakh answer books of both post-graduate and graduate exams to be kept in the old inquiry building, dearth of space for this massive number of sheets is keeping examination branch staff on its toes. Worst still, employees on secrecy duty guarding these answer books have been complaining of respiratory disorders and signs of asthmatic problems.\"We are discussing the matter within our branch and trying to find out a solution to the situation. We definitely need more space. Since the number of answer-books are too many and the entire evaluation process is centralized the situation becomes tricky,\" said A K Bhandari, controller of examination (CoE). Since the answer books can be disposed off only after 10 months of declaration of result, these continue to pile up through the year.\"Even a single answer book kept in a different lot by mistake means trouble for the staff. The result of one subject would be delayed in case even if one sheet is wrongly kept. Moreover, the congestion caused in the basement for those who are working here all the time is a turning into a major health problem,\" says a contractual employee, who declined to be named. What is yet to add to the burden of this branch is the exams of over 18,000 university students that have just begun.Expected to cause more pandemonium, number of employees remain the same while the number of students have multiplied over the years and with introduction of semester system the answer books have multiplied too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13281613", "title": "Fashion institute director booked for cheating", "text": "PANAJI: Porvorim police have registered a case of cheating against the director of an institute for fashion design, for failing to provide students with what was promised in the prospectus. The case is based on the complaint filed by a student.A police press note stated that Nida Ali, a first year diploma student at INIFD, complained that on May 6, 2011, institute director Anupama Kathiyani induced her into taking admissions for the two-year advanced programme in interior design by informing her that the said course is affiliated to the Annamalai University. Ali states that she later came to know that the course was not affiliated to the Tamil Nadu-based varsity.'Took an amount of 71,000 as course fees, including registration, annual fees and taxes, in different instalments and in due course the accused lady failed to provide education/classes due to non-availability of trained staff, books and other facilities as per the curriculum, thereby cheated her of 71,000,' the police press note states. Porvorim police have registered a case against Kathiyani under Section 420 of IPC (cheating).TOI's telephonic efforts to get a comment from Kathiyani proved futile as there was no response.In her plaint, Ali has stated that at the time of seeking admissions she was promised that the institute is a professional one for fashion design, having affiliations to some well-known brands in the country.'The prospectus provided by the institute clearly shows that it is affiliated to an institute in Italy and to the Annamalai University,' the complainant has stated. Ali alleged the teaching facilities at the institute were contrary to what was promised and students were not provided books or course material as promised.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13300071", "title": "BSP not keen on Third Front: Mayawati", "text": "NEW DELHI: BSP on Saturday indicated that it would not be aligning itself with any Third Front in the President's election or the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.\"Our party has not thought about. We are not going to fall into traps\", party supremo Mayawati told a press conference when asked whether she would initiate any move for formation of a non-NDA and non-UPA alliance for the 2014 Lok Sabha elections.She also sounded dismissive about the candidature of former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma floated by BJD and AIADMK.\"I am hearing about Sangma from you only or through the newspapers. But there is no clarity. So what can I say,\" was her response when asked whether her party would support the tribal leader's candidature.Playing her cards close to the chest on the issue, the former UP Chief Minister said she cannot speak on it as both the UPA and the NDA are yet announce any name but said she would back a candidate who fits into her party's \"line of movement\".\"Our party is keeping an eye on all the parties on the issue of the Presidential nominee. We first want to see what candidate UPA and NDA field. As soon as they bring forth their candidates, our party will decide. We will support a candidate, who is suitable to us in the line of our party's movement,\" she said.She parried a question on whether the BSP would support Finance Minister Pranab Mukherjee if he enters the fray as the UPA candidate.\"When it is not clear as to who is the candidate of UPA or NDA, what can I say about the merits or demerits of a particular candidate. Whichever candidate comes before us, we will see whether he suits our party's line of movement. We will support whoever fits in our party line of movement,\" Mayawati said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278215", "title": "Doctor freed of rape charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: A trial court has absolved a 60-year-old doctor of a rape charge as the victim committed suicide two months after the alleged incident.Stating that the victim cannot depose in the case as she had committed suicide two months after reporting the matter to the police, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat discharged the doctor, who works at an ayurvedic hospital in west Delhi, of the charge of raping the 25-year-old widow.\"What seems to be more intriguing is that victim did not subject herself to the medical examination (after complaining of the incident),\" the court noted.The woman, who also worked in the hospital, had in March 2011 accused the doctor of raping her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281608", "title": "Tribal department officials to track schools", "text": "NASHIK: After food samples taken from an ashramshala in Surgana tehsil, where 58 tribal students fell ill after reportedly consuming sub-standard food, tested negative, the tribal development commissionerate's project officer, Kalwan, Gajanan Kendre, has decided to handover the responsibility of school and hostels to employees in his jurisdiction.\"The sample of the prepared food taken from the hostel on the day of incident has tested negative. In order to prevent recurrence of such incidents, we have decided to handover responsibility of every school and hostel to department employees. They will visit and stay at the hostels, have lunch and dinner with the children and report to me every Monday, during the review meeting,\" Kendre said.The department is also trying to raise awareness among locals and parents about services provided at the schools. \"We are thinking of strengthening the parents' and teachers' coordination, which will help eliminate problems,\" he added. Flying squads will also be intensified and will also be carrying inspections every day.\"The concept of flying squads is there, but henceforth the frequency of their visits will be intensified to ensure there are no loopholes going unplugged. These measures will not only improve quality of food but also help better the hospitality issues in the hostels,\" Kendre said. Though the food tested negative, the cause of vomiting among students remains untraced. There was a possibility of few girls having eaten something bought from the market by their parents, who might have visited them, a source said. The number of such girls could be limited to just four or five, but after they felt uneasiness, the panic-stricken villagers and the school teachers must have admitted all the girls to hospital.\"We looked for any kind of eating material bought from the market. We checked every bag in every room,\" the project officer said. The food and drugs administration (FDA) has asked its counterpart in neighbouring Gujarat to take action against the supplier of chillies to the contractor. \"The chillies supplied to contractor at ashramshala in Borgaon, were found to be sub-standard after testing in laboratory. Earlier, we had asked the FDA in Gujarat state, to take action against the supplier in Gujarat. But now we have asked the department to take necessary action against the supplier based on the reports of the Pune-based laboratory,\" the officials from the department said.On January 8, 58 tribal girls from the government ashramshala in Borgaon had complained of giddiness and four of them had started vomiting after having the afternoon meal in school. The girls were then admitted to Vani, the primary health centre, and later, to the civil hospital in Nashik. All of them were discharged after treatment, the next day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280282", "title": "Restaurateurs held in Rs 1.35 crore cheating case", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Owners of Gopi Restaurant were arrested by a team of crime branch on Friday after they duped their friend and investor for Rs 1.35 crore. Investigators believe that Thakkar brothers, the accused, have debt of Rs 65 crore.According to crime branch officials, Praful Thakar, 50, a resident of Vasna and a documentary filmmaker, was friends with Rajendra and Dilip Thakkar, owners of Gopi Restaurant and partners at Balaram Resorts near Palanpur, since childhood. The duo studied with Thakar at Diwan Ballubhai School. In 2011, the brothers approached Thakar and told him that they were in process of developing Balaram Resorts further with addition of rooms and that's why they needed funds. They also showed Thakar maps and plans for the project.\"The duo told Thakar that the resort is a favoured destination for the filmmakers and television serial producers and thus there is huge potential for the profits once the project shapes up. They promised Thakar double the returns on his investment in ten months. Thakkars also floated a scheme where gifts were announced for people bringing in more than five investors. As earlier the payments were regular, Thakar believed the duo and in nine installments, gave Rs 1.35 crore,\" said KK Patel, inspector of crime branch.Thakar, who primarily invested to help his friends, was in for a shock when the duo stopped taking his calls or discuss the money matters after due date in December 2011. In January, he got a call from Devang, the brothers' friend, that if he wishes, he could pay 15 to 20 per cent of the principal amount.Thakar then investigated the matter and got to know that the brothers have almost sold off their share in the resort and were duping people. The cheques and promissory notes were also not honoured by the brothers.\"We went through the details and have arrested the Thakkar brothers. Earlier, they were called for the truce when they said that they don't have adequate money to pay off their investors. The brothers have debt of around Rs 65 crore on them,\" said the official.Rajendra had gone missing in JanuaryRajendra Thakkar, one of the owners of Gopi Restaurant, had gone missing in January along with his family members without telling anybody and was later found from his in-laws place. Police then suspected financial feud but the brothers maintained that everything was in order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13296000", "title": "Waited 9 months for Diya Aur Bati Hum: Anas Rashid", "text": "Anas Rashid aka Sooraj Rathi from the no. 1 serial on TV 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' had to wait for nine months for the show to take off.After a successful stint in 'Prithviraj Chauhan' and 'Kahiin to Hoga' , Anas signed on for 'Diya Aur Baati Hum' but it took a while to launch and it wasn't easy for the actor. Says Anas \"I signed on for the role and waited. A lot of people told me the show would never take off and I was ridiculed for playing the role of a halwai. Even rival channels approached me but I had full faith in my producers\".Well, it's been worth the wait for Anas who has created a huge fan following for himself and has become synonymous with Sooraj.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13300406", "title": "Shah Rukh has Congress's protection: Thackeray", "text": "MUMBAI: Targeting Shah Rukh Khan over the Wankhede incident, Shiv Sena chief Bal Thackeray today said the actor did not seem to mind the treatment given by airport authorities in the United States, but was ready to get into fracas here, because \"he has Congress's protection\".\"Surprisingly, US security officers detain Shah Rukh Khan at the airport...frisk him, but he does not lose his cool. He goes there again and again to get humiliated. But he argues with humble security guards at Wankhede, because here he has the protection of the law, and of Congress,\" Thackeray said in his editorial in the Sena mouthpiece 'Saamana'.\"Shah Rukh is a good actor...but his behaviour at parties, public events is controversial. Recently Saif Ali Khan too behaved this way. Perhaps that's why Centre gave him Padmashri. In that case, Shah Rukh deserves a bigger honour. Please do recommend him for President-nominated Member of Parliament,\" it said. \"If Shah Rukh felt that the security guards misbehaved with him and insulted the kids of 'a celebrity', he should have complained to the authorities at Wankhede Stadium....The guards would have been punished without any inquiry,\" Thackeray said.The editorial also contrasted Shah Rukh with other members of the film industry. \"Amitabh Bachchan and his family members, Aamir Khan, Anil Kapoor and Hrithik Roshan are also celebrities. But one never hears of they getting into brawls under the influence of alcohol.\" It also mentioned recent reports that Bachchan helped some Vidarbha farmers repay their debts.\"How many actors have done this?\" it asked. \"We wish Shah Rukh success as an actor. He should stay away from fights, brawls, bad language and Pakistan's advocacy,\" Thackeray said. Sena had targeted Shah Rukh earlier over his remark that he would have liked to have Pakistani players in the IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284517", "title": "1 held for circulating false SMSs about Dera Radha Soami head", "text": "LUDHIANA: Bimal Batra, a resident of Chuharpur Road, has been arrested for circulating false SMSs about the head of Dera Radha Soami, Baba Gurinder Singh Dhillon, in the name of a famous Ludhianvi.When the person whose name was being used to circulate these came to know about it, he informed the police.ACP, crime, Gurmeet Kaur said, ''Through SMSs, the accused, who is unemployed, was creating a false alarm that the baba's life was in danger. He has been doing it for the past few months. A case has been registered against him under the IT Act.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "alapuzzha", "code": "13281939", "title": "Govt apathy plagues sewage system in Alappuzha", "text": "ALAPUZZHA: The drainage system in Alappuzha town continues to be in a deplorable condition with the authorities concerned turning a blind eye towards it.With Alappuzha being an epicentre of contagious diseases, clogged and overflowing drains can pose serious health problems.Experts of Kerala State Institute of Virology and Infectious Diseases ( KSIVID) have warned that the poor drainage system will result in the outbreak of malaria and water-borne diseases during monsoon.\"Unscientific construction of drainages and lack of proper waste disposal facility are the major reasons for the outbreak of rat fever. During monsoon, the rats living in drains and heaps of waste will come out causing leptospirosis,''said entomologist T Kamaraj, who is also KSIVID's head.\"Most drains in the town are choked with garbage especially plastic waste. So during monsoon, mosquitoes will be very high in these areas and there are chances for the outbreak of mosquito- borne disease like Japanese encephalitis. The people should desist from dumping plastic waste and other solid waste in the drains. It will block the flow of water resulting in flooded roads and cause serious health problems to the people,'' said associate professor of Alappuzha MCH, Dr Sairu Philip.\"The drains are in poor condition in various parts of the town like Zacharia Bazar, near EMS stadium and HD Paadam Colony. People keep dumping plastic waste in drains. Waste from the slaughter house is the main reason for the dire state of the drains in the town,'' said Janasakthi town general secretary Salim Pulimootil.\"The construction work of drains is taking place in the town.\"It was in 2010, the Public Works Department started steps for constructing the new drains in the town. Though we had invited tenders for this purpose, there were no takers for it in 2010. Of the eight works, three only remain to be completed,'' said PWD town assistant engineer K Pushpan.\"It is the responsibility of the local bodies concerned to keep cleaning the drains in the town set up by the PWD. People are not bothered about the need of good drainage system. They put plastic waste and other solid waste in these drains creating serious health problems,'' he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "garhwa", "code": "13304848", "title": "5 TPC rebels held with arms", "text": "GARHWA: Dhurki police of Garhwa district have arrested five self-styled extremists of Tritiya Prastuti Committee (TPC) along with arms and ammunition. The sixth member of the gang is still at large.Garhwa SP Michael Raj S told media persons on Friday that the arrested persons were Kushta Ansari, Meraj Ansari, Afzal Ansari , Manager Bhuiyan and Rasheed Ansari. Rasheed Ansari was already associated with the TPC squad. He was released from the jail recently and form his own gang.Police have also recovered two SBBL guns, one air gun, two pistols, five cartridges and seven cell phones including two stolen cell phones. The SP said the arrested extremists were planning for collecting money from Tendu leaf contractors. \"They were also plotting to attack them if they failed to pay the money,\" he added.Police were tipped off about the gang's plan. Meanwhile, a police team led by Dhurki police station in charge Amitabh Roy conducted raids and nabbed them from different places, said the SP.The SP also said the gang used to sneak into the adjacent Chhattisgarh state after collecting money from the Tendu leaf contractors and committing other crimes in the area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13281592", "title": "Heat in Parliament over drought", "text": "NEW DELHI: The government and the BJP clashed in Lok Sabha on Friday over compensation to drought-hit Karnataka despite assurances that the Centre is working out a package for the state.Minister of state for agriculture Harish Rawat said as per long-term measures to meet the drought situation, the government has prepared a contingency plan for 180 districts, including those in Karnataka.BJP member Ananth Kumar raised the issue, accusing the Centre of delaying compensation to the BJP-ruled state. Other party members backed him, saying the Centre is deliberately ignoring Karnataka while announcing packages for Vidarbha and Bundelkhand.This was contested by Congress members, including ministers Sushilkumar Shinde and Veerappa Moily, while Rawat rejected the allegation and accused BJP of giving drought a political hue.He said a central team visited the state from May 13 to 16, the second such tour since December 2010 to assess the situation , and its report is awaited.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13304967", "title": "Sailesh Bolisetti wins maiden race in British GT", "text": "CHENNAI: India's Sailesh Bolisetti registered his first victory of the season when he won the race two at the second round of the British GT championship held in Nurburgring , Germany on Saturday.Representing Lotus Sport team, the weekend started on a positive note for Bolisetti as he finishing third and first in the two official practice sessions.But an unfortunate onslaught of technical problems prevented Bolisetti and his teammate Phil Glew from exploiting the performance of their Lotus Evora GT4 car during the qualifying sessions.After a disappointing opening race, lady lucky finally favoured Bolisetti after team-mate Glew handed over the proceedings to him from the leading position.Bolisetti was also favoured when one of the cars of front-running Ginetta retired from the race due to a mechanical issue - giving the Indian further leeway to hold on to the lead.From then on it was just a matter of maintaining the cushion and driving the car to its limit.\"When Phil handed me the car from lead, the first thought in my mind was to preserve it and try to keep the opposition behind and the car out of the barriers,\" Bolisetti said.\"The margin was slim but we managed to turn the car around in pits quicker than our competitors so I had a little more breathing space.\"Bolisetti crossed the finish line 27 seconds ahead of second-placed Ginetta, clinching his maiden victory in the series.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281190", "title": "Akhilesh gives 15-day deadline to improve law and order", "text": "LUCKNOW: Two months after storming to power in Uttar Pradesh , chief minister Akhilesh Yadav gave a 15-day deadline to police and administrative heads of all districts to improve law and order. This was Yadav's first review meet after becoming CM and was aimed at quelling fears of a return of lawlessness under SP rule.Addressing the review meeting of district magistrates and senior superintendents of police in Lucknow, Akhilesh said ensuring better law and order was the first step towards accelerating UP's development. Emphasising that no economic activity could prosper if law and order was bad, Akhilesh also said officials must ensure that every resident of the state, irrespective of caste or class, benefitted from the government's development initiatives.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282390", "title": "Excess-fee defaulters denied school books", "text": "COIMBATORE: A fresh complaint was raised on Friday by parents of students studying in SBOA Matriculation and Higher Secondary School at Chokkampudur that the school was targeting students who had failed to pay the excess amounts fixed by it in previous years.A few parents handed over petitions to the inspector of matriculation schools (IMS) on Friday complaining that the school did not issue 'challans' to buy books, to a section of students who failed to pay fees fixed by the school.M Saravanan, the secretary of the SBOA Parents' Association, said \"the school asked us to pay the arrears and get the books. But last Wednesday, when we raised this at the hearing of the Tamil Nadu Fee Determination Committee, the school had promised to settle the issue amicably, but they are again trying to intimidate us.\" However, despite repeated attempts by TOI, the school management was unavailable for any comments.Meanwhile, a few schools in the city have decided to release the marks of the students, which were withheld for not paying the fees demanded by them.S Gopidoss, the IMS, said they ordered Chinmaya Vidyalaya Matriculation Higher Secondary School in Vadavalli and Rukmini Kannan Matriculation Higher Secondary School near Kovaipudur to release the marks list of those students whom they had withheld.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13279965", "title": "Doctor \u2018stung\u2019 revealing fetus sex", "text": "AHMEDABAD: In a state reeling under skewed child sex ratio of 886 girls per 1,000 boys, the cost of helping kill a girl child in the womb is a mere Rs 9,000! A sting operation carried out by district health and police officials on Friday helped nab Dr Hemang Shah, practicing in Naroda, for revealing the sex of a foetus for a fee of Rs 9,000.An FIR has been lodged against the doctor and his agent Ashok Patel for violating the Pre-Conception Pre Natal Diagnostic Techniques Act (PCPNDT) Act. This is the second successful sting operation on erring doctors in five years.In 2007, radiologist Dr Harshad G Thakkar was caught red-handed by the administration. Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra said the sting operation was carried out to send out a strong signal that perpetrators of female foeticide will not be spared. The tip-off was given by a citizen and the pregnant woman agreed to volunteer to help the cause.The operation was led by chief district health official Neelam Patel. Officials said that fearing action doctors have taken a back seat. Pregnant women are being entertained for tests only if they come through an agent appointed by the doctor.In the sting operation, officials were tipped by a citizen that Ashok Patel helped sex determination tests done. A lady medical officer got in touch with him on Thursday evening and fixed an appointment for getting a test done.Interestingly, the agent operates out of a hospital where no doctor is employed. Patel took the money and led a three-month pregnant woman who had agreed to be a decoy for the test to Dr Hemang Shah who conducted the test using a portable sonography machine and told the sex of the foetus. Chetna Chaudhary, inspector of women police station, told TOI that the duo was arrested on Friday evening and was booked under sections 20, 22, 23, 25 and 28 of PNDT Act and sections 201 and 204 of IPC. Investigations will be carried out if Dr Hemang Shah is registered and how come Ashok Patel operated out of a hospital, district officials said.\"There is a possibility that they are quacks who want to make quick buck from desperate couples not wishing to have daughters,\" said Ahmedabad district collector Vijay Nehra. It needs mention that Gujarat had child sex ratio of 883 girls per 1,000 boys in 2001 which only marginally improved to 886 girls per 1,000 boys in 2011, prompting authorities to strike afresh on doctors enabling common people to kill the girl child in mothers' wombs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281478", "title": "Lathicharge on farmers", "text": "NASHIK: The rural police lathicharged farmers in Yeola after they went on a rasta-roko agitation to protest against the shortage of BT cotton seeds supplied to them. Nearly 8,000 farmers had gathered at more than 25 centres where seeds by Mahyco were up for sale. However, with the total volume of only 2,500 packets available, the farmers protested the same and staged rasta-roko agitation.Cops had to lathicharge them after being pelted by stones. at first, but after farmers pelted stones, cops intensified their action.A bandh call was given for Yeola on Saturday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode/thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13284128", "title": "Chandrasekharan murder case: Intelligence warns CPM may resist arrests in strongholds", "text": "KOZHIKODE/THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: With mounting evidence of the party's role in the TP Chandrasekharan murder, the CPM signalled a subtle shift in its strategy. Admitting that it would look into instances, if any, where party workers may have gone astray, CPM state secretary Pinarayi Vijayan on Friday, more pertinently, warned of \" self-defence\" if the investigation continued to target the party.The intelligence wing of the state police has passed on information to the Special Investigation Team about preparations by CPM workers to block the police from entering their strongholds. It is suspected that Kodi Suni, the main suspect in the murder, and other assailants are hiding in 'party villages' inaccessible to the police.The terrain of these areas is such that party workers can see police movements well in advance and no one, including plainclothesmen, can set foot in these areas without attracting suspicion. Considering the stakes the party has in the case, it is highly unlikely the CPM will give in without offering stiff opposition.The SIT is ploughing through thousands of call details to identify the mobile number used by Kodi Suni. Police suspect that Suni used a new SIM card and mobile handset to contact a senior CPM leader when the former arrived after the killing near the party's Koothuparamba area committee office.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13279068", "title": "American students hit it off with Indian counterparts at exchange programme", "text": "MADURAI: Students from various institutions of the United States interacted with Indian students in a young adults meet organised by the International Association for Religious Freedom (IARF) at Mannar Thirumalai Naicker College in the city outskirts on Friday. The US students are visiting India as part a student exchange programme of the religious freedom of young adult network programme.Sarah Koslov and Ananth Krishna Bulusu from the University of South Carolina who are part of the 17-member student team, said the reception given by the Indian students was overwhelming. \"We never expected that we will be received with a ceremonial procession. The Indian hospitality is amazing,\" Sarah said. For Ananth, whose parents hail from Kakinada in Andhra Pradesh , the visit had rekindled his childhood memories of India. \"This visit is a joyous homecoming. People in India seem happier the those in the US, with a lot of cultural and spiritual values as an integral part of their lives,\" he said.After the formal inauguration of the meet, ice-breaking sessions through group games were held for the students and an interaction session followed where students from both countries asked each other various questions. \"We also showcased many cultural programmes like Karagattam, Thappattam, Devarattam, the folk dances of the locality,\" third-year English literature student Saranya said.V Rengapashyam, international council member of IARF said the association organised exchange programme across many countries. \"Exchange programmes introduce foreign students to local cultures, religions and the life style of the people. Exposing young minds to various cultures of the world will nurture values of religious harmony and inter-faith awareness,\" Rengapashyam said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284260", "title": "Daughter-in-law's bail plea turned down", "text": "PUNE: The bail plea of Shweta Uday Selarka (30) accused of murdering her mother-in-law Shobha (62) was rejected by additional sessions judge S D Darne on Friday.Selarka, who lived in Sarita housing society, Mayur Colony, in Kothrud, was brutally done to death in the bedroom of their rented flat on March 13, this year. The needle of suspicion pointed to robbery as the motive, initially.Three days later, the Kothrud police arrested Shweta. They suspected her involvement because of her blood-soaked clothes, her suspicious movements and her attempt to mislead police by saying that a robbery had taken place. Investigations revealed that Shweta had not raised an alarm, nor did she alert neighbours after the crime.Police questioned senior citizens and children playing on the society's premises, but none had seen anyone enter the building between 6.30 and 7.30 pm. This led to strengthening of the suspicion that the killer was from the building.Senior police inspector Chandrakant Ghodke of the Kothrud police station had said Shweta had planned to kill her mother-in-law following a dispute over a job change. Shweta was a commerce graduate and worked part-time for an insurance firm and operated from home.Shweta, who has been in judicial custody at the women's jail at Yerawada, filed the bail plea through her lawyer Sudhir Shah.Shah said that Shweta was not at home when her mother-in-law was murdered. She had informed her husband and others about the murder when she reached home. Shah argued that the FIR was lodged against unknown persons and his client had been arrested on suspicion as there was no motive for her to commit the offence. He pleaded for her release as she was a woman who had a three-year-old daughter.However, additional public prosecutor Vikas Shah prayed for the rejection as there was sufficient evidence against Shweta to prove her involvement in the crime.Rejecting the bail plea, judge Darne said that from the case papers it cannot be said that Shweta was falsely implicated and the probe has revealed that she was present at home when the incident happened, Besides, ornaments were seized from her possession. He also observed that it will be improper to release her on bail on the grounds cited as the probe was in progress.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283793", "title": "Pak link to terror plot against Indian mission in France", "text": "LONDON: Two months after he was shot dead by French special forces, a 23-year-old Algerian-origin terrorist was found to have been plotting to attack the Indian embassy in Paris on the direction of his Taliban handlers in Pakistan. Quoting sources from the French Internal Intelligence and the Special Forces, Le Monde reported that Mohamed Merah's Taliban handlers in Pakistan had tasked him to attack the Indian mission.\"That was the target given him by the Taliban who prepared him for jihad during his training in Pakistan in the summer of 2011,\" the paper reported. Merah was killed after police and special forces laid an almost 32-hour siege of his apartment in Toulouse, after his armed attacks on a Jewish school and killing of army personnel outside their barracks on March 15.During the siege, the terrorist had long chats with the policemen surrounding his house, which were recorded and are now part of the judicial dossier. Merah told cops that he had dropped the plan to attack the Indian mission due to difficulty of the enterprise . He also said that he had attended jihad camps in Pakistan and undergone al-Qaida training. Merah had long been known to the French authorities as a petty criminal but his links to Islamist extremism drew attention at a later stage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280391", "title": "Army chief to visit Kolkata today", "text": "KOLKATA: The Eastern Command is preparing to roll out the red carpet for outgoing Army chief Gen V K Singh. The general will be paying his farewell visit to the city on Saturday. This visit is of special significance as Gen Singh headed the command prior to taking over as chief of Army staff. The general retires from service on May 31.\"He will be received by Lt Gen Bikram Singh, GOC-in-C, Eastern Command. It is Lt Gen Singh who will take over the baton from Gen V K Singh.The outgoing general will be welcomed in true military tradition and hold meetings with senior officers as well as veterans. The general will certainly share his fond memories about his career in the Army. He may also share his visions for the benefit of the officers. It is a proud moment for the command when we will have the outgoing CoAS and the new one here. For two successive terms, army commanders from here have become Army chiefs,\" a source said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13291599", "title": "Huawei to launch MediaPad tablet soon", "text": "Huawei Technologies Co, China's largest maker of phone equipment, said its MediaPad tablet computers are being tested by Tribune as news readers.The Chicago Tribune and Los Angeles Times are conducting trials of the tablets through the end of this month, and the devices may be rolled out nationwide once those tests are complete, said James Jiang, executive vice president of product solutions at Huawei's device business in the US.Huawei founder Ren Zhengfei is diversifying the company into consumer mobile devices to expand business in the US, where lawmakers have opposed sales of its phone-network equipment because of his Chinese military background. Tribune Chief Executive Officer Eddy Hartenstein is seeking to add a new business to stem losses from declining newspaper circulation and increased printing costs.\"We are always looking for opportunities to provide companies with products and solutions that will enhance the level of service that they provide to their customers,\" Jiang said in an e-mail. \"In this case, it is about providing the Tribune's readers with a platform that allows them to access news and other content.\"The Chicago-based Tribune Co , which also owns radio and TV stations, filed for bankruptcy in 2008, one year after a leveraged buyout led by real-estate billionaire Sam Zell. Tribune, valued earlier this year by the company at more than $7 billion, owes creditors about $13 billion. The company said May 15 it will stop publishing LA, Los Angeles Times Magazine, on June 3.Gary Weitman, a Tribune spokesman, declined to comment.Huawei unveiled the MediaPad tablet, which runs Google's Android operating system, last year as profit was cut by half. Huawei plans to boost total revenue as much as 20 per cent this year, aided by the push into the consumer market, Controller CT Johnson said last month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13282175", "title": "A dream come true, admits Pratik", "text": "PANAJI: Like Goutam Bhat, it was deja vu for Pratik Panchal too, who was at the second position at the Goa Common Entrance Test. The student of Dhempe College of Arts and Science, Miramar, has secured a 233rd all India rank and is the second topper of IIT-JEE from Goa.\"It feels great being the second topper and I'm extremely happy with my rank. I feel like I'm on top of the world. I did my best and have put in a lot of efforts in these two years and I'm truly rewarded for it,\" an elated Pratik said.Pratik also wants to join IIT Mumbai like Goutam, but is undecided on which stream he wants to pursue. Pratik said that a lot of assistance and guidance from Aryan Study Circle helped him attain his aim of getting into an IIT. He is son of mining engineer Piyush and teacher Manisha Panchal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13304842", "title": "Government to provide free uniform to school students", "text": "RANCHI: The state government will provide free uniforms to all students from Classes I to VIII studying in government, government-aided and private schools. The decision was taken by the state cabinet on Friday.State cabinet secretary Aditya Swaroop said the government would provide uniforms to students twice every year. \"The state will provide uniform to every student in government and government-aided schools. In case of private schools, the facility will be restricted to 25% students who get admission on government quota in the below poverty line (BPL) category,\" said Swaroop adding that Rs 28 crore had also been sanctioned for this purpose.The cabinet also authorized the MGNREGA commissioner to issue cheques of up to Rs 25 lakh to ensure timely payment of wages to workers under the scheme. In case the amount exceeds Rs 25 lakh, the cheque will be signed by rural development secretary and MGNREGA commissioner. The decision to authorize the commissioner was taken to ensure timely payment to MGNREGA workers especially those working in rural areas which are not connected with banks and post offices.\"To expedite the process of industrialization, the cabinet also approved land for various power and coal mining projects in Santhal Pargana and Saraikela-Kharsawan district,\" Swaroop said adding that the companies that would get land include Adhunik Power and Panam Coal.The cabinet also gave consent for providing land to various schools in Ranchi and Pakur districts.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280369", "title": "Unsuccessful students run riot at WBJEE office", "text": "KOLKATA: A day after WBJEE results were announced, trouble broke out at the board's office near Rajarhat on Friday.More than a hundred medical aspirants - who could not qualify in the joint entrance - and their parents pelted stones, broke glass windows and scuffled with WBJEE officials demanding an explanation for their names being omitted from the merit list put up on the website on Thursday. The Bidhan Nagar police were informed and the mob dispersed after a huge force was deployed.\"I believe hooligans were involved who had provoked the guardians and students to start the violence,\" said WBJEE chairman Bhaskar Gupta.Existing norms say that only general candidates who secure 50% or SC/ST and OBC students who secure 40% in medical entrance test are eligible for counselling. Gupta said: \"Both the WBJEE brochure and the website clearly mention the cutoff. Then where is the possibility of miscommunication? They broke windows and shoved the board officials. I tried to explain to them why their ranks were missing on the website, but they refused to listen.\"The miscommunication was possibly a fallout of the board's decision to award ranks to all candidates in engineering, unlike medical. \"But in the engineering entrance exam, there is no cutoff. So all have received ranks as we thought it is their right to know about their performance. But in case of medical, there is a cutoff percentage, which they have to achieve combining physics, chemistry and biology,\" Gupta pointed out.Trouble started around noon when the parents and students demanded to know the ranks of those who were not eligible for counselling. A student even hit himself on the forehead and started bleeding profusely. Gupta and other board officials tried to explain, but the mob refused to listen. \"When police were called in, four guardians were sent to hold a discussion with us. They requested us to put up the marks secured by the non-eligible candidates on websites. I don't know how far it'll be possible since the court has given no such directive. I have given no assurances,\" Gupta said.This year, 51,878 students had enrolled for medical entrance of which 49,826 took the test. Only 3,635 qualified for counselling. \"It is 7.3% of the total. Last year an even lesser percentage had passed the test. Manikuntala Sarkar, aunt of Srijita Sarkar, a student of BD Memorial School who had taken the medical entrance test, claimed: \"The board officials could not give a valid answer. They have majorly goofed up in a hurry to publish the results.\" Srijita alleged: \"There is a technical glitch. They are asking for a 6-digit roll number while the roll numbers have ten digits.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13292125", "title": "Avantika plays snake ghost in her next", "text": "In her upcoming movie, 'Yakshi Faithfully Yours', Avantika plays a gorgeous Kerala women who is basically a snake. The plot of the movie basically revolves around snake ghosts who come to earth in the Gandharva Yama and get into a relationship with men and then kill them. Here, Yakshi(Avantika) plays the character of the snake who turns into a woman after coming to the planet.Avantika Mohan, Parvathi Nair, Deepak, Faisal, Akhil Devan and Manoj are playing the central characters in the movie. Source: Kerala9.com", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278361", "title": "Mutilated body found in Delhi's Defence Colony", "text": "NEW DELHI: The lower half of a man's body was found in a bag dumped outside a house in C Block, Defence Colony, on Friday. The body was badly mutilated with the head, arms and upper torso missing. This is the fifth incident of a body being found abandoned in the city.Police said the body bag was found by sweepers in the morning. They informed the house owners about the unattended bag, who called police.\"We received a call around 9.30am and a team went to the spot. The bag was opened and we found the lower half of a man's corpse wrapped tightly in another plastic bag. Forensic teams were called in and evidence was collected. We are trying to establish the victim's identity,\" said a senior police officer. Cops are searching for his upper torso and head.The body will be preserved for the next 72 hours after which the postmortem will be conducted.The mutilated body was clothed in a pair of black trousers and had shoes on, said a police source. He said 'ESS' had been imprinted on the belt the corpse was wearing. They suspect the man could have been working for a security agency and this could be part of his uniform. Missing persons complaints lodged in the past two days in the area are being analyzed, said police.Cops have also contacted several security firms to check whether any of their employees had gone missing.Police said the man might have been murdered elsewhere and his body dumped in Defence Colony to mislead the investigators. Cops said it seemed the man was murdered on Thursday evening after which the body was chopped into two parts.A case of murder has been registered at the Defence Colony police station.On Monday, the decomposed body of an unidentified youth was discovered in a bag in central Delhi's Prasad Nagar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13278248", "title": "Index medical college denied permission for MBBS course", "text": "BHOPAL: The higher education department has not permitted several colleges to run medical, nursing and other related courses to owing to their non-compliance of terms within stipulated the time-limit. The colleges affected include Index medical college, hospital and research centre of Indore which has been denied permission to run MBBS course as the medical council of India (MCI) has also not given permission to the college.Other colleges affected by the Friday order of the department include Sam College of Nursing, Indore for PG diploma in oncology, critical care nursing and emergency and disaster as permission has not been received from concerning councils for these courses.Similarly, permission has been denied to non-government Chirayu College and Hospital, Bhopal, for BSc nursing course and LN Nursing College, Bhopal, for BSc Nursing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278081", "title": "IIT-JEE: Indore boy bags 82nd rank", "text": "INDORE: The results for the IIT-JEE, one of the gateways to the prestigious technical education institutes in the country, was declared on Friday with as many as 325 students receiving all India ranking from the city alone. Though out of the 8,000 students who appeared for the examination from the city, only one candidate received under 100 rank. Rishi Mundhra bagged 82nd rank in the general category followed by Parul Jain at 116th and Abhijit Joshi at 120th position respectively.According to the experts, city students have bettered their performance this year.\"We have seen an increase by more than 50 per cent in the number of successful candidates from our institute this year. Our 32 students were selected last year. This year, the number has increased to 50,\" said one of the directors of a coaching institute.Counselling website will remain open for the shortlisted candidates till June 10, he informed.It is for the first time that IIT-JEE has declared rankings of nearly 17,000 candidates out of which nearly 9,800 will be eligible for the counselling. Nearly, 4.80 lakh candidates had appeared in the examination held on April 8. Scores of the examination will be used for admission to prestigious technical institutes such as IT-BHU, Varanasi and ISM Dhanbad apart from the IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13281438", "title": "14 qualify for IITs from Goa", "text": "PANAJI: Fourteen students from Goa cleared the entrance test to the prestigious Indian Institutes of Technology (IIT) and two of them featured in the top 250 ranks at the IIT joint entrance exam ( JEE).For Margao lad Goutam Bhat, ranked 124, and Panaji resident Pratik Panchal, ranked 233, this means they will have the advantage of choosing a stream of their preference at an IIT of their choice.It was not an easy task for the Goan boys with 5.60 lakh students from across the country vying for the 17,000 ranks. The number of those answering IITJEE this year was up by a lakh.While Goutam had emerged the top engineering candidate at the Goa common entrance test (GCET), Pratik had been at second spot.Neha Da Rocha, who has secured a rank of 14,083 at IITJEE, had emerged as top candidate for the medicine seat at GCET. The 14,940 rank holder at the IITJEE Nandan Pai Kakode had topped the Goa board Class X exams two years ago.\"It is after close to two decades that two Goan students have secured a rank at the IITJEE within the first 250. We are waiting for the results of the entrance test to the National institutes of technology-the AIEEE-and the results of the entrance exam to the Birla institutes of technology-BITSAT. Many of these students are expected to secure good ranks at these exams too,\" Vyankatesh Prabhudesai, who coached all the Goa rankers, said.He added that training for entry into IITs, NITs and BITS helped students fare better at GCET.\"Around 85 students from Goa appeared for IITJEE this year and around 30 manage to get into IITs every year from the state inclusive of those in the waiting lists. This year Goa board introduced an additional exam at short notice in January, which other states do not have, and it took up some of the students' preparation time for IITJEE,\" Prabhudesai said. \"Last year, IITJEE was conducted out of 486 marks. This year it was out of 401 marks, which meant that the difficulty level of the papers was higher, and considering that, Goa students have performed very well,\" Prabhudesai said.Ashrey Addappa and Dev Wiseman Pinto, who had qualified from Goa at IITJEE last year, took the tests again this year to better their ranks. Ashrey was placed at 4,268 and Dev at 6,800. Both want to pursue mechanical engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kochi", "code": "13281656", "title": "Court denies bail to Rasheed", "text": "KOCHI: DySP Abdul Rasheed, who was arrested by the CBI for criminal conspiracy in attacking Mathrubhumi reporter V B Unnithan, was denied bail by the additional sessions court here on Friday, ruling that granting bail would adversely affect the investigation.After inspecting the case diary, the judge held that the DySP was present when the location to attack Unnithan was finalized. Moreover, he had close links with Container Santhosh, who was alleged to have a criminal background, the judge observed.Criticizing the nexus between criminals and senior police officials, the judge observed that no responsible police officer could maintain close links with people with criminal background.The CBI submitted to the court that Rasheed didn't cooperate with the probe while in custody but chose to pretend to be ill. The court accepted CBI's argument that bail shouldn't be granted as more evidence in the case was yet to be unearthed. Further, the court dismissed Rasheed's counsel's argument that his arrest was made without enough evidence against him.Santhosh had earlier revealed that two DySPs, Rasheed and Santhosh Nair, had asked him to engage the gang that attacked Unnithan in 2010 while the scribe was returning home after work at night. An investigation conducted by the crime branch earlier had failed to detect the involvement of senior officials of the Kerala police. The ongoing probe by the CBI had revealed that the attack was part of a conspiracy hatched by some senior cops who employed local goons for the job.On Thursday, DySP M Santhosh Nair had filed a petition in the magistrate court here alleging that he was forced by DIG S Sreejith and SP Sam Christy Daniel to take full responsibility for the attack on the scribe.The DIG and SP illegally detained him at the crime branch office at Kaloor here and offered to facilitate filing of a chargesheet laid with lighter accusations to facilitate his escape if he was willing to take up responsibility for the attack on the scribe, DySP Santhosh Nair alleged in a petition before the judicial first class magistrate court of Ernakulam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13283990", "title": "Ten day mango fest begins in Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: A 10-day mango festival began at the Kanakkakunnu Palace here on Friday. The festival showcases all endemic and exotic varieties of mangoes, including the large-sized Javaanpasand, to the small-sized Chakkarakutty.Inaugurating the mango festival, agriculture minister K P Mohanan said a hi-tech mango farm will be set up at Attapadi.He added that the Centre has assured to give Rs 183 crore as support for this farm. The state would be given Rs 10 crore to initiate the project. Mango farmers above 60 years of age will be provided with a monthly pension grant by the state government. The youth will be trained in hi-tech farming practices which would be farmer-friendly, agriculture and consumer-friendly.\"Climate changes affect farming and to increase the yield despite that, all protective farming initiatives are planned in horticulture with the support of the State Horticulture Mission and State Horticorp,\" Mohanan said.Organized by the State Horticulture Mission with the support of Mango Growers Association, the mango festival will conclude on May 27. Farmers from the mango city, Muthalamada in Palakkad and from cities across the state will be there at the venue to showcase the best varieties of the fruit.Native mango varieties showcased at the festival include Neelam, Varikka, Kilichundan, Kottukonam, Vellari, Kalappadi, Sindooram and Chandrakkaran. Exotic mango varieties such as Banglora, Alphonsa, Banganapalli, Malgova, Malliga, Jahangir, Daseri and Selam are also on display at the festival.\"The aim of organizing such a festival is to protect the native varieties and to provide more marketing and sales support to mango farmers,\" said Dr K Prathapan, director of the State Horticulture Mission.The farmers involved in the cultivation of hybrid varieties of mangoes in the 400 hectares of land at Muthalamada in Palakkad are glad to have obtained the recognition of Mango City, said V Mohan Kumar, Mango Growers Association secretary and a farmer from Muthalamada in Palakkad. However, it would be a relief if the government provides more marketing and sales support across the state, at least with one outlet in each district, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13281549", "title": "ICAR planning to assemble a showcase on plants", "text": "PANAJI: Museums showcasing priceless treasures can be transformed into platforms for people to interact, while their scope to hold assets can be increased to include antiques lying neglected in the open as well.These were suggestions made by archaeologists and members of civil society present at a function to mark international Museum Day on Friday.The event was organized by the Archaeological Survey of India (ASI) at Old Goa and also saw the inauguration of the open air gallery opposite the St Francis of Assisi Church.\"A lot of monuments lie buried or scattered in forests or river beds or unwillingly neglected,\" pointed out historian Cosme Costa.He told of how people had sold ancient gold coins found near the Kadamba palace at Goa Velha to goldsmiths at throwaway prices.\"The 24-carat gold was melted to make 16-carat gold ornaments for good profits,\" he recounted. A 1-cm coin has been preserved by Costa at the Pilar museum.Calling museums repositories of the monuments of all cultures and religions, the priest said, \"In a multi-religious, multi-cultural and multilingual society like ours, they help to project our nation's secular image and promote communal harmony.\"Costa called for proper demarcation of ancient heritage sites in the regional plan, with proper display boards, especially of the royal road, Gopakapattan.T Sreelakshmi, superintending archaeologist, ASI Dharwar circle, said museums should be more than mere antique showcases. \"A museum should be more interactive, involving people, rather than merely displaying objects,\" he said.Carl D'Souza, manager, SBI, Old Goa, called for more awareness among students about museums. \"Students should be taken out of their textbook curriculums,\" he said. He added that the state's museums are not accorded due importance in tourism promotion.N P Singh, director, Indian Council of Agricultural Research, Old Goa, said ICAR was looking at plans to assemble a showcase of plant diversity and agricultural implements.Earlier, V Shivananda Rao, superintending archaeologist, ASI-Goa, traced the history of museums from chitrsalas to paintings to India's first museum and to today's modern avatars, including open sites like Dholavira.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284392", "title": "Coaching centres desperately woo successful JEE students", "text": "MUMBAI: Even before the JEE result was out on Friday, aggressive horse-trading was on among coaching classes for cornering top rankers to vouch for tutorials' standing. But ironically, a large percentage of students who qualified from the Bombay zone claimed they never went for private coaching and were successful on their own. Nishit Agrawal (all-India rank 6) from Kota is among the many who said they did not join a coaching class and opted for self-study. Data collated by IIT-Bombay shows that 2,055 students, or close to 50% of those who qualified from the Bombay zone this year, never went for private coaching.Penetrating into the highly competitive JEE coaching business and attracting bright students doesn't come easy. Everyone goes by previous results and, hence, the grand outcome or the number of toppers one churns out matters a lot. Probably hence, claimed Praveen Tyagi, proprietor of IITian's Pace, \"I was offered Rs 25 lakh from a coaching institute that wanted my student Manik Dhar as its own.\" He said the coaching institute wanted Dhar to sign on an enrolment form for their test series. AIR 1 Arpit Agarwal also did not have an easy time keeping coaching classes at bay. He deactivated his Facebook account and directed his coaching institute to not share his phone number with anyone.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13283118", "title": "University of Pune announces Rs 75,000 reward for information on murder", "text": "PUNE: The University of Pune (UoP) has announced a reward of Rs 75,000 for anyone who provides vital information in the murder case of a security supervisor. The city police had earlier announced a reward of Rs 25,000 in the case.UoP's security supervisor Prahlad Jogdandkar was shot dead on the university premises by an unidentified person on May 3. Jogdandkar and his colleague Babasaheb Nikalje had caught an unidentified man and a woman in the isolated area behind the servants' quarters. Following an altercation between the suspect and Jogdandkar, the suspect killed Jogdandkar.Senior inspector Bhanupratap Barge told TOI that the police received a letter from the UoP on Thursday, stating that those giving information that will help solve the case will be rewarded Rs 75,000.More than two weeks have passed after the murder, but the Chatushrungi police and the crime branch, who are investigating the case, do not have any clue about the suspect. Senior inspector Ajay Kadam of the Chatushrungi police station told TOI: \"We have questioned eight to 10 people. We also have questioned Babasaheb Nikalje, who was with Jogdandkar at the time.\" An officer from the crime branch said that police teams have checked criminals from the slums near the UoP and are on police records. tnn\"We have also checked the CCTV footage of the petrol pumps near the university as the suspect had demanded Rs 100 from Jogdandkar to fill petrol in his motorcycle,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277706", "title": "Metro expansion may derail many", "text": "NEW DELHI: Phase III of Delhi Metro network may be a boon for the city but a group of Delhiites will be paying the price for progress. Scores of shopkeepers, residents and villagers are dealing with the pitfalls of the Metro expansion. A part of line 7 (Mukundpur to Yamuna Vihar) will go underground in Naraina, though the corridor otherwise is elevated.It will result in shutdown of a part of a two-decade-old DDA shopping complex as well as takeover of the lone MCD park in the adjoining Naraina village-the latter for parking purposes. Owners of forty-three shops in the DDA shopping complex, who paid money thinking it was part of the master plan and therefore \"safe\", may be left without their livelihood for the two and half years it will take to build the station.Delhi Metro officials, who claim the original alignment of the line was changed to serve \"public interest\", are unwilling to listen to the residents and shopowners. Director (works) of Delhi Metro, Jitender Tyagi, says, \"The station will not record much footfall if it is located west of Ring Road, so we have changed its location to tap commuters.\" Asked how they were addressing the concerns of residents of the area, Tyagi said, \"Not everyone can be accommodated.\"\"Everyone\" are the residents of Naraina Vihar, Naraina village and the shopowners of the Naraina DDA shopping complex. Anil Singhi, who owns shop no. D15, says Delhi Metro's decision was a bolt from the blue. \"We got to know that the station will be located under the shopping complex in February 2012. Before that, Delhi Metro had said there would be two stations in Naraina,\" recalls Singhi. The shopkeepers' association president, Shailendra Vashisht, adds, \"We have met the chief project manager, who informed us that wings C, D and E would be acquired by Delhi Metro. The shops affected will be relocated to a neighbouring plot. We have been told to vacate by October.\"Says Vashisht, whose shop is also being acquired, \"If we are to be shifted to a nearby area, why can't the station come up there? Hundreds of people will be affected with the shutdown of these shops, many of whom are daily wagers.\" Next to Singhi's shop are smaller units, including a photocopying shop, gym, photo lab and other smaller businesses. All will be shut down during the construction.Tyagi admits that owners will have to look for an alternative location to run their businesses and offices. \"We are planning to build a few kiosks near the existing courtyard of the shopping complex for the smaller shops but others will have to arrange for alternative locations. The nearby plot where we will re-establish them will be ready only in two years' time,\" adds Tyagi.Residents of Nariana village are equally unhappy. Mahasingh Tanwar, whose family has lived in the village for generations, says Delhi Metro is taking away the only green area that the village has. \"The MCD park will be acquired to act as parking space for the Naraina station. It's the only park in the village where children can play and where we hold all our cultural programmes like Ramlila,\" rues Tanwar.Lack of political support from local MLAs-Ramakant Goswami and Karan Singh Tanwar-has left residents of the village as well as those of Naraina Vihar disillusioned. Says Satya Prakash, president of the Naraina Residents' Welfare Association, \"We had approached DMRC in 2011 in connection with the change in the alignment but no one is willing to listen to us.\" Prakash says the RWA is especially worried as the line will go underneath the colony. \"It's an old residential area, and the houses are not in the best of condition. Any underground work will affect their foundation,\" says Prakash. It's a fear echoed by Tanwar as well, who adds, \"Buildings in the village don't have the strongest foundation.\"That's not the only fear. \"The service lane next to the DDA shopping complex where the station will come up has two schools nearby. The opening of the station and the adjacent parking might endanger children's safety,\" says Prakash.Delhi Metro says it will use the \"latest\" technology to ensure that the work doesn't affect residential buildings. Says Tyagi, \"We will treat the track system and make it elastic, so that minimum load is felt on the corridor. Houses will not be affected.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13263119", "title": "Freida Pinto to walk for Anurag?", "text": "Freida Pinto has walked the Cannes red carpet many times for her films and the cosmetic brand she endorses.This time she has been invited by Anurag Kashyap to attend the premiere of his film Peddlers and walk the red carpet for the event. Says a source close to the actress, \"Freida is trying her to extend her stay at Cannes and support the film as she shares a warm relation with the team. She met Anurag and Guneet Monga who are co-producing her film Trishna , during the shooting.Though her dates post Cannes are booked for her next film and photo shoots for her brands, Freida is keen to stay back for Peddlers which will be showcased at the International Critics Week at Cannes on May 21.What's next for Freida? A role in Kashyap's next and her first Hindi film?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13294046", "title": "Kolkata-wood in B-Town?", "text": "It looks like a complete Kolkata sweep in Mumbai films, TV ads and music. The year 2012 has to be the finest for Bengali actors and filmmakers in Mumbai tinseltown, commercials and even at the National Awards. Suddenly everything related to the once cultural capital of India is hot and happening.It probably started off with 'Bidya Bagchi' and Bob Biswas 's bone-chilling turn in the first sleeper hit of the year, Kahaani directed by Sujoy Ghosh and shot in the city of joy. For the first time in years, a non-Kolkata filmmaker chose not to make a caricature of the city and its residents and deftly captured the magic moods of the vibrant megapolis during Durga Puja.It marked the national recognition of two of Bengal's shining character actors, Parambrata Chatterjee (grandson of the legendary filmmaker Ritwik Ghatak) as the supportive cop, Rana and Sashwata Chatterjee , whose 15-minute screen presence gave Bollywood films a brand new villain who had web pages devoted to him and a huge virtual following. Parambrata who also did a Domino's pizza TV commercial reportedly has hired a talent management company for himself and says he's \"open\" to good film offers in Bollywood.Dusky beauty Paoli Dam created ripples with a bare-back shot in Vivek Agnihotri's Hate Story and to her credit, the film emerged as a BO winner. Prosenjit Chatterjee , Kolkata's reigning superstar for two decades, makes a comeback to B-Town in Dibakar Banerjee's thriller, Shanghai . Prosenjit , son of former 60s star Biswajeet had a shaky first innings in Hindi films in the late 80s. The talented actor who arrogantly rejected Saajan and Maine Pyaar Kiya (films which might have changed his fortune in Mumbai) had to be cajoled by Dibakar (for three months) to do this stellar appearance in what's being touted as the film of the season.Now, 49 year old Prosenjit is hoping that Shanghai will \"pull him out of the regional cinema mould\" and give him a bigger platform. Another Bengali filmmaker from Delhi, Shoojit Sarkar's Vicky Donor is already a major commercial success. The interesting part? The female protagonist (played by Yami Gautam ) is a Bengali girl who's independent, smart and liberated, like any other urban working woman is expected to be. The Bengali family in VD is not a typical stereotype that's been used in Bollywood films for decades now, but real people who are not cartoonish rip-offs. Shoojit's next flick, Jaffna , which revolves round the LTTE, stars John Abraham and a \"leading Bengali superstar\". Anjan Dutta's Binoy Badal Dennis, starring Kay Kay Menon, Jimmy Shergill and Rituparna Sengupta in lead roles, set in Kolkata, has suddenly seen a renewed interest from exhibitors and is now tentatively expected to hit the screens in August.There are others from Kolkata who're making a mark too, Koel Mallick , Kolkata film industry's current reign woman has shot for a Vaseline TVC airing nationally; Prosenjit's wife Arpita Pal has shot the Lacto Calamine TVC. Rupa Ganguly won the National Award as the best singer (female), while the powerhouse of talent, Soumitra Chatterjee bagged the much coveted Dadasaheb Phalke Award this year. Kolkata's busiest music composer Jeet Gangul y made his Bolly debut in Blood Money and is also doing music for Aashiqui 2 .Bollyland's most wanted playback singer Ash King who made a chartburning debut in last years' Te Amo (from Dum Maaro Dum ), followed by the chartbusting I Love You (Body Guard) was born Ashutosh Ganguly . Ash or Ashutosh has been now handpicked as the chosen voice for Aamir Khan in Dhoom 3 .Of course there have been heavyweight presence from Kolkata in Indian cinema before, Satyajit Ra y was the first Indian filmmaker to have brought global honour in India, and filmmakers like Mrinal Sen, Gautam Ghosh and Buddhadev Dasgupta who have made award winning meaningful films that have redefined cinema; or even Hrishikesh Mukherjee and Basu Chatterjee who made lighthearted, feel good Hindi rom-coms, or Basu Bhattacharya who made intense love sagas, but that's another story.Kolkata is no longer just a city, it is a character in films and the stars/composers are now receiving national acclaim. Does it make a difference to these stars/composers? May be not, since most of them revel in their glory in their hometown, but the heartening fact is that at least one segment of regional cinema is getting some recognition finally. For now, take a bow, Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282340", "title": "Two-day job fair begins today", "text": "COIMBATORE: A two-day job fair will be inaugurated in the city today under the joint aegis of Times of India Ascent and event management firm Bulls Eye. Over 75 companies from various industrial segments will participate in the fair which would be held at Suguna Auditorium on Avinashi Road from 9am to 6pm on both days.Bhuvani Gopalakrishnan, director of Bulls Eye Marketing, said that students from the arts and management streams as well as professionals with experience can participate in the fest. There will also be assistance in preparing resumes and in approaching the interviewers. There will be an auditor who will advise students on educational and other loans for higher studies.\"Candidates' resumes would be sent to recruiters across the country and the world,\" she said. The inauguration will be attended by the Coimbatore Corporation Mayor, SM Velusamy and TK Ponnusamy, the Corporation Commissioner. Those who are interested to participate in the fest can contact at 9843086339.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chitradurga", "code": "13283267", "title": "Bride has change of heart on D-Day", "text": "CHITRADURGA: Just seconds before tying the mangalasutra, a bride realized that she was not in love with the groom and decided to call of the wedding here on Thursday.The wedding of Pavitra and Mohan from Tarikere and Malappanahatty respectively, was slated for Friday at the community hall in Chitradurga. All the pre-nuptial rituals went off smoothly on Thursday night.But on her D-Day, the bride had a change of heart . Much to the embarrassment of her family and friends gathered for the wedding, she refused to tie the mangalsutra announcing that she was in love with another man. She stood firm and refused to succumb to pressure.The groom who realized that there was no future in this alliance walked out in a huff.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bicholim", "code": "13282163", "title": "Four trucks impounded in Bicholim", "text": "BICHOLIM: The mines and geology department on Friday impounded four trucks which were involved in illegal transportation of laterite stones and crusher stones at Khairi-Maulinguem in Bicholim.Sources said a patrolling team intercepted a truck carrying laterite stones at Khari. After the owner of the land complained to the team, officials asked the truck driver to produce documents, but the latter could not as a result of which his truck was impounded. The officials also impounded three more trucks. They raided four machineries used for removing laterite and crusher stones.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281188", "title": "CBI piles up proof; produces call details of ex-minister, contractor", "text": "LUCKNOW: A day before Mayawati addresses the media on Saturday noon at a five-star hotel in Delhi, the CBI stepped on the gas, calling former health minister Anant Misra in for questioning for the fourth time, giving rise to speculations that he may be arrested soon.He was grilled in connection with the murder of CMO, Family Welfare, Dr Vinod Kumar Arya. Most of the questioning was based on his alleged links with an eastern UP contractor, who is believed to have connived with Dr A K Shukla, another former CMO in this case. Misra's questioning began in the evening and continued till late in the night. The former minister was subsequently allowed to go.The CBI had asked the former minister to appear before the investigators on Friday morning. Once Misra reached the CBI camp office, he was asked to report back in the evening and directed not toleave Lucknow without informing the agency.During questioning, the former minister was made to confront Dr A K Shukla, former CMO of Lucknow who is already in CBI remand till Saturday. Misra initially denied having any knowledge about the eastern UP contractor till he was made to confront Dr Shukla. The CBI also produced call details of the contractor, which reportedly confirmed that the former minister was in touch with him. Dr Shukla, who too had initially denied knowing the contractor, had to eat his words when it was established that he was in touch with him, particularly before and after murder of Dr Arya", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280256", "title": "CBI arrests its ex-officer on graft charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: The CBI on Friday arrested one of its former superintendents of police for allegedly helping to dilute charges against a coal merchant in return for bribe. It had earlier in the day registered a case against J P Verma and carried out searches at his residence and office, besides other places including the offices of Ramesh Gandhi, who is named as an accused in at least five cases.The CBI claimed to have recovered Rs 50 lakh from Verma's office in Lajpat Nagar and also alleged that the former officer had received a bribe of Rs 2 lakh from Gandhi through a lawyer of Jharkhand. For the CBI, it has been a long legal battle with Gandhi as the agency had secured an order last November against Calcutta High Court's decision of quashing an FIR against Gandhi, who is also a part-time television producer.The CBI proved before the apex court that Gandhi had allegedly suppressed facts and misled the HC to quash the FIR. The first case was registered on March 22, 1994, on the directions of the Central Vigilance Commission, alleging that Gandhi had conspired with senior officials of Bharat Coking Coal Limited to cause a loss of Rs 1.07 crore to the coal company.The agency alleged that between February 1989 and December 1993, BCCL officials fraudulently included certain items in the contract for transportation of coal, to benefit Sainik Goods Careers Pvt Ltd (SGCPL), a company hired by Gandhi.The second case was filed against Gandhi in 1995 for breaking into the office of the assistant director (investigation) of income tax in Dhanbad on the night of March 7, 1993 and burning the seized documents and files relating to the group of companies owned by him.The third case alleged that certain officials of BCCL had added items which were not included in the original tender for transporting coal to Gandhi's company thereby causing a loss of Rs 1.32 crore to the exchequer. The CBI filed a charge sheet against Gandhi, Rajesh Gandhi, CTCC and then BCCL chairman and managing director B K Prasad in the case in January.The fourth case, registered in 1996, alleged that between 1992 and 1994, senior branch manager of Vijaya Bank in Dhanbad Ratnakar Hegde had issued money in excess of the financial limits and allowed payment of Rs 20,16,086.72 by discounting a bill of CTCC to favor Gandhi. The charge sheet in this case was filed on December 31, 1999 in the court of the special judge at Dhanbad.The fifth case registered by the CBI alleged that Gandhi and four Prasar Bharati officials allegedly entered into a conspiracy to fraudulently award marketing and commercial rights to his Kolkata-based production firm for the Sunday Bengali feature film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277395", "title": "Jamiat for removal of minority clause", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Jamiat Ulama-e-Hind will back removal of the minority-specific clause from the communal violence bill at its \"general session\" at Delhi's Ramlila ground on Saturday in a bid to enhance the proposed law's acceptability.After internal deliberations, the Jamiat has concluded that insistence that only minority communities be seen as victims of communal violence could mean that the law will be indefinitely delayed given the opposition of BJP and likely legal challenges.While the Jamiat's rethink is a shift, the bill will still face opposition with regard to its provisions on offences that are seen to be too broad and open to manipulation and arbitrary application.The Jamiat will also take up \"illegal detention of Muslim youth, problems faced by Kashmiris and international Islamic issues like Palestine\".Veering around to the view that a law stipulating penalties for perpetrators of communal violence would be better than not having one at all, the Jamiat plans to endorse a bill that does not discriminate against victims on the basis of community.\"I think the bill is needed and we accept that victims of communal violence can be from any section. After all, it is innocents who fall victim to communal violence,\" Jamiat leader Maulana Masood Madani said.The change of heart has come after several experts pointed out that the bill will simply not pass muster with the courts if challenged on constitutional grounds. There have been misgivings in the government as well over a bill that excludes the majority community as likely target of communal violence.Proponents of the bill have argued that the minority-specific nature of the proposed law is similar to legislation framed to protect Scheduled Castes from caste-based discrimination, insults and violence. Backed by the Sonia Gandhi-led National Advisory Council, the bill's supporters saw the 2002 Gujarat riots as the rationale for the law.On the other hand, BJP threatened an agitation against an \"anti-majority\" legislation and also criticized the bill for its sweeping description of what could constitute an offence. This could range from a verbal spat to an individual disagreement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "dharwad", "code": "13283023", "title": "5,776 students to appear for CET in Dharwad district", "text": "DHARWAD: The district administration and the Pre-University Board have made elaborate arrangements for the fair and smooth conduct of two-day the Common Entrance Test (CET) from May 21 (Monday) in Dharwad district.Deputy director of PU education Ravindra Ritti stated that this year as many as 5,776 students will appear for CET in the district. The exams will be held on May 21 and 22 in eleven centres in twin cities. Special arrangements have been made to ensure transparency and prevent malpractice in respective centres.The students would be writing Biology paper on May 21 from 10:30 am to 11:50 am and Mathematics paper from 2:30 pm to 3:50 pm. Accordingly, the students would be writing physics on May 22 from 10:30 am to 11:50 am, and chemistry from 2:30 pm to 3:50 pm.For the first time Deputy Commissioner Darpan Jain has initiated steps to appoint the invigilators from non-Science stream.Thereby, 374 faculties from Arts and Commerce have been appointed.Deputy commissioner will remain as the Chief Superintendent for the CET, while each centres will have a joint chief superintendent, a custodian and invigilators.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282712", "title": "Employee insurance scheme not successful: Labour minister", "text": "GUWAHATI: At a one-day seminar on Employees' State Insurance Scheme (ESIC), state minister for labour and employment, Prithivi Majhi said the scheme has not very successful in the state as not many people are aware of it. The seminar was held in collaboration with Indian Chamber of Commerce (ICC) on Friday.Addressing the meeting, the minister said, \"We need to create more awareness among people about the scheme as every employee in both the organized and unorganized sector is entitled to benefit from the scheme, which includes full medical care for the workers and their dependants.\"He added that the insured persons are also entitled to a variety of cash benefits at times of illness and for permanent or temporary disability, resulting in loss of earning capacity. The scheme also provides benefits to insured women and to the families of those employees who die in an industrial accident, he informed.However, the scheme is still not available in places like Arunachal Pradesh , Nagaland and Meghalaya and the scheme also doesn't cover the workers of various tea gardens of the state, Majhi said. \"The tea gardens do not have proper health care facilities and the workers are not aware of health insurance schemes. We would be happy to bring the tea garden workers under this scheme,\" he said.A special hospital was also supposed to be constructed for employees under ESIC, but the government has been unable to provide any land till now. \"We require around 10 bighas of land for the hospital and we have not been able to get it yet, but we are trying to get the land and as soon as we do so, the work will start,\" Majhi added.Ganesh Kalita, commissioner of labour, who was also present in the meeting, said, \"A vast segment of workers are working in the unorganized sector on contractual basis; health care facility and schemes should also be made available to them.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284768", "title": "Dhaka keen to revive trade ties with state", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Bangladesh high commissioner to India Tariq A Karim stressed the importance of reviving lost connections between Odisha and Bangladesh here.Speaking at an event organized by the Utkal Chambers of Commerce and Industry (UCCI), Karim went back to history while advocating for a stronger regional tie-up. \"We must not forget that Odisha, Bihar and Bengal were united before partition. Politics may break or make relations, but commerce always unites,\" he said. Reviving lost links can accelerate the economic growth of the two neighbours, he said.Karim said focus on an integrated regional economic growth instead of a country-based approach will help India achieve its ambition to overcome China in terms of GDP growth. Karim said the Bangladeshi Government was keen to open several disconnected channels between the north-eastern states and Bangladesh.Karim, who led a Bangladeshi delegation to the state, invited the Uto visit Bangladesh and explore trade possibilities. Karim also met chief minister Naveen Patnaik and discussed possibilities of trades between Odisha and Bangladesh.Karim on Friday visited the ancestral home of Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose in Cuttack and paid homage to the great leader. \"It is my privilege to have come here,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new janta nagar", "code": "13284330", "title": "Eminem-inspired Rapper Manny hit by Youtube frenzy", "text": "NEW JANTA NAGAR: Manjot Singh Bawa, an 18-year-old from New Janta Nagar, is now known as Rapper Manny among his friends and among the small fan base he has gathered through his rap videos on the video-sharing website Youtube. Manjot has contributed three of his raps in two Punjabi music albums- 'Hummer' and 'Rise of Jatt' - so far, apart from the other raps, which have been gathering a lot of attention on the video sharing website.Manjot says it were the tracks of renowned rapper and actor Eminem that evoked his interest in this hip-hop art of singing in 2009. ''He would always be my favourite rap artist,'' says Manjot.It was on November 15, 2009 that Manjot uploaded his first rap titled 'Desi Gangster' and the song has received 71,000 hits till date. The next song he posted was 'Yaad' on November 5, 2011 and it has received 52,000 hits so far. Manjot says he has composed and sung 10 raps so far and almost all of these are on Youtube now. Four of his raps will also feature in a Punjabi music album. ''This album would be released in July this year and i am expecting a boost to my career from this,'' says Manjot.The young rapper doesn't neglect his academic life as he believes his studies will help him write better lyrics. ''Better education would ensure a lot of depth in my thoughts, and as I write all my songs my self, my education would reflect in my work,'' adds Manjot.Manjot, however, already enjoys a following among his friends, who consider him a budding hip-hop star. ''We aren't his only fans as lakhs of people have already viewed his raps on internet. We are sure he will carve a place for himself in the music industry,'' said Manjot's friend Harkamal Singh, 22, a Model Town Extension resident.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280610", "title": "Farmers robbed at gunpoint", "text": "AHMEDABAD: A group of farmers returning after selling cumin at Unjha was robbed at gunpoint by a gang near Mandal on Thursday evening. Police investigators have started a search for the accused.Police said, Ganesh Thakor, 35, a resident of Gopalgarh in Surendrangar district, was travelling in an Eicher mini truck with two others including driver Jagdish Patel at 6.45 pm on Thursday from Mandal. Thakor, a farmer, had sold off his farm produce at Unjha market and had got Rs 4.93 lakh.\"They had to stop as a white Chevrolet Tavera blocked their way. When they got out of the truck, six men emerged from the SUV and one brandished a country-made gun while others were armed with lathis. The men assaulted the farmers and robbed off Rs 4.93 lakh from Thakor and another Rs 38,000 from Jagdish. They then fled from the spot by pathways avoiding the road,\" said a Mandal police official.Investigators said they have got the description of the robbers as men of around 30 to 35 years of age with a strong build. \"We have started going through our records to know whether it was the work of a known gang active in the area,\" they added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13301598", "title": "Luke Pomersbach: Allegations against me sickening, I am relieved to get bail", "text": "NEW DELHI: Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach, who has been accused of molesting an American woman and assaulting her fiance, on Saturday said that he was \"very relieved\" to have been granted bail and has full faith in the judicial system in India.The 27-year-old cricketer, who plays for Royal Challengers Bangalore in the IPL, was arrested on Friday on a complaint by the woman who claimed he had invited himself for drinks in her room in a five-star hotel on Thursday night and misbehaved with her.A Delhi court granted him bail and asked him to deposit two surety bonds of Rs 30,000 each. He was also asked to surrender his passport.\"Obviously, I am very relieved after what happened in the court today. I am happy with the support I have got from my family and girl friend back home and the RCB. I am looking forward to get to the bottom of the investigation,\" Pomersbach told reporters outside the court here.The Australian cricketer, who has a history of brawls and brush with police in his country, said he was disappointed with the allegations levelled against him.\"I am disappointed with the way the allegations were made on me. It's sickening. I have faith in the justice system (in India), looking forward to get to the bottom of it. I am happy that I have been granted bail,\" he said.Asked how the investigations would proceed in the coming days, he said,\"I have no idea what is going to happen in the next few days.\"A case was registered against Pomersbach under various sections of IPC including 354 (outraging modesty of woman), 323 (hurt), 454 (house trespass) and 511 (Punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with imprisonment for life or other imprisonment).The woman claimed that when she left the men, her fiance and a common friend from Mumbai, alone and went to her bedroom for catching some sleep, Luke followed her and misbehaved with her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282757", "title": "Privthi Raj Nagar Scheme: Jaipur Development Authority to rehabilitate affected house owners", "text": "JAIPUR: The owners, whose houses will be affected in the allotment of the Privthi Raj Nagar (PRN) scheme, can heave a sigh of relief as the state government is planning to rehabilitate them under the same scheme.According to the officials, as per the recent draft prepared, nearly 1,650 houses and 700 shops will be affected if allotment is made in the PRN scheme. \"For developing roads and providing other amenities to the allotees, several houses will be affected. We are planning to allot houses to those affected under the same scheme,\" a Jaipur Development Authority (JDA) official said.According to officials, 80% houses have been constructed in the 11,600 bigha scheme as per the last survey. The remaining area is not sufficient to develop facilities such as parks, community centres and hospitals. For that, the Authority needs to raze down some existing houses and rehabilitate the affected.The remaining land is not sufficient to develop facilities such as parks, communality centres and hospitals among others and this is the major reasonIn a colony, 30% land is required to develop roads, drainage etc. In the current situation, the land is not even sufficient for construction of road and thinking of parks or a community centre is difficult and this is the reason some house are been included in the draft affecting the planning .\" said a official .In the Master Plan 2011, the scheme was marked as a special zone and the JDA had drafted a plan to regurarize the scheme. In the first draft, around 8,000 constructed houses and shops were expected to get affected if the scheme is regularized, according to an official", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13297303", "title": "Prabhas\u2019 \u2018Varadhi\u2019 Shooting at RFC", "text": "Young rebel star Prabhas is currently busy shooting for \"Varadhi\" at Ramoji Film City. \"Vaaradhi\", a love story, has Prabhas playing a \"Varadhi\" of hearts, a sensitive role where he bridges between Anushka Shetty and Richa Gangopadhyaya, the female leads of the film.Directed by debutant Koratala Shiva, Varadhi hinges on the interplay of emotions and action - a genre Prabhas has been banking on in the recent past. What's the nexus between Prabhas and the two hearts that he's trying to bond forms the crux of the story. V. Vamsi Krishna Reddy and Pramod Uppalapati are producing this film under UV creations banner. Devi Sri Prasad is composing the music for the film.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13305922", "title": "HC pulls up judge for rejecting bail plea in bailable offence", "text": "KANPUR: The Allahabad high court recently granted bail to an accused and asked an additional district and sessions judge of Kanpur to seek counselling from the district judge.In a criminal miscellaneous bail application moved by Arun kumar Tiwari alias Dabbu, Justice SC Agarwal observed that rejecting the bail in a bailable offence was illegal and amounts to illegal detention of the accused.Discussing the matter, Justice Agarwal observed that first bail application of the accused was rejected by the court on July 28, 2010. But the second bail application was allowed by the high court in 2011 in respect of the offences under Section 328 /3709 IPC.Subsequently, the prosecution submitted a chargesheet under Section 201 IPC also and the additional district and sessions judge rejected the bail on the basis of false and fictitious ground.Justice Agarwal observed that offence under Section 201 of IPC was bailable. Since in all other offences under Section 328 and 379 IPC, the court had already granted bail, then the sessions judge had no other option to grant bail to the accused. But the sessions judge rejected the bail on the ground that first bail of the applicant was rejected by the high court in respect of offences under Section 328/379/and 201 IPC.The judge said that that statement was clearly misrepresentation of facts on the part of the trial court. Bail of the applicant was never rejected in respect of offence under Section 201. The first bail application was rejected for the offences under Section 328/379 IPC but high court allowed the second bail application subsequently. Since the offence under Section 201 was bailable, the court should have granted bail but it rejected.Justice Agarwal ordered to release the accused on furnishing a personal bond and two sureties of like amount to the satisfaction of the court. A copy of the order was sent to the district judge to look into the matter and give appropriate advise to the additional district and sessions judge.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13283989", "title": "US targets 2 Taliban, Haqqani leaders", "text": "WASHINGTON: The US has slapped sanctions on two Afghan men linked with the Taliban and the Haqqani network based along the Afghanistan-Pakistan border, barring American citizens from any dealings with them.Bakht Gul, a Haqqani Network communications official , has been designated for acting for or on behalf of Badruddin Haqqani. Abdul Baqi Bari, a Taliban financier, is being designated for providing financial support for or financial services to, the Taliban , Adam Szubin, director of treasury department's office of foreign assets control said on Thursday.\"By designating these individuals today, treasury is taking another step to ensure all those who perpetuate ongoing violence and terrorist activities in Afghanistan and Pakistan will continue to be marginalized and cut off from the international financial system, and they will find it increasingly difficult to carry out their objectives,\" Szubin said.As a result of this action, all property in the US or in the possession or control of US persons in which Bakht Gul or Abdul Baqi Bari has an interest is blocked, and US persons are prohibited from engaging in transactions with them. The treasury said Bakht Gul has been a key Haqqani Network communications official since at least 2009. Gul works directly for senior Haqqani Network leader Badruddin Haqqani and has served as a gatekeeper for Badruddin.Months after the Pakistani army declared that the Taliban had been flushed out of Bajaur, the outfit's militants have resurfaced in the insurgency-hit tribal region and resumed broadcasts on their illegal FM radio channel warning the women against casting votes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13281507", "title": "Chief secretary to head panel to look into Bihar Industries Association plea", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday ordered constitution of a high-level committee headed by the chief secretary to study the issues raised by Bihar Industries Association (BIA) in a memorandum seeking measures to accelerate industrial development of the state.The seven-member delegation, led by BIA president K P S Keshri, submitted the memorandum to the CM on Friday evening. Perusing the memorandum, the CM directed constitution of the committee, stating that the panel will hold meetings between May 25 and 30 to look into the BIA demands. On July 30, he would review the committee report, according to a BIA release.The committee would comprise, beside the chief secretary, the development commissioner, principal secretaries of the departments of finance, energy and industries, commercial-taxes commissioner and chairman, Bihar State Electricity Board (BSEB).The BIA, in the memorandum, urged the CM to expedite the matter of establishing a dedicated dry port in Bihar, for which the state government had earlier sent a proposal to the Centre. It added the dedicated dry port should be connected with expressway cutting across important cities of the state. The dry port and a container depot should have custom clearance facilities. It also demanded provision of private industrial areas, air cargo facility for fast movement of perishable fruits and vegetables and signing an MoU for Bihar' share of gas from Haldia-Jagdishpur gas pipeline.BIA also sought shifting of Patna airport to some other place and to link the new airport with expressway to Patna. It also sought dredging of Ganga river for navigation and freight traffic. It sought improvement in power situation for the industry and creation of Special Purpose Vehicle (SPV) for acquiring coal blocks by making a bid for the tender issued by the Union government for 16 coal blocks reserved for the companies floated by the state governments.The BIA reiterated its demand for purchase preference to the local industries in government purchases, creation of a corpus fund for reviving sick industries and equity fund for new industries. It also demanded a strategy for urbanization along with industrialization, development of tourism and opening super speciality hospitals.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "calangute", "code": "13281791", "title": "Policemen nab 17 gamblers", "text": "CALANGUTE: Calangute police on Friday arrested 17 persons for gambling and seized Rs 94,330 and 16 mobile phones from them. Calangute PI Nolasco Raposo said the police received information that a group of people were engaged in gambling on the first floor of Celban Apartments, Naikawaddo, Calangute.Following receipt of the information, they conducted a raid at the place at 3.30pm and caught 17 persons red-handed while they were playing a card game known as 'andar bahar', which is used for gambling. All the 17 have been taken into custody. The seized mobile phones are worth Rs 64,000. A case has been registered under the Goa Daman and Diu Public Gambling Act. PSI Laxi Amonkar is investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "rohtak", "code": "13277235", "title": "Rohtak shelter: Test indicates sexual abuse", "text": "ROHTAK: Medical examination of an inmate of Rohtak shelter home, raided by National Commission for Protection of Child Rights (NCPCR) last week, indicated she could have been sexually abused.The 21-year-old girl has bite marks and nail scratches on her back. The medical board of Rohtak's premier hospital PGIMS confirmed the 21-year-old girl could have been a victim of sexual abuse. The report was forwarded to the police for action, said Dr Ashok Chauhan, medical superintendent of the hospital.Police spokesperson Ved Singh confirmed receipt of the medical report of an inmate, but refused to divulge the details. He said police probe has not yet confirmed rape.During the raid, inmates of the home, run by NGO Bharat Vikas Sangh, complained they were tortured, sexually abused, paraded naked and forced to work at farms and construction sites.Jaswanti, owner of the home was charged with torture, exploitation and sexual abuse of inmates after the raid. The district police decided on medical examination of five girl inmates at the Rohtak hospital.Medical superintendent of the hospital, Dr Ashok Chauhan, though said one girl was sent to them for examination.On Friday, Jaswanti and her driver Satish were remanded in police custody till May 24. The other accused, including Jaswanti's daughter Simmi, brother Jaswant, son-in-law Jai Bhagwan, cousin Sheela and home counselor Meena, to 14-day judicial custody.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13294472", "title": "Coke Studio@ MTV starts in July", "text": "With over 40 Million viewers on MTV, 7 lakh fans on Facebook, 2 Million views on youtube , 13,000 CD's and 15 live shows in its opening season, Coke Studio@MTV continues the journey to explore India's rich music landscape.s In this 2nd season, the focus will be to showcase diversity and innovation through 8 unique Episodes, 12 breakthrough producers and over 200 incredible musicians. Staying true to the core idea of a Fusion Music Project, the property will see independent, classical, folk and popular artists combine their creative energies in a rare live performance. Every composition has been created exclusively for this project by some of the most experimental producers India like Amit Trivedi, Nitin Sawhney , Karsh Kale, Clinton Cerejo, Shantanu Moitra, Ehsaan &amp; Loy and Hitesh Sonik.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13283357", "title": "Reforming police force top government agenda", "text": "GUWAHATI: On the first anniversary of the third term of the Congress government on Friday, chief minister Tarun Gogoi put reforming the state police force from a militancy-fighting one to civil police on the top of his agenda for the coming years.Other focus areas for the future would be employment generation through skill development, making the government more responsive and sensitive, reduction of scope of corruption and changing the mindset of the people inclined towards the bandh culture.\"We do have deficiencies, which I am eager to remove and I would be looking for constructive suggestions and criticism,\" Gogoi said.He said Assam Police, who have been fighting militancy for over three decades, need a change in their outlook. \"I want to reform the police force from being a militancy-fighting force to a civil one. The police have been dealing with militancy for long. It's time the force returned to its fundamental job of civil policing,\" Gogoi said.He said that though there have not been any major terror strikes in the past year, the incidence of kidnappings, extortion and murders have dangerously increased. \"For long we have been putting thrust on anti-militancy exercises only, which we need to change to arrest these crimes. Moreover, it turns out most of the criminals now are former militants,\" he added.For Gogoi, his single biggest challenge in the coming years is combating the devastating erosion by rivers of the state and trying to reclaim the lost land. \"This is the first time that a government has thought of reclaiming land and if we successfully reclaim land that has been wiped out by erosion, we will be doing a pioneering work,\" he said.The chief minister has led the party to victories in three consecutive elections and he boasts of administering the state with the country's youngest cabinet, in terms of average age of ministers. On completion of 11 years in power, Gogoi acknowledged the work done by all his young ministers.\"Their work has been of A grade and this time I want them to perform at A plus grade. It is because of all their good performances over these years that we have been able to gain trust of the people. The whole credit goes to my ministers,\" Gogoi said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277377", "title": "Shah Rukh Khan banned from Wankhede for 5 yrs, final call with BCCI", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) on Friday banned Shah Rukh Khan from entering Wankhede Stadium for five years. But a question mark hangs over the \"punishment\". The Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI) insisted it would take the final call; the MCA resolution was only a recommendation, it said.The SRK camp reacted with disdain to the MCA resolution, with close aides saying the IPL Team Kolkata co-owner hardly watched matches at Wankhede anyway. Khan was not available for comment.The MCA decision came after an emergency meeting at its stadium office. The BCCI office is in the same building, but not a single BCCI official was present, indicating the MCA and its parent body might be pulling in two directions on the issue. The strongest BCCI reaction came from its vice-president, Rajeev Shukla, who is also the IPL governing council chairman.\"The MCA is within its rights to recommend a ban. However, the matter will come to the BCCI and we will take a final call on this,\" Shukla told TOI. Shukla added all decisions would have to \"pass through the parent body\".MCA vice-president Ratnakar Shetty, also the BCCI's chief administrative officer, agreed that the BCCI had the final word. \"State bodies can only recommend but a final decision has to be taken by the BCCI,\" Shetty said. BCCI president N Srinivasan had received a complaint from the MCA and the board would put in place some measures to avoid repeats of such incidents, Shetty said, calling the move \"unprecedented\".IPL chief executive officer Sundar Raman, who was a witness to the fracas that took place on Wednesday night at Wankhede, will present his version to BCCI. \"He is the best person to tell us what happened because he was a witness. He will report to the BCCI after which we will take a call,\" a senior board official said. Raman has not spoken on the issue since Wednesday night.The MCA alleged Khan abused and misbehaved with its officials and security personnel on Wednesday and said he did not show any regret. Khan, defending his action, had alleged that children, including his own, were \"manhandled\" by the MCA security staff.MCA president Vilasrao Deshmukh said on Friday that the managing committee unanimously \"condemned the behaviour of Shah Rukh Khan, who without any provocation hurled abuses at MCA officials and manhandled the security guard in the presence of BCCI-IPL officials\". He added, \"He (SRK) has no regrets for his action and behaviour. He, in fact, has justified his action. The committee is forced to ban Shah Rukh Khan from entering Wankhede Stadium for five years.\"MCA officials said the managing committee had recommended a lifetime ban but Deshmukh brought it down to five years, which he thought was good enough to send a strong message that \"such nonsense\" would not be tolerated.The former Maharashtra CM explained the decision was taken to protect the MCA's dignity. \"The BCCI is our parent body and we've informed it about what happened. We have no control over its decision but we are also an independent body and the Wankhede is our property.\"Deshmukh ruled out the possibility of a rethink on the ban. \"If rules are violated, action will be taken. It does not depend who the individual is. It's a message to everyone, whosoever he or she may be, that stern action will be taken if there is misbehaviour.\"Deshmukh added no inquiry committee would be formed to look into the incident: more than 50% of the members of the MCA managing committee were witness to the incident. \"How can he go inside the ground without proper accreditation? Even I can't go inside the ground if not invited for the presentation ceremony,\" Deshmukh said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282323", "title": "1 killed as locals clash with police in Allahabad", "text": "ALLAHABAD: One person was killed and over two dozens, including 18 policemen, were injured here on Friday as police opened fire to disperse a mob, which went on a rampage to protest the incident of a constable shooting a local resident following an altercation over alleged extortion by men in uniform.Trouble began on Friday afternoon in Marydih locality at Bamrauli where locals alleged that a constable was moving around, extorting money from small-time shopkeepers and vendors. When one of the traders protested, he allegedly opened fire and a bullet hit the person's leg.The irate mob also torched three vehicles, including a fire brigade. Heavy brick-batting left superintendent of police (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav and ADM (City) Akhilesh Tiwari injured.Several vehicles of the police and administrative officials were also damaged in stone-pelting.Injured persons and policemen have been rushed to different hospitals where the condition of a police gunner was stated to be critical.Ironically, the violence broke out in Marydih and adjoining areas of the city when top police brass, including IG (Allahabad Zone), DIG (Allahabad Range) and SSP (Allahabad) had gone to the state capital to attend CM's law and order review meeting.SP (Crime) Arun Kumar Pandey told TOI that \"the trouble started when a team of policemen had gone to a village to check gambling. When police team tried to apprehend the persons involved in gambling, the gamblers and their supporters surrounded the police team and entered into a scuffle\".However, locals alleged that the police team had come for extortion and clashed with them after they objected to the cops assaulting and injuring Tufail alias Jhurri, a resident of Marydih. \"Tufail was injured when a police constable opened fire and the bullet hit his thigh.\"In the meantime, the police team apprised Dhoomanganj police and police control room about the injuries of Tufail and asked to send adequate police forces to disperse the agitating crowd. The police forces later admitted Tufail at the SRN Hospital for treatment.Before the police could pacify the agitators, a rumour that policemen intentionally carried out firing, added fuel to fire and thousands of locals came out on streets to take on the policemen. The irate mob later burnt the Begum Bazar police outpost and also set three vehicles.A police party led by SP (City) Shailesh Kumar Yadav rushed to the spot along with a fire tender, which too got destroyed in the arson, while Yadav suffered serious injuries during the clash, the SP (Crime) said.When police tried to control the crowd, it indulged in heavy brick-battling that left at least 18 policemen, including the SP (City) injured. Gunner of the SP (City) was also beaten by the irate mob.\"The enraged residents set fire to the outpost and when the policemen on duty there rushed outside and clashed with the mob, it set ablaze a number of two-wheelers parked nearby,\" the SP (Crime) said.He said that the locals were demanding that the constable involved in firing be handed over to them so that \"he could be taught a lesson\".As there was heavy brick-battling, police officials apparently could not muster the courage to stop the irate mob. When all efforts to contain the violence failed, the police had to open fire that reportedly resulted in the death of a youth aged about 25 years.SP (Crime) said: \"We are confirming the news of the death of the youth. The injured, including the policemen, have been admitted to different hospitals. A large police posse has been deployed in the area to defuse tension.\"Over 20 people, including 12 policemen, were seriously injured in the clash and they were rushed to a hospital in the city where one of the injured locals, identified as Mohd Faiz, succumbed to his injuries, he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13301616", "title": "Pollution warms atmosphere by teaming up with thunderclouds", "text": "WASHINGTON: A new computational study has concluded that pollution is warming the atmosphere through summer thunderstorm clouds.How much the warming effect of these clouds offsets the cooling that other clouds provide is not yet clear. To find out, researchers need to incorporate this new-found warming into global climate models.Pollution strengthens thunderstorm clouds, causing their anvil-shaped tops to spread out high in the atmosphere and capture heat -- especially at night, said lead author and climate researcher Jiwen Fan of the Department of Energy's Pacific Northwest National Laboratory.\"Global climate models don't see this effect because thunderstorm clouds simulated in those models do not include enough detail. The large amount of heat trapped by the pollution-enhanced clouds could potentially impact regional circulation and modify weather systems,\" said Fan.Clouds are one of the most poorly understood components of Earth's climate system. Called deep convective clouds, thunderstorm clouds reflect a lot of the sun's energy back into space, trap heat that rises from the surface, and return evaporated water back to the surface as rain, making them an important part of the climate cycle.To more realistically model clouds on a small scale, such as in this study, researchers use the physics of temperature, water, gases and aerosols -- tiny particles in the air such as pollution, salt or dust on which cloud droplets form.In large-scale models that look at regions or the entire globe, researchers substitute a stand-in called a parameterization to account for deep convective clouds. The size of the grid in global models can be a hundred times bigger than an actual thunderhead, making a substitute necessary.However, thunderheads are complicated, dynamic clouds. Coming up with an accurate parameterization is important but has been difficult due to their dynamic nature.Inside a thunderstorm cloud, warm air rises in updrafts, pushing tiny aerosols from pollution or other particles upwards. Higher up, water vapour cools and condenses onto the aerosols to form droplets, building the cloud. At the same time, cold air falls, creating a convective cycle. Generally, the top of the cloud spreads out like an anvil.Previous work showed that when it's not too windy, pollution leads to bigger clouds . This occurs because more pollution particles divide up the available water for droplets, leading to a higher number of smaller droplets that are too small to rain. Instead of raining, the small droplets ride the updrafts higher, where they freeze and absorb more water vapour. Collectively, these events lead to bigger, more vigorous convective clouds that live longer.Now, researchers from PNNL, Hebrew University in Jerusalem and the University of Maryland took to high-performance computing to study the invigoration effect on a regional scale.To find out which factors contribute the most to the invigoration, Fan and colleagues set up computer simulations for two different types of storm systems: warm summer thunderstorms in southeastern China and cool, windy frontal systems on the Great Plains of Oklahoma. The data used for the study was collected by different DOE Atmospheric Radiation Measurement facilities.The simulations had a resolution that was high enough to allow the team to see the clouds develop. The researchers then varied conditions such as wind speed and air pollution.Fan and colleagues found that for the warm summer thunderstorms, pollution led to stronger storms with larger anvils. Compared to the cloud anvils that developed in clean air, the larger anvils both warmed more -- by trapping more heat -- and cooled more -- by reflecting additional sunlight back to space. On average, however, the warming effect dominated.The springtime frontal clouds did not have a similarly significant warming effect. Also, increasing the wind speed in the summer clouds dampened the invigoration by aerosols and led to less warming.This is the first time researchers showed that pollution increased warming by enlarging thunderstorm clouds. The warming was surprisingly strong at the top of the atmosphere during the day when the storms occurred. The pollution-enhanced anvils also trapped more heat at night, leading to warmer nights.\"Those numbers for the warming are very big,\" said Fan, \"but they are calculated only for the exact day when the thunderstorms occur. Over a longer time-scale such as a month or a season, the average amount of warming would be less because those clouds would not appear everyday.\"Next, the researchers will look into these effects on longer time scales. They will also try to incorporate the invigoration effect in global climate models.The study was recently published in Geophysical Research Letters.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283238", "title": "Idle underground lots criminal wastage: HC", "text": "CHANDIGARH: \"Non-utilization of underground parking space in Sector 17 amounts to criminal wastage of valuable space and public money,\" observed Punjab and Haryana high court on Friday while hearing a petition about making Sector 17 no-vehicle zone.When the matter came up for hearing on Friday before a division bench comprising Justice Surya Kant and Justice Ajay Tewari, the issue of non-utilization of underground lots in Sector 17 was brought up by amicus curie Reeta Kohli. Hearing this, Justice Ajay Tewari observed that non-utilization of such valuable space in an area like Sector 17 amounts to criminal wastage of space and state exchequer. He also went to the extent of observing that those responsible for this should be identified and brought to the book.Thereafter bench directed the commissioner municipal corporation, director transport and chief architect UT to consider the suggestions given by Reeta Kohli and submit a plan by June 1 on the issue. Bench also asked the UT authorities to prepare the plan Sector 17, which at least can be helpful for the next 15-20 years.On Friday, amicus curiae submitted suggestions before the bench stating that Sector 17 has already three underground parking lots out of which two are two-storeyed. \"Due to lack of management on the part of Chandigarh administration, most of these are not being utilized,\" report added.She also suggested that proposed multi-storeyed parking areas as well as the existing underground parking area in Sector 17 should be developed as terrace garden and exhibition area. It was also suggested that parking space opposite Empire store up to M/s Sahib Singh should be developed as underground parking and beautified by developing terrace garden on its roof.Now, the case would come up for hearing on June 1.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad/new delhi", "code": "13280196", "title": "18 file nominations on opening day", "text": "HYDERABAD/NEW DELHI: The Election Commission (EC) has announced that only those with the electoral photo identity cards (EPIC), or the voter's ID card, can exercise their franchise in the June 12 byelections in the state, the notification for which was issued on Friday.Election commissioner Hari Shankar Brahma said that since a close contest was on cards, the EC has decided to prevent electoral fraud by making it mandatory for all voters to carry their EPIC cards, the lone document to be accepted as proof of identity.Eighteen candidates have filed their nominations on Friday, including the likes of Magunta Parvathamma in Ongole, Thota Thrimurthulu in Ramchandrapuram, E Rama Pulla Reddy in Allagadda, B Gurunatha Reddy in Anantapur urban and Bhumana Karunakar Reddy in Tirupati. Independent P Tulasidas filed his nomination for the Nellore Lok Sabha seat.\"In case voters misplace or lose their EPIC cards, the only alternative for them is to obtain a voter slip as it bears a photograph of the voter.\"We have successfully conducted elections in Pondicherry and Manipur allowing EPIC as the only proof of identity,\" he said.Earlier, a driver's license, pan card or a bank pass book, too, was accepted as proof of identity by polling officials. The EC reviewed the arrangements with election officials and held a video conference with all district collectors and superintendents of police. He directed officials to ensure that webcasting was enabled at all polling booths to weed out bogus voters and help officials in Delhi and Hyderabad to get first-hand feedback. The total electorate of 44,40,643 (21,92,109 male and 22,48,534 female) have been issued EPICs, according to officials.Referring to queries on paid news, EC said that it had information that 30% of every Rs 100 being spent by candidates was going to the press and other media.\"Our observors will monitor all kinds of news coming under the category of paid news. They will calculate the advertisement tariff of the various news channels or newspapers and accordingly add it to the account of the candidate,\" he said.According to the election notification, the byelections to the 18 Assembly constituencies and one Lok Sabha seat, would be held on June 12 with the counting of votes and declaration of results to be completed on June 15.Nominations would be accepted between 11am and 3pm onwards from May 18 till May 25, the last date for the filing of nominations.The nominations would be scrutinized on May 26 and the last date for withdrawal of nominations is May 28.Officials said that more than Rs 54 lakh in cash had been seized over the past 24 hours in these byelection-bound districts, taking the total monies seized since the model code of conduct came into existence on April 24 to Rs 15.44 crore.New Electronic Voting Machine prototype to be tested at Electronics Corporation of India LimitedHYDERABAD: A new prototype of the Electronic Voting Machine (EVM) which would supply a verifiable paper trail would be tested in the presence of election commissioner Hari Shankar Brahma at the Electronics Corporation of India Limited (ECIL) campus on Saturday. The election commissioner said that these next generation EVMs were undergoing testing in extreme conditions of -30 degree Celsius and 48 degree Celsius. \"Tomorrow, we will see a demonstration of the proposed verifiable paper trail voting machine, which will allow a voter to see his vote in a printed form for five seconds before it is deposited in an integral section of the machine. Although voters can view the symbol which they voted on, they can not access the printed paper. The new prototype will be ready for use by June 16 of this year,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284164", "title": "Varsity teachers call off strike", "text": "MUMBAI: Teachers will resume paper checking in all the ten universities across the state form Saturday after the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers' Organization (MFUCTO) withdrew its boycott on Friday.\"We have got a written assurance from the state government that our demands will be met with. We will also meet the vice chancellor on Saturday and request him to withdraw any action the university had planned to take against striking teachers,\" Shivajirao Patil, president of MFUCTO, said at a press conference in Mumbai on Friday.Hema More, president of Pune University Teachers' Association (Puta), confirmed that the boycott had been withdrawn and the teachers will begin paper correction on Saturday.University teachers went on a strike in April after repeated attempts to get recognition for non-NET/SLET teachers appointed between April1991 to January 2000. \"We were agitated because even after the University Grants Commission (UGC) assured us in writing that these teachers will get their due recognition, the state government refused to accept it. Thousands of non-NET/SLET teachers have not been promoted or received any benefits like other teachers,\" Patil said.Earlier in the day, the Bombay HC had asked striking teachers to \"look at the interests of the students also\". A division bench of justices A M Thipsay and Ramesh Dhanuka were hearing a petition filed by Akhil Bhartiya Vidyarthi Parishad seeking action against teachers and associations that gave the boycott call.ABVP's advocate Uday Warunjikar argued that University has come out with a circular allowing contractual teachers to check answer sheets. \"We do not know who will check the answer sheets. A history teacher will end up correcting mathematics paper,\" said Warunjikar, adding that some 30 lakh students will be affected. Observing that the \"issue raised before us is of importance\" the bench directed the state to clarify what steps were being taken for evaluation of answer books.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13281926", "title": "Mercedes Benz \u2018star showcase\u2019 opens", "text": "PATNA: The three-day 'star showcase' of Mercedes-Benz India luxury cars began at the Patna Golf Club ground here on Friday to address the fascination of Patna-based 'potential customers' for the Mercedes-Benz brand.Some of the most exciting range of Mercedes-Benz cars on display included the classy E coupe and the stylish and sporty cars, apart from other cars from the Mercedes-Benz portfolio, like the C-class, E-class and S-class sedans aimed at igniting the passion of visiting potential customers.Over and above these cars, the dynamic SUVs, like the GL-class, and ML-class, launched in Delhi at national level on May 15, were also on display, making the 'star showcase' a complete set.The luxury cars have been brought from Interkrafts Autocity, principal dealer of Mercedes-Benz India luxury cars at Kolkata, while the two models of SUVs have been transported directly from Pune-based Mercedes-Benz India factory that has an investment of Rs 650 crore since started in 1995.\"We are confident that the cars on display will excite customers of Patna and the 'star showcase' will give them a unique opportunity to experience various attributes of brand Mercedes-Benz,\" said Interkrafts Autocity managing director and CEO Hiteshwar Singh.Even as around 300 shortlisted potential customers were scheduled to visit the venue for the visual experience of the Mercedes-Benz cars and SUVs from Saturday, those already excited started reaching the venue from Friday itself.Two of them - Shashi Kumar, associated with Coal India Limited and a relative of a senior minister, and Shailendra Kumar Sinha, chairman and CEO of Game Changing Educators who uses Mercedes-Benz car model in the USA -- visited the venue to have a look at the displayed cars and SUVs on Friday itself.\"I can't yet say if I am a potential customer,\" said Kumar, adding, \"I just want to have a feel of the cars and to know about their specifications.\"A resident of Patna and also a fan of German engineering expertise in the auto sector, Sinha, however, appeared visibly elated that the luxury car which he had been using in the USA was on display in his hometown.He has already planned to start at Patna a high-end retail centre of multi-brand goods brought through import.\"Till now, India has been a hub of small and medium cars, but now the Indian market is ready for high-end luxury cars,\" Sinha said.As a matter of fact, Patna, along with a dozen of other tier-II and tier-III cities having \"a growing number of evolved customers\", is on the market map of Mercedes-Benz India.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278153", "title": "Three held for theft bid in Pawanpuri area", "text": "INDORE: Three persons were held while they were allegedly trying to commit theft in Pawanpuri area on the intervening night of Thursday and Friday. The cops attached with Sanyogitaganj police station were on patrol when they saw Monu, Jabbar and Kishore trying to cut the ropes attached with the truck.Suspecting foul play, when they reached the spot, Monu and Jabbar tried to escape, while Kishore tried to dominate the scene claiming himself to be hailing from the police department.The TI, Shailendra Srivastava, said that Kishore initially tried to dominate the scene, but when asked about his designation and other details, he started mumbling. All the three were booked under sections 420 and 419 of IPC and sent to jail.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277416", "title": "Stink in Rajya Sabha causes 30 minutes delay", "text": "NEW DELHI: Foul smell led to loss of half-an-hour in Rajya Sabha as members complained that they felt uncomfortable.It all started as Congress MP Alka Balram Kshatriya first raised the alarm around 3.45 pm when the House was having a heated discussion on the Telangana issue. \"There is some burning smell and I am not kidding,\" she said amid much amusement of the members, particularly of the opposition which was engaged in a verbal duel over Telangana with the treasury benches.P J Kurien, who was in the chair, took up the matter in all seriousness as some of Kshatriya's colleagues also echoed concern, and adjourned the House for 15 minutes. As soon as the House reassembled, Congress member Renuka Chowdhury stood up and said the smell was still there. The chair adjourned the House once again for 15 minutes saying the cause of the smell should be found out.This was the second time during the current session of Parliament when proceedings of the Upper House had to be adjourned for reasons other than usual disruptions.The previous incident occurred on May 11 when Congress member R C Khuntia complained of foul smell inside the House. The Rajya Sabha had witnessed two brief adjournments as a result of the incident that day.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278312", "title": "To check road rage, cops will book accused under stiff laws", "text": "NEW DELHI: Losing your temper on the road can now land you in serious trouble. Taking a serious view of the recent incidents of road rage, police are planning to crack down on violent motorists with stiffer laws.A day after three judges were attacked on the BRT corridor, Dharmendra Kumar, special commissioner of police, law and order said, \"In the light of such incidents taking place frequently, we have decided to impose sections of heinous crimes as and when required.\"Two more accused, Sunil Raj and Prashant alias Honey, were arrested on Friday in connection with Thursday's attack. Police had nabbed Sunil's brother, Anil Raj, on Thursday night after he had turned up at the AIIMS Trauma Center saying he had been attacked by four people on the BRT corridor. Incidentally, the victims spotted Raj and signalled to the cops. With his arrest, police were able to arrest another accused, Rohit. Raj had got angry after seeing the judge's sticker and he called on his friends to attack , police said.The accused have criminal records and have been involved in several cases of snatching and causing hurt to people, police said. Additional CP, southeast, Ajay Chaudhry said the four accused have been charged with Section 307 (attempt to murder), 332 (causing hurt to deter public servant from discharging his duty), 186 (obstructing public servant), 353 (assault) and 279 (rash driving) of IPC.On Thursday, Metropolitan Magistrate, Ajay Garg, suffered severe head injuries and was admitted in the ICU of AIIMS Trauma Center after being assaulted by the accused. His driver, Chamanlal had also sustained injuries. Additional Sessions Judges, Inderjit Singh and M K Nagpal, were also with Garg at the time but they were not hurt.In his complaint, Lal said he was driving the vehicle which was used as a 'carpool' to take the judges to their homes. On reaching Dakshinpuri, a speeding motorcycle hit their vehicle. \"I got out and counseled them not to speed but they started misbehaving. As we were leaving, Anil saw the court sticker and yelled to his friend for help. Immediately others arrived and began pelting stones and bricks at us. One of the bricks hit Garg on his head and other on the shoulder. The other two judges saved themselves by hiding behind the seat... When people gathered, they left their bikes behind and fled,\" he said in his statement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278102", "title": "Kids reunited with family after 9 months", "text": "INDORE: Tears rolled down her cheeks as she embraced her mother after a gap of nine months. A sense of safety and belongingness probably overwhelmed her. Her younger sister was too young to understand the gravity of the situation and appeared dumbstruck.Megha (7) and Mona (11) years were meeting their mother after a gap of nine months.On August 30 last year, these two innocent girls were separated from the family under mysterious circumstances. They reportedly left their home situated at Bicholi Mardana on August 30 and somehow reached Aurangabad in Maharashtra. While they were moving here and there in a city completely unknown, cops noticed them and brought to the police station.Later, they were handed over to Childline, Aurangabad. They were then shifted to Vidyappeth Balgrih on September 7, 2011.Reportedly, the girls uttered Vijay Nagar occasionally, based on which Balgrih officials contacted Childine, Indore. \"These girls were brought here around 20 days ago. We tried searching for the parents on the basis of very little information provided by the kids. We even published notice and news in media, but to no avail,\" said Deepesh Chouksey, Childline coordinator.On Friday , the missing information was flashed with the photograph of both the girls by the family members. Childline then contacted them over the given contact number. Following this, her mother rushed to claim her children. Talking to ToI, their mother Lakshmi Parate said that she was concerned about the safety of their children and their future.\"They are girls and anything could have happened to them had they not fallen into right hands. I want to educate them and will not allow them to go anywhere now,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277953", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012: June 10 last date for filling choices online", "text": "NEW DELHI: Nearly 17,500 candidates got lucky in the IIT Joint Entrance Exam 2012 (JEE), results of which were declared early on Friday morning. Of the 4.79 lakh candidates who appeared in JEE this year, 24,112 have secured ranks, and the top 17,462 have been shortlisted for counselling for admission to 9,647 seats in 15 IITs, ISM Dhanbad and IT-BHU. Successful candidates can fill their choices for course and location online till June 10, and the first allotment list will be released on June 14.Arpit Agarwal from the IIT Delhi zone topped the exam scoring 385 on 401. Bijoy Singh Kochar from IIT Roorkee zone ranked second, and Nishanth N Koushik from IIT Kharagpur zone is third. Besides the capital, the IIT Delhi zone includes Gurgaon, Faridabad and Ballabgarh in Haryana; Jammu, Indore and Ujjain in Madhya Pradesh; Alwar, Sikar and Udaipur in Rajasthan, and Aligarh and Mathura in Uttar Pradesh. Candidates from Dubai are also under it.Of the 70,671 aspirants from the IIT Delhi zone, 2,906 have been selected for counseling, but only 282 of them are girls. Overall, 1,50,431 girls appeared in JEE and 2,886 secured ranks. Of them, the first 1,908 have been shortlisted.IIT Kanpur zone had the largest number of candidates, followed by the IIT Bombay zone. However, only 2,101 were shortlisted from the Kanpur zone while 4,239 made it from the Bombay zone.The IITs have lowered their cutoffs this year. A candidate had to secure at least 35% in the aggregate and 10% in each of the three subjects to make it to the common rank list. The cutoff was 47.7% last year. Of the 4.6 lakh candidates who appeared last year, 13,602 had qualified. This year, while IITs have called all reserved category rank-holders for counselling, only half of the general category rank-holders have been selected for admission. More than 18,000 general category candidates have got ranks and 9,723 have been selected for counselling. However, all 4,805 OBC candidates, 3,464 SC candidates and 1,112 ST candidates have been called for counselling. JEE chairperson GB Reddy said this had been done to avoid vacancies in reserved seats.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13283389", "title": "Yoga helped me to concentrate, says top-ranker", "text": "MANGALORE: K Pallavi Rao, a from Vidyadayini English Medium School, Surathkal, who shared the second rank along with DR Shreesha of Swami Vivekananda Education Institute, Mysore and Anusha Prasad of Chetan Public School, Hubli, wants to be an engineer in future. Pallavi secured 621 marks out of 625. She is the daughter of K Manjunath Rao, who works with a private company and Bhuvaneshwari, a house wife. Pallavi is a yoga expert and had won the fifth place at an international yoga competition when she was studying in class VIII.Pallavi attributes her victory to her parents and teachers. \"It is yoga which helped me to improve my concentration. I practice yoga at least an hour a day,\" she said. \"I called my teachers to express my gratitude immediately after I got to know the result. I would like to be an engineer in future,\" said Pallavi, who was the best outgoing student of her school.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13289243", "title": "Unruffled, Shah Rukh Khan moves on", "text": "On Wednesday night, after the IPL match between Kolkata and Mumbai, it was another spectacle offfield that caught the country by surprise. Shah Rukh Khan allegedly misbehaved with a security official at the Wankhede stadium.Next day, it wasn't the Kolkata team's striking display of cricket that kept the media busy, but the action involving the team owner. And while the country debated over the fracas, the actor had already put the past behind.Khan, after holding a press conference to explain his side of the story, left for an usual work day. By six in the evening, he was in a studio to shoot a television commercial. Shah Rukh, who wrapped up the ad shoot by 11 pm, even shot for a print campaign with Dabboo Ratnani.An eyewitness from the shoot revealed, \"Shah Rukh was wearing the same black T- shirt and denim that he wore for the press conference when he came in for the ad-shoot. Initially, he looked a little disturbed. Usually, he is always chirpy. He is extremely witty and always lightens the mood. But on Thursday, it took him a good one-hour to focus on work.\" Shah Rukh was even heard discussing the Wankhede incident with the crewmembers, the eyewitness told us. Perhaps it's Shah Rukh's way of telling the world - move on!- With inputs from Sonal Chawla", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279557", "title": "South Mumbai power tariff to match suburbs", "text": "MUMBAI: Maharashtra Electricity Regulatory Commission's decision to allow BEST to hike power tariff by 30% in island city will close the gap between South Mumbai consumers and that in suburbs, who get electricity from RInfra.The move to increase the power tariff for BEST consumers comes at a time when it is facing Rs 400 crore losses in the transport business. BEST that runs the city's bus transport system, supplies power to 9 lakh residential consumers in island city, while RInfra caters to 26 lakh in suburbs. RInfra consumers have been demanding a cut in power tariff.The hike in power tariff has been done in such a way that a major chunk of it will go towards recovering BEST's transport losses. MERC gave its approval on Thursday after a protracted legal battle and on directions of the Supreme Court.As per the new tariff structure, there is a hike of Rs 1.05 on each unit up to 100 units of which 55 paise is against transport losses, making the actual hike against power supply at 55 paise per unit.Similarly, of the total hike of Rs 1.34 per unit for consumption up to 300 units, Rs 1.03 is towards the transport losses alone. Thus, the actual hike against power supply in this category is just 31 paise per unit.As consumers use up more power, the higher they pay towards the loss-making transport business. For consumption of up to 500 units, consumers have to shell out Rs 1.50 extra per unit of which Rs 1.44 goes towards pulling the transport bus out of the red. For 500 units and above, the extra money paid per unit is Rs 1.91 of which Rs 1.85 goes towards the transport business.Interestingly, the earlier fixed charges for each category of unit consumption have been hiked, thus taking the billing further up.Power expert Ashok Pendse said BEST had no choice but to recover its transport losses by hiking tariff. But he also warned that if transport business losses are not brought under control, the power tariff hike may become an annual feature.\"There is no clear picture whether Tata power will start supplying power to consumers soon so as to bring in competition. If the same scene continues, tariff may go beyond that in suburbs,\" feared Pendse. He demanded amendments in Electricity Act in order to curtail this burden.Meanwhile, senior general manager Omprakash Gupta said BEST will ensure that minimum burden is passed on to the consumers in future as the new hike has taken care of losses of almost three years.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282394", "title": "Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited officials raid illegal users, lodge FIR", "text": "ALLAHABAD: As per the instructions of chairman and managing director of Uttar Pradesh Power Corporation Limited, officials of the power department conducted raids in different parts of the city to nab illegal users on Thursday evening and caught several consumers who were using electricity in excess of the sanctioned load. The team imposed heavy penalty on the offenders and lodged FIR against them under the provisions of IPC and UP State Electricity Act 2005 at concerned police station.Chief engineer, distribution, Alok Verma informed that among the defaulters include a prominent doctor in Allahpur locality, who was found using electricity illegally and whose total load was found to be 5 Kilowatt. The team has lodged FIR against him at George Town police station.Besides this, two other consumers in Allahpur locality were also found using electricity illegally and FIR against them has been lodged at George Town police station.As many as five consumers in Katra locality were caught using electricity illegally by the team led by sub divisional officer, Mayo Hall division, OP Mishra who has lodged FIR against them at Colonelganj police station and disconnected their power supply. Similarly, five consumers were also caught using electricity illegally at Jayantipur locality under Bamrauli division after which the team has lodged FIR against them at Dhoomanganj police station.Three consumers including two in Jhunsi and one in Naini area were also caught using electricity illegally and out of which one was running a welding shop. The team has lodged FIR against the three at Naini police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13277248", "title": "CBI gets nod to attach Jagan property", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Andhra Pradesh government on Friday evening issued government orders allowing the CBI to prohibit sale, pledge and transfer of ownership of properties belonging to Jagan and his associates. These include Jagati Publications (Sakshi newspaper), Indira TV (Sakshi TV), Janani Infrastructure, belonging to YSR Congress president Jaganmohan Reddy, properties owned by N Sunil Reddy and Koneru Rajendra Prasad, accused in the Emaar scam.The government orders, numbering 87, 88 and 89, were not made public but were issued after chief minister Kiran Kumar Reddy gave clearance.The orders were in response to CBI seeking permission to attach properties in the Jagan assets case of which it has conclusive evidence of being part of a quid pro quo arrangement. CBI estimates about Rs 1,172 crore quid pro quo investment in Jagati Publications. CBI valued the publication's office and machinery at Rs 243.64 crore.CBI can now file petitions in district courts seeking permission to attach the properties. The court will then call the investigating agency and the accused and after hearing them, will decide the matter.If the court rules in favour of the attachment, it can also appoint an administrator to oversee the process. However, if the property attached is a business establishment like Sakshi, its working would not be affected but all its transactions would be recorded and certain restrictions imposed on it, sources said.The properties of Jagati, Indira TV and Janani include the building on Road Number 1, Banjara Hills, and offices and printing presses in various AP districts. Sunil Reddy is said to possess agricultural land at Pulivendula in Kadapa and residential property in Secunderabad. Rajendra Prasad is said to own agricultural land in many parts of AP.Sources said the CM wanted to ensure the status of the journalists and other employees of Sakshi newspaper and TV before giving his clearance for attachment of properties. \"Only after the legal department made it clear that both the newspaper and the TV can continue functioning after the attachment, that the go ahead was given,\" a source said.The state government is also examining a proposal to appoint a reputed journalist to monitor the affairs of Sakshi newspaper and TV affairs after the attachment order becomes effective. The entire process of the CBI filing petitions in the various courts and the latter hearing the two parties before deciding on the CBI's plea is expected to take a few weeks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281389", "title": "Man's bludgeoned body found in drain", "text": "BANGALORE: A 23-year-old man was bludgeoned to death in Agara, near HSR Layout, late on Thursday night. The victim was identified as Rakesh Ramachandraiah, a resident of the area. His body was found in a drain on 9th cross, Agara. Passersby alerted HSR Layout police around 8am Friday, police said.Rakesh worked as a manager with a private finance company in Agara. Preliminary investigations revealed that Rakesh and his friends had visited a bar in Agara and consumed liquor till late in the night. \"We discovered that they had fought after coming out of the bar. Investigations revealed that he was attacked by friends who bludgeoned him and dumped his body in the drain,\" police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280268", "title": "Plane heads for closed runway, disaster averted", "text": "KOLKATA: A state-of-the-art navigation radar, installed at Kolkata airport less than a year ago, proved crucial in averting a disaster on Friday afternoon when it alerted air traffic controllers at the nick of time. The directorate general of civil aviation has begun a probe. into why the pilot made the error that could have proved grave.It was 3.45pm, when a controller at the ATC was alerted by the beep sound from the Advanced Surface Movement Guidance &amp; Control System (ASMGCS) as an approaching aircraft locked on to its signal. The ASMGCS monitors movement of vehicles on the tarmac and signals an alert in case it detects an impending collision.Flying in from Port Blair with 86 passengers on board, Jet Airways flight 9W 2458 had aligned itself to the primary runway when the alarm went off. This runway had been shut down for maintenance at 10am after a notice to airmen (NOTAM) was issued, informing all aircraft landing and taking off from Kolkata to use the secondary runway till the primary runway reopened at 4pm.The aircraft, an airbus 737-800 operated by Jet Airways, was about to touch down and was just 1 nautical mile from the runway when the beeps went off. Unmindful of the NOTAM, the pilot headed straight to the runway where dozens of men and machines were present.\"The primary runway had been shut for carpeting work and operations were underway using the secondary runway. A special notice had been issued to alert all airlines. How did the pilot make the mistake and line up for touchdown at the primary runway is still a mystery,\" an airport official said.Realizing an impending disaster right before him, the controller radioed the pilot to abandon landing and go around. He was then guided to the secondary runway and made a safe landing at 4.07pm. \"It was a close shave. Had the plane landed on the primary runway, a major disaster could have happened,\" a controller remarked.This isn't the first time that such an incident has happened. Last June, a Thai AirAsia flight landed on a runway in which repair work was underway. An alert airport staff had then driven men and machine off the asphalt before the Airbus A320 aircraft rushed in.Meanwhile, a United Airways flight to Dhaka from Kolkata - BG 574 - returned within minutes of take-off following a snag that turned the cabin into a cauldron. The ATR 72 aircraft took off from Kolkata at 12.56pm with 65 persons on board. Six minutes later, the captain radioed the ATC, reporting the technical trouble in the aircraft and requested priority landing.Following the SOS, the aircraft was allowed to jump queue and land. It touched down at 1.08pm. However, the problem did not turn out to be as grave as the controller had believed it to be when the pilot radioed in.\"We had initially thought that there was a major fault in the aircraft and safety of the plane was at risk. But only the air-conditioning unit had malfunctioned. True, the cabin had become hot and unbearable for passengers and crew but there was no threat of an accident,\" an airport official said.There have been several instances in the past when ATR aircraft have been dogged by AC problems. A number of flights to the north-east have been hit in the past owing to the snag in the AC system in these aircraft.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280557", "title": "Senior Gujarat cop in dock for dirty talk", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Here is a case of sexual harassment at workplace which is being written in khaki. The victim and the harasser are senior cops.A woman police officer has recently complained against her superior - a senior IPS officer - for making numerous lewd calls to her everyday around midnight. She has reported the matter to the office of Gujarat's director general of police (DGP) in Gandhinagar.The senior IPS officer, who is posted at the DGP's office, is now in the dock owing to his nocturnal calls. \"In the past several months, he has been targeting the woman cop who is of DSP rank. The modus operandi of the senior IPS officer was he first dug out all departmental complaints and inquiries against the woman officer who does not work under his jurisdiction. For this, the IPS officer took advantage of his post since his portfolio is such that he can collect information on all cops in the state,\" said a senior Gujarat police official.After this, the IPS officer made the first call to the woman officer. \"The complainant says that at first it was about official business, but soon the calls took a different overtone. One night at 12.30 am the woman officer got a missed call from the IPS officer. As a protocol the junior officer called back thinking it could be an emergency. When she called up, she realized that the senior IPS officer was drunk. He was slurring. The first question posed by the IPS officer was why she was not coming to the gymnasium regularly. Both go to the same gym in Ahmedabad. She then disconnected the phone. But, from then on, this became a daily routine. This was supposedly to avoid any chances of his mobile phone call details revealing his mischief,\" said a senior Gujarat police official.Finally, the woman officer stopped responding to the calls, but the missed calls continued. She got apprehensive of the consequences and decided to take up the matter with the top cops of Gujarat. She put her point across at the DGP's office with the threat that if punitive action is not initiated soon, she will have to file a police complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277246", "title": "Bhopal Municipal Corporation set to smoothen customer-related services", "text": "BHOPAL: The Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) is developing 17 customer service centres (CSCs) across the city to facilitate payment of water cess, property tax, birth and death certificates among other works. These centres would also register complaints related to municipality works.\"We have plans to develop 17 customer service centres across the city for the convenience of the residents,\" BMC commissioner Rajneesh Shrivastava said. \"This will also help residents file complaints regarding pipe repairing, road repairing, water supply among others,\" he added.\"Of 17 centres, five are to be developed this year. These will be opened from June this year,\" the commissioner added.\"Four of the five CSC's are ready and the one in Mata Mandir area is still under construction,\" Himanshu Bhatt, project engineer, told TOI. Of these, two are in Indrapuri, one each in Shivaji Nagar and Budhwara areas of Bhopal, Bhatt said.These centres will also be connected to the Municipal Administrative System (MAS), which will have an online record of the applications put in by the residents.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "tiruvarur", "code": "13278806", "title": "AIADMK will support me: Nithyananda", "text": "TIRUVARUR: Self-styled godman Nithyananda, on Friday stirred up yet another controversy by stating that he had the blessings of the AIADMK. But even before it could be interpreted that the ruling party threw its weight behind the controversial swami in whatever he did with regard to his anointment as the 293rd pontiff of the Madurai Adheenam, Nithyananda did a volte-face when he clarified that the AIADMK was welcoming all the good things and hence it would support his stand in the mutt issue as well.Nithyananda, who visited Madurai mutt-owned Sri Kachinneswarar temple at Kachanam village in Tiruvarur district, said that what he was doing was for the good of the people and Hindu dharma. He also said he had sought an appointment with the chief minister Jayalalithaa.After praying at the temple, Nithyananda launched a scathing attack against his detractors saying, \"Those who have been enjoying the benefits of Madurai mutt-owned properties are now turning against me, because I am going to reform the mutt by protecting them.\" He said he had pledged to give Rs five crore to the Mutt as a goodwill offering, but the amount is yet to be transferred to the mutt account. \"This is not a price for buying the mutt, nor is the mutt for sale,\" the godman clarified.Turning his attention to Jayendra Saraswathi, Nithyananda said he had given an ultimatum of 10 days within which period the Kanchi seer must retract from his earlier statements made against him, or else legal action would be taken.Hailing the people of Kachanam for giving the mutt continued support, he said all the income accruing at the temple would not be henceforth taken to Madurai and it would be spent for the welfare the village. The Swami said he would build a higher secondary matriculation school, a 20-bed hospital to start with and he would make Kachanam a model village in the near future.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13278314", "title": "Suspected honour killing in Sirsa village", "text": "SIRSA: Falling in love with a co-worker's sister turned out to be a costly affair for a 24-year-old man who was brutally bludgeoned to death in Phulkan village of Sirsa district here on Thursday night.The deceased, Vinod, who had gone missing from his house, was found lying in a pool of blood in the fields. His scalp was found to be damaged and an iron rod was found lying near the body. Deceased's brother Rohtash Kumar confirmed that his brother was having love affair with the sister of accused Tiku Kumar for the past one year. \"Both decided to marry, but the family members of the girl refused and even threatened the boy to keep away from her,\" he claimed.Rohtash further alleged that Titu Kumar, first called Vinod on Thursday night and both consumed alcohol. \"Titu then took him to the fields and fled after murdering him,\" he alleged. Meanwhile, acting on the complaint lodged by victim's brother, police booked Titu and an unidentified person who helped him.Station house officer at Ding, Ramesh Kumar said, \"It can be honour killing. Police are investigating every possible angle.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13295252", "title": "Man who fathered 30 kids with 11 women wants child-support break", "text": "WASHINGTON: A US man, who has fathered 30 children with 11 women, is seeking a break on child support.Desmond Hatchett Knoxville, Tennessee, resident has reportedly set a Knox County record for his ability to reproduce.Out of the 11 nine of those children were born in the last three years, after Hatchett vowed \"I'm done!\" in a 2009 TV interview, saying he wouldn't father more children.But the 33-year-old is back in the news this week because he's struggling to make ends meet on his minimum-wage job.His inability to make child-support payments on such a meager salary also means he's back in court again and again, most recently to ask for a break on those payments.\"Yes, we've got several cases with Mr Hatchett,\" LA Times quoted Melissa Gibson, an assistant supervisor with the Knox County child support clerk's office, as saying.Under the law, there's nothing officials can do to force Hatchett to stop fathering more kids.\"If there's something out there like that, I'm unaware of it,\" Gibson said.\"It definitely needs to be,\" she said.Gibson said Hatchett is believed to hold the Knox County record for most children.Gibson further said that she couldn't say whether any of his children receive public assistance. The youngest is a toddler; the oldest is 14.On being asked in a TV interview whether he can \"keep up with it all,\" Hatchett said he knows all their names, ages and birth dates.Also in a TV interview, Hatchett tried to explain how he managed to end up with so many kids: \"I had four kids in the same year. Twice.\"When Hatchett is working, he is required to turn over 50 percent of his wages for child support -- the maximum allowed under law.Child support payments are based in part on the ages and needs of the children.Some of the mothers of Hatchett's children get only 1.49 dollars a month, WREG in Memphis reported.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284282", "title": "Pune Municipal Corporation general body clears water meter plan", "text": "PUNE: The Pune Municipal Corporation general body on Friday approved a proposal to introduce metered water supply for household consumers. The civic body will prepare a detailed project report (DPR) and launch the pilot system in five areas of the city. The system will be introduced in phases and city slums will get the water meters in the second phase.As per the proposal tabled by the civic administration, 150 litres of water will be provided per head and a five-member family will be considered a unit. If a family uses 150 litres water per head (750 litres in total) no extra charges will be imposed and the existing water rates will be charged. About Rs 33 will be charged for every additional 1,000 litres. However, the GB has reserved rights to alter the water charges as per requirement.Approving the proposal pending since 2007, all party leaders submitted a supplementary to the original proposal, stating that the DPR should be forwarded to the state, Centre or financial institutions seeking funds for the project.\"The PMC will shoulder the expenditure for the pilot project. It will also complete the process to float tenders to install bulk meters from source to treatment plants and from treatment plants to supply lines. Slums will get water meters in the second phase. Medium density polyethylene (MDPE) pipes will be used for main supply lines,\" stated the supplementary proposal. The automatic meter reading (AMR) technology of automatically collecting consumption, diagnostic, and status data from water meter will be used for the entire system. The areas for the pilot project will be identified by the civic administration.The administration has repeatedly tried to introduce metered water billing system in the city, arguing that it will help them calculate water tax accurately. However, the elected representatives had scrapped it for domestic users in April 1, 2000, and instead have been billing users on a system based on the annual rateable value of their property.The state government had warned that if PMC fails to approve the water meter proposal, the PMC would lose its share of funds under the JNNURM phase-II. The central government, in a recent communique, has stated that municipal corporations will have to prioritise water management and drinking water supply before they apply for central funds. Based on the condition that the cost of service and its recovery also should be equal under the JNNURM, the Union government had set up water meters for all consumers in the JNNURM cities.According to the civic administration, the city has problems with unequal distribution of water, as core areas receive more water than the fringe areas. Experts in water management have stressed the need for metered water supply in Pune, which, according to them, will help equal distribution of water and ensure that people pay for the amount of water they use.Metering waterThe civic body will prepare a detailed project reportThe pilot system will be launched in five areas of the cityThe system will be introduced in phasesSlums will get the meters in the second phaseMedium density polyethylene pipes will be used for main supply linesTechnology of automatically collecting consumption, diagnostic, and status data from water meter will be used for the entire systemWater charges150 litres of water will be provided per headA five-member family will be considered a unitIf a family uses 150 litres water per head, no extra charges will be imposed and the existing water rates will be chargedAbout Rs 33 will be charged for every additional 1,000 litresThe GB has reserved rights to alter water charges as per requirement.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284464", "title": "Ben and Tara share their fitness mantra", "text": "LUDHIANA: The fitness conscious youths of the city got an opportunity of a lifetime when renowned international body builders and power lifters Ben White and Tara Silzer met their Ludhianvi fans on Friday. The budding body builders and fitness enthusiasts met the duo at the Ferozepur Road-based hotel they stayed in and learnt valuable fitness tips from them.Ben has been a regular at various body building championships of the International Federation of Body Building (IFBB) around the globe.He has participated in IFBB Mr Europe Grand Prix, IFBB Arnold Classic, IFBB Olympic, IFBB Europa Battle of Champions, IFBB Toronto Pro Super Show and IFBB New York Pro Bodybuilding Figure Championship. The 35-year-old muscle man said he has been training for last 23 years. ''I started to train under coach Ralph Peace in US first,'' he said. While he was always inclined towards practising bodybuilding professionally, the circumstances with Ben's family were not in his favour then, he added.Before he started to earn his bread from body building, Ben says he worked at a bus depot, at a fast food store and a gas station. But his determined efforts and discipline got him the success he deserved. Talking about the potential of the sport in India, Ben said he feels the youngsters here are passionate about bodybuilding and even sport a good physique mostly. ''All these youngsters need is proper promotion and development of the sport,'' he added.Tara, on the other hand, couldn't sense any enthusiasm about bodybuilding among city women. A regular at major bodybuilding championships, Tara has been training under Ben for last 12 years.Meeting Ben and Tara was a dream come true for many Ludhianvi bodybuilders. Achin Kumar, a Raman Enclave resident, said, ''Ben is my favourite body builder and he shared a lot of his experience with us, which would help us gain better health.'' Achin said even his dream is to become a professional bodybuilder and he is working hard towards ths goal.Ram Chauhan, a Field Ganj resident, who has been working out on his physique regularly over past two years, said, ''Ben is an ideal figure in this sport and there is a lot one can learn from him.''", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13276921", "title": "Govt can acquire land for private companies: Ramesh", "text": "NEW DELHI: Rural development minister Jairam Ramesh on Friday rejected the standing committee's recommendation that government should not acquire land for private businesses, saying the state's role could not be eliminated since the private sector did serve a public interest.Reacting to the standing committee report which virtually rejected the core of the land acquisition amendment bill tabled by the RD ministry, Ramesh said the panel's report was not binding on the government and promised to bring a new legislation in the monsoon session of Parliament.He flagged the need to keep investor confidence high, alluding to widespread apprehension that ruling out government role in land acquisition for private sector would hit industrialization.Significantly, sections in BJP seem to share Ramesh's misgivings about the report of the standing committee headed by party member of Lok Sabha Sumitra Mahajan. Sources in the principal opposition party said the private sector could not be eliminated from the process of development.The rural development minister argued in the same vein. \"Public purpose can at times be met by government organizations and, at times, these are met even by private companies. The notion that private companies serve only private interest is not something that I believe in,\" Ramesh told a press conference.The minister cited the example of airports, power plants and infrastructure projects in private sector to argue that there were occasions when the government sought private investment to promote public objectives.The parliamentary panel stunned the Centre this week by recommending that the government have no role in land procurement for private sector and said 'public purpose' in the official bill was loosely defined to help include private companies in its ambit. The standing committee also rejected government help for 'public private projects'.In an indication that UPA may find it difficult to accept the panel's key points, Ramesh said, \"The report is not binding. It is a normal practice to accept important recommendations and where they are not accepted, we give clear reasons why they have not been accepted.\" He said he would finalize the bill after another round of consultations with states.There is, however, uncertainty on how would the Centre balance its views with ally Trinamool Congress's opinion that state have no role in land acquisition for private sector. The TMC reiterated its position in the standing committee's discussions.Arguing that the committee's recommendations could hit the country's growth prospects, he said, \"We must recognize we are not at the stage of development where government role in land acquisition can be completely eliminated and abandoned.\" He added that faster industrialization and urbanization were inevitable and desirable.The minister said at a time when investor sentiment was low and economic growth under pressure, the government needed to quickly resolve the land acquisition law to end uncertainty.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13304823", "title": "We may have not played to our potential but still done well: Rohit Sharma", "text": "JAIPUR: Mumbai Indians batsman Rohit Sharma on Saturday said that his team might have not played to its potential so far in the Indian Premier League, but insisted that the fact that they are placed at number three in the points table shows they have done considerably well.All set to take on Rajasthan Royals, who are already out of contention for the play-offs, on Sunday, Rohit said Mumbai Indians are looking forward to sealing a playoff berth.\"Some people think that we have not played up to our potential but still we are at number three in the table. Sunday is an important match for us. We won't take the Royals, who are out of contention, lightly as we know they would come hard at us because they would be looking to finish on a high,\" said Rohit on the eve of their match.Refusing to blame the batsmen for their inconsistent performance in the tournament till now, Rohit said that Mumbai Indians are looking to iron out the flaws in their batting.\"I would not like to blame the batting as it is never easy to score 16 runs in the last over but we have done that quite a few times. But it also true that sometimes we have not been able to manage small totals.\"It is just a matter of time that we click and the game against Rajasthan Royals might give us that opportunity. That would help us in the play-offs as we would be peaking at the right time,\" he said.When asked if a big knock from Sachin Tendulkar was due and if it might come on Sunday, Rohit said, \"He is in very good form and a big knock could be expected from him any day. It might just come on Sunday.\"He has already played some good innings like the one against Chennai Super Kings . He is batting well and has piled a lot of runs.\"Satisfied with his own form, Rohit said he would like to continue what he has been doing so far in this season.\"I'm happy with my form and would like to put my team in good position whenever I get a chance. If I get another chance tomorrow I would like to try and emulate what I have done in last 15 games,\" he said.Mumbai Indians struggled big time against Kolkata Knight Riders' off-spinner Sunil Narine but Rohit said that his team has plans to tackle Rajasthan Royals' off-spinner Ajit Chandila .\"We are not planning to experiment in batting order to tackle Chandila. Sunil Narine did bother us in the last match but Herschelle Gibbs is in fine form and already has hit a half-century. Sachin is there to open with him. We are looking at a good start and then the middle and lower order can capitalise on that.\"Narine is an exceptional bowler and has done well. Rajasthan Royals too have a good bowling line up and we need a good start,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13296424", "title": "CERT-In handled 13,000 cyber attacks in 2011: Govt", "text": "NEW DELHI: Signalling an increasing trend in cyber security incidents, the government said its agency Indian Computer Emergency Response Team (CERT-In) has handled over 13,000 such incidents in 2011 compared to 8,266 incidents in 2009.\"CERT-In has observed that there is significant increase in the number of cyber security incidents in the country. A total of 8,266, 10,315 and 13,301 security incidents were reported to and handled by CERT-In during 2009, 2010 and 2011, respectively,\" Minister of State for Communications and IT Sachin Pilot said in a written reply to the Rajya Sabha.These security incidents include website intrusions, phishing , network probing, spread of malicious code like virus, worms and spam, he added.Operational since 2004, CERT-In is the national nodal agency for responding to computer security incidents as and when they occur.As per information available with the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB), a total 966 cases of cyber crime reported under Information Technology Act, 2000 in 2010, Pilot said.The data showed that a total of 288, 420 and 966 cyber crime cases were registered under the IT Act during 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively.Under the Indian Penal Code (IPC), a total of 176, 276 and 356 cyber crimes were reported during 2008, 2009 and 2010, respectively, he said.In response to a separate query, Pilot said 1,193 people were arrested in the country in 2010 under the IT Act.The offences included tampering computer source documents, hacking, obscene publication in electronic form, unauthorised attempt to access protected computer systems, breach of confidentiality, publishing false digital signature certificate among others, he added", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "sirsa", "code": "13278185", "title": "Fungus-infected midday meal found in Sirsa school", "text": "SIRSA: There was much chaos in a government high school in Sultanpuria village on Friday afternoon when the villagers raised anti-administration slogans on finding fungus-infected food material and dirty utensils. Villagers have written to higher authorities as the school could not provide a satisfactory answer.Sarpanch Kaluram Khichad said, \"The kids had been complaining of stomach problems in the past few days, which is why we decided to check preparations at the school. It was shocking for us to recover the rotten food.\"Students of Class VIII - Jaswinder Singh, Paramjeet Singh, Nitika Rani and Pooja Rani said they got stomach ache every time they ate the midday meals. \"The food was usually tasteless and of poor quality,\" said the students.When contacted, midday meal in charge Baldev Singh said, \"Food quality is never poor. I was in a class on Friday when the village people arrived. We always buy fresh vegetables.\" District education officer Kumkum Grover could not be contacted.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280200", "title": "Gulbarg case: Plea on cops to be heard again", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The report filed by the Supreme Court-mandated special investigation team (SIT) on Zakia Jafri's complaint against chief minister Narendra Modi and others in the 2002 riots will be tested now in the court of Gulbarg Society soon.The application demanding arraignment of top cops including former joint CP M K Tandon, DCP P B Gondia and then IO S S Chudasama will be heard again by the special court of designated judge P B Dhandha. The witnesses have been requesting the court to try these cops for massacre of 69 persons in the post-Godhra riots.In the past on couple of occasions, the court kept the demand in abeyance on the ground that further probe by the SIT was underway. The SIT has now submitted its report giving a clean chit to all the accused, but recommending departmental action against Gondia and Tandon. In such circumstances, the SIT's findings could be tested in light of the testimony of witnesses before the trial court.The SIT is also expected to submit its report to this court on May 23, when the judge will finalize the date of hearing the application seeking arraignment of the senior cops, said sources.The court is also scheduled to view the videography of the scene of offence on the same day upon request made by the witnesses.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284167", "title": "Lower cut off helps improve Pune's IIT-JEE score", "text": "PUNE: Close to 200 students from Pune cleared the IIT-JEE exam this year as against 150 last year, according to data collected from several tutorials that coach students for the examination in the city. The coaching institutes attributed the rise in passing percentage to the cut off being lowered from 48% to 35% this year. Besides, the IITs declared 18,500 ranks this year as against 13,108 last year, which led to an increase in the number of students from the city cracking the exam.Director of IITian's Prashikshan Kendra (IIT-P) Durgesh Mangeshkar said that about 25 candidates from the city figured in the top 1,000 this year while his coaching academy produced three of them. \"This year only one candidate from the city is in the top 100. Usually, a candidate who tops the IIT Mumbai zone, which includes five states, is ranked within the top 50 in the country. This time, however, there is nobody from Pune topping the Mumbai zone or among 50 candidates of the country,\" said Mangeshkar. Last year, city student Omkar Thakoor topped the Mumbai zone with an all-India ranking of 11.The IIT-P has produced 54 IIT-JEE ranks this year, out of which, 35 candidates are first-timers and 19 are repeaters. The topper from IIT-P is Akshay Gadre, who secured an All India Rank (AIR) of 366 and scored 293 marks. Twelve IIT-P students have figured in the top 2,000 AIR in IIT-JEE 2012. \"Pune's performance this year has been incrementally better. In 2011, a student scoring 48% marks bagged a rank in the IIT-JEE exam. This year, however, the IITs have lowered this cut off to 35%. Hence, more number of students have bagged ranks this year. Also, last year, about 13,108 ranks had been declared as against roughly 18,500 ranks this year. Thus, the number of students that have cleared the exam appears to be more. It is not necessary therefore that the performance has improved in the real sense,\" said Mangeshkar.In 2005, the total result of Pune was 39 ranks. Since 2007, Pune has produced about 100 IIT ranks per year. In 2011, over 150 ranks were reported from Pune while close to 200 have been reported this time. The number of ranks from the state is also increasing steadily, from 150 in 2006 to more than 500 in 2010. Maximum ranks come from Mumbai, Pune, Aurangabad and Nagpur. Mangeshkar said that about six academies in Pune have been consistently producing ranks for over the last three to four years.\"A trend that I noticed this year is that despite scoring 70%, candidates have figured in the top 500 ranks. Usually, a candidate can figure in the top 200 with that score. This implies the great intensity of competition at the higher level,\" he said.Lalit Kumar, founder-director of Prime Academy, said, \"Some 53 out of 148 aspirants from Prime Academy cleared IIT-JEE this year. Though there have been about 18,000 IIT ranks this year, only the top 10,000 candidates will make it to IITs. \"Many outstation students come here and prepare for IIT-JEE due to the availability of expert faculties. Pune is becoming a hub of engineering aspirants. Fifteen students came to our academy all the way from Ranchi.\"Vaibhav Bakliwal of Bakliwal Tutorials said that approximately 5.5 lakh aspirants appeared for the test and close to 18,000 have ranks this year. \"About 25 from Pune have figured in the top 1,000, which is better than last year's 20.\" He said that Pune has the potential to outperform cities such as Hyderabad and Kota. \"But it is the myth regarding IIT-JEE being tough that is acting as a deterrent,\" said Bakliwal. About 10 of Bakliwal's students have figured in top 1,000, he said.As many as 79 students were enrolled in the 2011-2012 batch of M Prakash Academy, and 51 students have secured ranks in the first attempt. Sagar Shinde, administrative head of M Prakash Academy, said, \"Of the 83 candidates that appeared for the test last time, 46 were selected. This means that 56% candidates cleared last time. This time, the percentage of candidates that have cracked the test from our academy is 65%.\"Arun Ghawat of D G Foundation said that 17 out of 50 students in his institute cleared the exam.The IIT-JEE 2012 exam was given by 50,7634 students (77550 from Bombay zone) and there are about 10200 seats available in the 16 IITs and ISM Dhanbad. About 500 students from Maharashtra get IIT Ranks every year for the past 2 years and hence students from Maharashtra comprise about 5% of the IITs.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280372", "title": "Court seeks Sakshi Provident Fund account details", "text": "HYDERABAD: Sakshi newspaper and TV together have 13 accounts with the regional Provident Fund Organisation (PFO) and the CBI court has asked the authorities to provide details of the same.Sources in the PFO told TOI that the CBI had gathered the details of the PF accounts of Jagati Publications (Sakshi newspaper) and Indira TV (Sakshi TV) and after the same was submitted to the court, the latter sought further details.As per the PF records, Jagati has eight PF accounts while Indira TV five accounts. \"While Sakshi newspaper has about 14,000 employees, Sakshi TV has about 5,000 employees, taking the total number to 19,000. However, on the directive of the court, we are updating the details and will be submitting to them the final figure within a week,\" the sources said. The CBI is said to be of the view that the Jagan media group's claim that over 20,000 people are employed with their organizations is grossly exaggerated. \"However, the picture will become clear once the PFO submits the updated details to the court,\" the sources said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13281622", "title": "Demand for air-conditioners, coolers shoots up with rise in temperature", "text": "PATNA: With the rise in mercury, air-conditioners (ACs) and air-coolers are in high demand. If a local trader is to believe, the sale of ACs went up by 68% in April, compared to the previous month.\"As the summer set in, the sale of ACs in April shot up by 68 per cent,\" said Rajnish Singh, a local dealer of air-conditioners.With a large number of apartments coming up in the state capital, the flat owners ready to take possession are buying ACs, coolers and refrigerators. Even invertors are in high demand as power plays truant in most of the areas in and around the state capital. Those shifting to new accommodations and unable to afford ACs and coolers are going for branded and fashionable ceiling fans. \"The market is flooded with a whole new range of ceiling fans in different shapes and designs,\" said Ashok Trivedi, a shopowner on Bailey Road.The credit card facility or offers being made to pay in instalments have made things easier for customers who are unable to spend a handsome amount at one go to buy some product, he said.Ajit Pandey, a local dealer in branded refrigerators, said the trend in sale is changing. Double-door refrigerators are more in demand, as they are available on spending just Rs 3,000 to Rs 5,000 more than the cost of a single-door refrigerator.\"As the people are more conscious now about their hygiene and health, demand of mineral water bottles and jars has also gone up. \"We have 30% increase in the demand of mineral water jars. There are several persons who buy 25-litre water jars and get it refilled according to their requirements,\" said Nitish Kulkarni, a shopowner on Exhibition Road.There is also high demand of mango, watermelon, cucumber and coconut water this month.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "dharamshala", "code": "13278291", "title": "Missing Sehwag gets fans upset", "text": "DHARAMSHALA: The Chennai Super Kings left the hill station by the afternoon flight and then came in the Delhi Daredevils , Lined up since early morning to welcome the team, the fans were disappointed as Virender Sehwag was missing .They, however, cheered for Irfan Pathan, who shook hands with them.Naresh Sharma, who was present at the airport, said: \"We are very unhappy that Sehwag did not come but Irfan Pathan has filed the gap.\"Sources said Sehwag might skip the match due to ill health and fans have pinned their hopes till tomorrow.Meanwhile, tickets for the next match were sold out completely.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300125", "title": "Brangelina spend 2,000 pounds on Harry Potter toys for kids", "text": "It seems that Brad Pitt and Angelina Jolie are planning to turn their London home into a mini Hogwarts.The Hollywood power couple went to Harrods and splurged a whoppping 10,000 pounds including 2,000 pounds just on Harry Potter gear, for their six kids.Pitt and Jolie picked up items including a chess set costing almost 400 pounds and a 74.95 pounds wand display case, along with wands to fill it with.\"They spent three hours on the toy floor, mostly in the Harry Potter section,\" the Sun quoted a source as saying.\"Although they refused the offer of a private shopping experience, they were flanked by six big security blokes.\"The stars also bought other toys and some clothes, with the whole shop clocking in at 10,000 pounds,\" the source added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284991", "title": "Cloud cover reduces temperature", "text": "KANPUR: The denizens got some respite from sultry weather conditions as mercury dipped to a couple of notches here on Friday. However, the commuters were sweating it out due to cloud cover and hot winds blowing in the region. Meteorological department officials attributed the dip in temperatures to cloud cover. While, heat waves and dry northwesterly winds were responsible for sweating.The maximum temperature recorded on Friday was 40.0 degree celsius, which was 3.1 degrees less then that of Thursday. While, minimum temperature remained at 23.6 degrees.The humidity was 34 percent in morning hours, which was reduced to 21 percent in afternoon. According to weather scientists, the dry winds coming in from central India and passing over the region had led to the soaring heat. The met officials also predicted chances of mercury touching the mark of 45 degrees during weekend.Anirudh Dubey, meteorologist, informed that the current temperature is nearly three degrees above normal, which is not unusual for this time of the year. However, the low minimum temperature and cloud cover might affect the standing crops.\"This is the peak of summer. The temperatures will go down with the arrival of monsoons. At present, most of the parts in the state are in grip of heat wave conditions. In the absence of any moisture, the harsh weather is likely to continue over the next couple of days,\" added Anirudh Dubey further.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13283316", "title": "Vittala case: Democratic Yoth Federation of India to stage protest", "text": "MANGALORE: The Democratic Yoth Federation of India (DYFI) in association with other like-minded organizations has decided to stage a protest in front of Mangalore University condemning its decision not to allow Vittala Malekudiya, who is in judicial custody for allegedly supporting Naxalites, to write his second semester examination. He is a student of mass communication and journalism in the university.DYFI members also have decided to file a complaint against the vice-chancellor to the governor.\"Vice-chancellor TC Shivashankar Murthy has written a letter to the court informing about Vittala's attendance shortage, even though the court has not asked for it. It is very unfortunate. The university has the right to grant permission to write examination for students if they face attendance shortage because of illness, accident and other reasons. However, Vittala has been denied permission to take the examination even though he was sent to jail not for the fault of him,\" said DYFI district president Muneer Katipalla.The vice-chancellor should have given Vittala the opportunity to write the examination considering his 89 per cent attendance prior to his arrest on March 3, he added.Vittala has been jailed under the Unlawful Activities (Prevention) Act for his alleged association with Naxalites. The court had denied Vittala the permission to write the second semester examination based on the report submitted by the university.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280560", "title": "CBI grills Sabita in YS Jaganmohan Reddy's assets case", "text": "HYDERABAD: Stepping up the pace of its probe into the assets case pertaining to Kadapa MP YS Jaganmohan Reddy , the CBI officials have questioned Andhra Pradesh home minister P Sabita Indra Reddy at her residence on why she issued certain GOs benefitting several private cement companies in the state during her earlier stint as mines minister. The CBI had questioned Sabita earlier also in the illegal mining case.During the three-hour questioning on Thursday, the CBI sleuths reportedly asked her about the grant of limestone mines in Kadapa, Anantapur and Ranga Reddy districts to cement companies -- Dalmia, India Cements and Penna Cements etc. Permission to some of these companies to draw huge quantities of water, particularly in Ranga Reddy district, also figured in the questioning session, sources said. One of the key posers to Sabita was why she gave bauxite mining rights to Anrak consortium on huge tracts of land in Visakhapatnam agency. Though this consortium appeared to be headed by Ras Al Khaimah (an emirate of the UAE) state, it was Pratap Reddy of Penna Cements who turned out to be the major beneficiary in this deal, a CBI source said. According to the sources, the home minister found it difficult to justify all the governmental actions in this regard.Meanwhile, the Enforcement Directorate (ED) filed applications in the CBI court on Friday seeking its nod to question all the accused that are currently lodged in jail in the Jagan assets, Emaar and OMC cases. ED will quiz them and record their statements in the jail itself. In the case of those who are not arrested and out on bail, the ED will summon them to its office for questioning. The ED authorities will take up issuing summons to Jagan and other accused after dealing first with those who are behind bars, it is learnt.Acharya's silence bought with property as bribe: CBIThe CBI on Friday informed the AP High Court that B P Acharya, IAS officer and former MD of APIIC, got a 4,000 square feet prime commercial space in Somajiguda in Hyderabad as bribe for remaining a mute spectator during the large scale loot of public assets in the Emaar scam. Acharya got the property registered in the name of his mother-in-law as part of his benami transactions.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "agartala", "code": "13283454", "title": "Manik Sarkar blames imperialism for worsening Indo-Bangladesh ties", "text": "AGARTALA: Tripura chief minister Manik Sarkar blames Western nations and imperialism for all the problems facing the state and the country. While addressing the gathering at the birth anniversary celebration of world poet Rabindranath Tagore in Tripura Central University on Friday, Sarkar said, \"The imperial powers have been the driving force behind the worsening bilateral relations between Tripura and Bangladesh.\"Sarkar added that it is the responsibility of the youth to strengthen the relation between the two nations and not allow imperialist powers to divide the people of the nations. \"India and Bangladesh were the same nation during the British rule. British imperialism has corrupted the thoughts of people of the nation and created a rift between us. Now, we live in different nations, but our affinity to develop mutual terms has kept us close to each other,\" he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13297544", "title": "BS Yeddyurappa not to attend BJP national executive meet", "text": "BANGALORE: Miffed over the party's top brass sidelining him, sulking BJP Karnataka strongman BS Yeddyurappa today said he would not attend the party national executive to be held in Mumbai from May 24.\"I will not attend the party national executive,\" Yeddyurappa, who recently pushed the party government to a crisis that had threatened its survival, told reporters here.However, Yeddyurappa sought to set at rest speculation about his future political moves, saying he will not join any political outfit including the Congress.\"There is speculation that I am going to join Congress. It is far from truth. There is no question of joining any political party\", Yeddyurappa said after meeting people at his new \"public meeting centre\".Yeddyurappa's reaction came against the backdrop of comments made by some Congress leaders over admitting the former chief minister into the party.He said he would tour the state after May 30 to know the pulse of the people and take an appropriate decision on his future.After sparking a crisis with nine ministers and several MLA loyal to him submitting their resignations, Yeddyurappa however, announced a few days ago that he had deferred his decision to quit the party.The beleagured BJP leader, who has been facing a spate of corruption cases and a CBI probe, praised Gujarat chief minister Narendra Modi and described him as a \"straight forward man and dynamic chief minister.\"Yeddyurappa's remarks assume significance as Modi is also reportedly unhappy with the BJP central leadership over certain issues amid recent reports that he might not attend the BJP National Executive meeting.He said there were problems in Rajasthan, Gujarat and Karnataka and wanted the party to introspect and resolve them.Yeddyurappa said certain important leaders in Karnataka and Gujarat have expressed displeasure and wanted the upcoming national executive to deliberate on the \"serious\" issue.\"After (Atal Bihari) Vajpayee, a leader like LK Advani is leading the party. He is capable of taking decisions for the good of the party. However, Anantkumar (party general secretary) is not allowing him take decisions and resolve crisis. Anantkumar is trying to keep the party under his clutches\", he said.\"Anantkumar creates confusion and doubtful situation. It is very tragic that Anantkumar is not only misguiding the party, but also trying to dominate\", he alleged.BJP has leaders like Sushma Swaraj and Arun Jaitley , who had good leadership qualities, but Anantkumar is \"suppressing\" them, he said.He charged that Kumar was preventing any MP from Karnataka though it has stalwarts like D B Chandregowda, Suresh Angadi and Basavaraj, from coming into prominence.Yeddyurappa said he was hurt at the way he was treated in the party, which he built in the last forty years.He said BJP General Secretary Dhamendra Pradhan, who is camping in the city since yesterday to resolve the crisis, met him. \"I also spoke by phone to Gadkari and Jaitley\", he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ludhiana", "code": "13284427", "title": "No holds barred for \u2018spontaneous\u2019 4", "text": "LUDHIANA: The USP of these four friends is their spontaneity. Roaming the city, they can suddenly take off to Ambala to enjoy dinner at their favourite dhaba there or go to the banks of Satluj and laze around or watch movies back to back.Vishal Sood, a marketing administrator from Ghumar Mandi, computer professional Mayank Chopra of Kochar Market, Pakhowal Road-resident Harjinder Singh, a jeweller, and Gagandeep Sandhu a government officer of Model Town first met at a coffee shop in Sarabha Nagar market.''That was five years ago. We hit it off on the right note and began to watch movies, party and go for dinners together. Later we also joined a health club together,'' said Vishal. He added that nothing in their group is planned. ''There have been times while we are chilling out in BRS Nagar, we have suddenly decided to go to Eagle dhaba in Ambala. Our other frequent stops are Chandigarh, Ambala and Sutlej banks,'' he said.Mayank Chopra decodes the friendship of his gang of four. ''It is supposed to be an informal relation and we keep it so. We are a funky group. I remember when we first became friends one evening while having coffee at a cafe on Ferozepur Road we decided to drive down to Chandigarh for a dance party and instantly took off. That is how we are,'' he said.Giving more insight into the group, Harjinder Singh said they are not only ''weekend friends''. ''We meet whenever we feel like it. Recently we watched 'Avenger' and then followed it by 'Ishaqzaade','' he added. Gagandeep Sandhu, who is the shy one among them, said the one planned thing they are going to do is visit Goa sometime in June or July.''This time we can't just get up go since we will need to book tickets and rooms,'' he said with a smile.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13303865", "title": "Massive power cuts in Delhi", "text": "NEW DELHI: Delhi reeled under massive power cuts in the sweltering heat today with supply from various power plants coming down by a whopping 1,400 Mega Watt due to technical problems.Areas across east, west, north and south Delhi faced outages in the range of one to four hours due to the shortage as maximum power demand remained above 4,200 MW.\"The supply of power to Delhi fell by 1,400 MW due to various technical issues in some of the power plants from where we get electricity,\" said a power department official.The supply from NTPC's Dadri plant in Uttar Pradesh came down by 800 MW while the Bawana plant in the city, which produces around 250 MW, was totally non-functional.Power production at NTPC's Rihan plant in Uttar Pradesh as well as in Badarpur Thermal Power Ltd in Delhi was also severely affected resulting in shortage in supply.\"NTPC has told us that by tomorrow, the situation will improve,\" said the official.Power demand in the city remained high at 4,278 MW. However, it was less than yesterday's high of 4,490 MW.\"There was no power in our area for four hours. It was a difficult situation. We sweat like anything,\" said Manish Gupta of Janakpuri area in the city.The erratic power supply also affected various water treatment plants in the city, resulting in shortage of water in the city.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "trichy", "code": "13278842", "title": "File chargesheet against Trichy MLA, says court", "text": "TRICHY: The Trichy judicial magistrate court-IV on Friday ordered the police to file a charge-sheet against former minister and Trichy West MLA M Paranjothi following a complaint filed by one D P Rani, who had claimed to be his estranged wife. However, the court gave one month time for the police to file the charge-sheet, as the handwriting of Paranjothi had been sent for verification.On May 10, Rani filed a petition before judge Rajaram at judicial magistrate court-IV seeking to expedite her case against Paranjothi as more than 120 days had passed since she first filed a complaint. The judge had then posted the case to May 18 for the next hearing.The case was dragging on for quite some time now and the magistrate had on November 11 last year had directed the Woraiyur police to register a case and file a report by December 9. Since Paranjothi was then the HR&CE; minister, the police allegedly dragged the case. In fact, the judge observed on Friday that the cooperation of the defence was wanting.However, assistant commissioner Veerasamy said that he did not violate any process of law as he had not arrested anyone in this case. \"An FIR has been filed and the investigation of witnesses and verification of various documents related to the case are in progress,\" he told the court.Rani in her complaint had claimed that Paranjothi took her 60 sovereigns of gold jewellery, Rs 10 lakh cash and a plot of land in Sayanur worth Rs 2.40 lakh and requested the court to retrieve the property and return it to her.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278537", "title": "\u2018IPL vulgur display of money, immorality\u2019", "text": "NEW DELHI: What the game of cricket could not do, controversies have achieved for IPL 5 -- given it enough headlines. Only, it's not good news; as three back-to-back embarrassments have given IPL-baiters fresh weapons to fight with.Riding on the back of spot fixing allegations, the Shah Rukh Khan brawl and now charges of molestation against Royal Challengers Bangalore player Luke Pomersbach , IPL critics among politicians on Friday demanded a complete ban on the T20 extravaganza.From being called a rave party to being touted as a threat to national security, the T20 tournament was attacked from all sides possible.Reacting to the Pomersbach incident, BJP MP and former cricketer Kirti Azad said, \"The only thing which was left in the IPL was rape... It is complete entertainment , not cricket... money laundering , spot-fixing and now rape. BCCI is above law, nothing can happen.\"Using unintended cricket lingo, he went on to add that foreign players were taking advantage of the conditions here.The Left took a negative stand on the tax exemptions given to IPL in the face of all the recent controversies. CPM leader Sitaram Yechury demanded that the exemptions be removed and said, \"Tamasha should end; only sports should prevail.\"BJP's Yashwant Sinha found the IPL \"against Indian culture\" and said, \"It is not IPL, it is a rave party. If semi-naked girls will continue to dance after every four is scored, then this is what will happen (molestation), this format of IPL should be scrapped immediately.\"Janata Party president Subramanian Swamy was even more scathing. \"The (IPL) game's collateral consequences are a degeneration of a civilized game of cricket into a vulgar display of money, immorality, all converting into a serious national security threat. IPL has become a source of money laundering, black money, prostitution and hawala racket,\" he said, adding that the tournament should be banned for a brief period until politicians and film stars are barred from owning teams.Even RJD chief Lalu Yadav , whose son Tejaswi is part of Delhi Daredevils , did not spare the IPL demanding a complete closure of the league.Meanwhile, IPL authorities sought to distance themselves from the incident with chairman Rajiv Shukla saying the Pomersbach incident was the \"misbehaviour of an individual player\" and the event had nothing to do with it. He defended his position by asserting that IPL 4 and IPL 5 had not organized any party.Law minister Salman Khurshid explained the format in terms of the demands of \"this age and time\". Replying to a question, he said IPL was the product of this age and time; earlier it was Test cricket, now it is IPL.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13278082", "title": "Chhota Rajan aide assaults Santosh Shetty inside court", "text": "MUMBAI: Fugitive gangster Chhota Rajan's aide Nilesh Shedge, an accused in scribe J Dey's murder case, on Tuesday slapped and manhandled deported gangster Santosh Shetty inside the sessions court.Sources said the incident took place on Tuesday afternoon when Shetty was outside the court room where his case is being heard. Shedge, who was being escorted by two cops to the toilet, met Shetty and slapped him all of a sudden. Shedge tried to hit him again but the cops intervened and took him away. As it was a minor scuffle, no case was registered, sources said.Reportedly, Shedge was angry with Shetty because he did not pay the former's legal fees in advocate Shahid Azmi's murder case. Shedge and Shetty have been accused of killing advocate Azmi in 2010 on the behest of Bharat Nepali. Shetty's lawyer Rajesh Srivastava said, \"Shedge tried to hit Shetty but he did not succeed. My client has already made applications before the courts that he fears for his life.\"Though Rajan has claimed responsibility for the Azmi killing, Bharat Nepali and Santosh Shetty, who left Rajan's gang, said they were behind it. \"Rajan was very angry after learning that Shetty and Nepali had split to form their own gang. There were also some financials issues between Shetty and Rajan,\" a source said.In 2010, Nepali had claimed that he ordered Azmi's killing as the latter had represented a terror accused in court. A year later, over a minor dispute about the leadership of the gang, Shetty killed Nepali in Bangkok . Shetty, in connivance with Vijay Shetty, also orchestrated the killing of Rajan's close confidant Osama Khan in Allahabad in 2011. Though this is the first such instance this year, in the past several rival gangsters have had spats inside courts and on jail premises.In 2006, John D souza, a Chhota Rajan aide was killed in Arthur road jail and in 2010 Dawood aide Mustafa Dossa attacked Abu Salem inside the Arthur road jail.Inside the jails, these gangsters feels they are isolated but when they come to courts they feel that the entire crime world is watching them and hence they wants to show off. The second reason is that if they assualt anybody in the public premises it easily attracts the media and it becomes talking point.'' said an senior inspector of crime branch.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282343", "title": "Local students crack prestigious IIT-JEE", "text": "ALLAHABAD: Around 30 city students cleared the prestigious IIT-JEE, the results of which were declared on Friday. Local boys Utkarsh Srivastava and Nihal Ahmad bagged 750 and 4,356 ranks respectively in the overall merit list. A hardworking and meritorious student since childhood, Nihal's achievement has also come as a booster for his school from which a student has been selected in the premier IIT's after a gap of 4 years.Sharing his success with TOI, Nihal said, \"There is no shortcut to success and one must have firm belief in his abilities and will to crack such examinations. But this does not mean that this can be achieved without putting in hard labour because I, on an average, had been putting five hours of regular studies for the last four years. He gave the credit of his success to his father Riyaz Ahmad, a building contractor, who always encouraged him to work hard.Aspiring to clear civil services examinations after completing his engineering, Nihal feels that the nature of job provides enough opportunities to one for working towards the betterment of the society.Awaiting his class XII results, he said, \"This time, I hope to improve on my performance as compared to class X in which I had scored 94%.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13279442", "title": "Ring Road patch in dark for two decades", "text": "NAGPUR: The 3.5km patch of Mankapur-Katol Road Square ring road without any streetlights has become a motorists' nightmare. The streetlights haven't been installed since the road was laid some two decades ago by the public works department.\"This road is dangerous. With no lights and but presence of potholes, riding on this road can be suicidal,\" say local residents. There are over ten residential localities along this busy road. They include Mankapur, Zingabai Takli, Zafar Nagar, Pallotti Nagar, Ayyappa Nagar, Rathod Layout, Mahesh Nagar, Borgaon and Gorewada. Apart from heavy vehicles, the road that runs from Mankapur square to Amravati Road, is preferred by residents of these localities too.\"Only Mankapur square and Katol road square have streetlights. These have been provided by the NMC,\" pointed out a teacher and resident of the locality Meena Singh. The civic body turns a blind eye towards other patches, she rued. Even in interior areas in many localities there are no streetlights. \"Elected representatives too have failed to install lights,\" alleged another resident of Zingabai Takli Ashok Bhoyar.Many motorists who reside in North Nagpur and work in MIDC Hingna stressed the need for development of this patch. A resident of Mankapur, Deepak Sahare, who works in Hingna MIDC, said: \"In the daytime it takes me less than 25 minutes to reach my office. But at night I find it difficult and time-consuming due to lack of lights. The road also has some rough patches and lights would make a big difference.Darkness along the stretch makes it easy for illegal dumping of garbage and untreated sewage by private owners along the stretch, pointed out Upendra Singh, a resident of Rathod Layout. Another problem the motorists travelling on this road face is poor maintenance of road itself. They said that it was the shortest signal free road to Wadi and MIDC and other parts of west Nagpur from North Nagpur. Due to the poor condition of the road, several people going to West Nagpur are forced to take longer routes.A senior official from Mangalwari zone admitted the fact and informed that poles had already been erected and soon they would be illuminated. About poor condition of road, a senior PWD official said that the road surface would be restored soon.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281646", "title": "Woman claims former deputy mayor abused her", "text": "BANGALORE: Former deputy mayor S Harish has been accused of abusing and threatening Padma, a woman employee of a BBMP tailoring centre in Nagapura ward near Mahalakshmi Layout.Padma, a tailoring instructor, complained to Mahalakshmi Layout police that Harish, the corporator of Nagapura ward, and his supporters got her to forcibly sign and acknowledge orders transferring her to the neighbouring Mahalakshipuram ward. Mala was sent as her replacement.When Mala went to take the charge on Friday, Padma allegedly declined to go and Harish was called to intervene, following which Padma handed over charge. She later filed a police complaint against Harish.Harish called it a politically motivated conspiracy hatched and backed by his political opponents and said Padma had been forced to file a false complaint against him.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ranchi", "code": "13305766", "title": "Meteorological department predicts rain", "text": "RANCHI: As the day wears on, the level of heat also increases. By noon when the sun is overhead, the intensity rises so much that it becomes difficult to move out from the house. Every lane of the city looks deserted in the afternoon. In this heat, there are some like the office-goers who are compelled to move out of their house and hawkers who don't have any option but to bear the scorching heat for earning the daily bread.As far as respite from the heat is concerned, the India Meteorological Department (IMD) said there would be some relief from the heat because of rainfall predicted in the coming days. \"Yesterday (Thursday) recorded the highest temperature in the city which was 40.9 degrees Celsius. Today the temperature is 40.2 degrees Celsius,\" said J S Jojo, IMD department.Adding further, he said \"In the coming days the temperature may increase or decrease as per the climatic conditions. In 2011 the highest recorded temperature in the city was 42.40 degrees Celsius.\"A Wadood, chairman of the department of agricultural physics and meteorology of Birsa Agricultural University ( BSA) said, \"There are chances of rainfall because whenever there is a rise in temperature it has to be followed by rain. Unfortunately in the past few days that has not been the case which is an issue of concern.\"This is the time when temperature will come down. The weather conditions are changing in the state like on Friday there was heavy rainfall in Jamshedpur. Even in Ranchi we are observing cloud formation since the past few days, so definitely there will be respite from the soaring temperature,\" said A Wadood, chairman, Department of agricultural physics and meteorology, Birsa Agriculture University (BAU).Nishant Tiwary, an office-goer, said in the past few days the hot westerly winds had made moving out difficult. \"Apart from this, we are facing water crisis too as the water level has declined. To top it all the whole day there is no electricity. There has been no rain for several weeks and it seems we are not going to get any respite from the heat,\" he added.Health-related problems also compounded the intense heat. A K Chaudhary, a doctor, said \"The major problem which people face is sun stroke in which the temperature regulation capacity of the body is lost due to intense heat. Besides that there is heat exhaustion where an individual feels lethargic.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282723", "title": "Anti-smuggling unit seizes contraband tablets", "text": "GUWAHATI: Acting on a tip-off, the anti-smuggling unit of the customs division, under the commissioner of customs (preventive), northeastern region, seized 14,74,000 contraband tablets at the LGBI Airport on Friday. The consignment was to be sent by an agent as cargo in an Imphal-bound flight.\"The consignment contained tablets containing pseudo ephedrine, a controlled substance under the Narcotic Drugs and Psychotropic Substances Order (Regulation of Controlled Substance) 1993. We caught the consignment, which was on its way to be booked,\" said Brojen Thamar, customs commissioner (preventive).The sleuth believes that the consignment was on its way to Myanmar for manufacturing party drugs. The estimated cost of the consignment was Rs 11,05,500.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282440", "title": "Bihar Congress to start second phase of \u2018Pol Khol Yatra\u2019 from May 20", "text": "PATNA: The second phase of Bihar Pradesh Congress Committee (BPCC)'s `Pol Khol Yatra' would start from May 20.According to BPCC media department convener H K Verma and 'Pol Khol Yatra' convener Moti Lal Sharma, BPCC state president Mehboob Ali Kaisar would lead the second phase of Yatra on May 20 at 9 am.They said the Yatra would pass through Masaurhi, Jehanabad and reach Gaya at 1 pm and Nawada at 3 pm where party activists of Magadh division have organised a 'Pol Khol' rally.They said that on May 21, the Yatra would leave for Purnia where the party activists of Purnia division have organised a rally on May 22 at 3 pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280121", "title": "Rajkot boy tops IIT-JEE in Gujarat", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Wannabe engineers of Gujarat have come up with a scintillating performance this year. For the first time ever, 470 students from Gujarat have passed the IIT joint entrance exam (JEE) with flying colours. This is close to double when compared to last year's figures.There were many firsts in this year's IIT-JEE for Gujarat's students. Sources in IIT Delhi said for the first time 9,954 students from Gujarat appeared for IIT-JEE along with five lakh students from across the country. The national merit list of IIT-JEE contains names of 24,112 students who secured ranks. The number of successful candidates from 470 is not the only good news.There are 35 students in Gujarat who are among the top 1,000 in the country. And, there are more than 100 on this list of successful candidates who are students of the Gujarat board. Though, amid the celebrations , there is a harsh reality to be contended with - if last year the top rank was 42, achieved by a student of Anand Rohan Das, this year the topper, Rajkot student Siddharth Patel, has been pushed to the 60 position.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13296043", "title": "'Department' is a brutal film", "text": "Shoot at sight. Point blank. In different ways that's exactly what Ram Gopal Varma (RGV) and his characters do in Department. While his cop heroes Sanjay Dutt, Rana Daggubati and their hazily sketched compatriots (one of whom looks like Deepak Tijori) go on a cleansing rampage against sociopaths, RGV goes on his own trip, shooting characters at angles you've never seen them being shot. They don't always look fetching with their stained teeth and dirty nails showing up in embarrassing close-ups. So who said life in cinema is about postcard pictures?Welcome to RGV's world of muck and mayhem. The one definite thing that must be said about RGV is that his exploration of the nexus between the law and the underworld is ceaselessly seeking new modes of storytelling. Department is one breathless surge of aggression and violence. Shot with cameras that capture the actors at their quirkiest and most candid the film is not for those who think cinema is all about style. RGV left his stylish days behind in Rangeela and Company.Repeatedly and mercilessly RGV dismantles all conventions of pretty storytelling and aims for the jugular. The camera angles are often much too casual to be considered 'cinematic'. But breaking rules is a given in RGV's cinema. He breaks them in Department in a noisy rush of agitated images that go well with the edgy fidgety characters.Not all the characters work. Vijay Raaz as a whiny dhoti clad gangster and debutant Madhu Malini as a tartish sharp-shooter are a scream. The talented Abhimanyu Singh has a tough time trying to maintain an equilibrium between the two unintentionally comical evildoers. The dialogues these gangsters exchange try so hard to be real they end up being howlers. It's like eavesdropping on a conversation between two pathologists.The camera, manned by no official 'Director Of Photography' (and it shows) goes through the character's legs, into their nostrils, over their armpits, under their thighs... Every possible orifice is officially declared public property in this film about cops who do their own thing. And a director who doesn't mind banging the bullets in places where feelings don't enter.Yup, Department is a brutal film. There's no room here for emotions. Even when Sanjay Dutt playing a senior cop goes home his wife (played by Laxmi Manchu, speaking in a strangely loud tone) he talks to her in unsentimental tones. There's more feeling in the two cops Dutt and Rana's buddy-buddy baatein in the line of duty.There's a long history in cinema of cops striking a rapport on the beat. Dutt and Rana are no Danny Glover and Mel Gibson . But then this is no Lethal Weapon. The action here is a strange mix of street aggression and stylized stunts. While scenes of Daggubati chasing goons through claustrophobic crowded areas of Mumbai are vintage Varma the climactic fist-to-fist between Rana and Dutt proves a battle of unequal titans. One of the two actors being just too agile for the other.What grabs your attention in this oft-told tale of the cops resorting to extra-constitutional means to 'cleanse' the city is the frenetic pacing. The characters are constantly on the move. Even Mr Bachchan while taking sardonic jibes at a 'system' that is corroded is seen restlessly circling Dutt or Rana,depending on which of the two the wily wizened politicians is provoked into action.Not surprisingly Mr Bachchan's netagiri provides the liveliest interludes in the proceedings. He seems to be having the most fun even when saddled with dialogues that must have sounded far funnier on paper than they do in their delivery. Among the rest of the cast Rana Daggubatti with his restrained ruggedness stands tall.What Department delivers is yet another RGV product that takes Hindi cinema's crime genre away from conventional storytelling. There are no punctuations except exclamation marks, no speedbreakers except songs (terribly screechy and grating with Nathalia Kaur's item number hitting rock-bottom) and no way out for these restless law-enforcers than to take the law in their own hands.The world of Department is anarchic, destructive and apocalyptic. The narrative format imposed on the world of gangsterism is freewheeling almost chaotic. Violence and death are written into the DNA of the characters. You can't separate RGV's people from their chaotic karma.Department tells a virile story with no patience for sappy humbug. It's not meant for those who think lovers laughing their way into death, as they did in Ishaqzaade, are the last words in ruinous relationships. In Department the characters share a far more intimate bonding with their guns than with their friends. Kisiki nozzle na lag jaye.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "julayi audio", "code": "13297150", "title": "Allu Arjun\u2019s Julayi Audio Songs Release on May 25", "text": "Julayi audio: Sylish star Allu Arjun's upcoming romantic entertainer \"Julayi\" will see the audio launch on May 25. Sources close to the production house say that the makers plan to release the audio of \"Julayi' in the last week of May and film in the third week of June. Director Trivikram Srinivas has almost wrapped up the shooting of the film, and is currently overseeing the post-production works. \"Julayi\" hinges on the story of Arjun's character where he plays a youthful role while Ileana's sizzles with her performance and Trivikram will surely entertainer with his candy-floss humor quotient.After having delivered a smash hit with \"Gabbar Singh\", music director Devi Sri Prasad is all poised to deliver back-to-back hits with \"Julayi\". Remember, Devi Sri Prasad and Allu Arjun combo have seen roaring musical entertainers starting from \"Arya\", \"Bunny\" and \"Arya 2\". DSP hopes to continue this momentum with \"Julayi\" audio too. The film is produced by Radhakrishna under Haarika &amp; Hasini Creations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "medak", "code": "13280089", "title": "Woman, infant die after nurse botches up delivery", "text": "MEDAK: An auxiliary nurse midwife (ANM) performed the delivery of a woman leading to her death at the primary health centre (PHC) at Kadloor village in Tekmal mandal in Medak district in the late hours of Thursday.Her baby boy died immediately after the birth on Thursday afternoon.Enraged villagers and relatives attacked the PHC on Friday demanding penal action against the negligent staff. Sources said the ANM performed the delivery in the absence of a doctor.Krishnamma, 28, wife of farmer Gopal, 35, developed labour pains around 12am on Thursday.With duty doctor Saibaba not present at the PHC, the ANM Gangalakshmi stepped in to operate on the woman.The baby boy died within minutes of birth around 2 am. Soon, Krishnamma also developed health complications and her family members were asked to rush her to the government general hospital in Medak. She was declared brought dead by the doctors at the GGH.Gopal along with his two daughters - Mounika, 8 and Manisha, 5 - and relatives staged a dharna in front of the PHC along with Krishnamma's body on Friday morning demanding justice.Soon, 200 villagers joined the protest. Irate villagers pelted stones on the PHC building, broke the windowpanes and hurled the furniture out.They demanded ex-gratia from the CM's relied fund and threatened to bury the body in front of the PHC.After the district authorities promised to arrange compensation, they relented. \"We have launched an enquiry into the incident,\" district medical and health officer Ranga Reddy said. On her part, the ANM said she only tried to help out the woman in the absence of the doctor.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13283237", "title": "Real estate agent found murdered in Gadag", "text": "HUBLI: A 40-year-old real estate agent was brutally murdered at Gangapur pete in Gadag on Thursday night. Gadag Town police inspector Suresh Kumbar told The Times of India that the deceased is Ladsaab Bagalkot, a resident of Gangapur pete.On Thursday night his body found near his shop. Police suspect that some unidentified persons killed him by hitting him on his head with a rod.The incident took place in an isolated place. Some passersby saw the body and informed police.A case has been registered with Gadag town police and investigation is on.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kanpur", "code": "13284879", "title": "Adversities turned these lads into achievers", "text": "KANPUR: The maxim 'where there is a will, there is a way' holds true for many of these young achievers who have cracked IIT-Joint Entrance Exam (JEE) despite facing several hardships. Among them are Prashant Siddhartha, Rahul Gautam, Himanshu Wadhwani and Krishna Kumar Awasthi. These students have burnt the midnight oil to realise their dream. On this grand occasion, they have not forgot to pay gratitude to their teacher Mahesh Singh Chauhan, an ex-IITian who taught them and made them go through JEE.But unlike other students, Prashant, Rahul, Himanshu, Krishna have a different story to narrate. Though they have worked hard to achieve their aim but what made them work harder was the fact that they lacked finances and resources to study.It had been a difficult situation for Krishna Kumar Awasthi, whose father had been suffering from brain tumour for the past few months and was undergoing treatment at the PGI in Lucknow. But this meritorious student did not give up and cracked JEE in the first attempt. The other big challenge before Krishna was finances. The only earning member in the family, his father, was ailing. Though Krishna was selected in JEE, he had tears in his eyes because his father would undergo an operation in next 3-4 days.\"My father is a farmer and we have some land in our village in Maharajpur. I along my brother take care of farming land as our dad is not well. The land gives us an income with which we are able to manage our daily bread,\" he said.\"I have secured 11,980 all-India ranking (AIR) in JEE. I would now wish to pursue BTech through the chemical engineering branch,\" said Krishna. Having secured 70% in Class X and 75% in XII, the bright boy thanked his teacher 'Mahesh Sir' for guiding him.The story of Rahul Gautam, who had also cracked JEE, was not very different from Krishna. Rahul, who had secured 839 AIR in JEE, had to face financial constraints at home. Son of a labourer, Rahul had big dreams and so had his parents. This inspired him to prepare for IIT-JEE and the dream came true on Friday when the results were declared. Even in the absence of resources, the city lad made everyone proud.Rahul is a slum-dweller and his father could manage to earn Rs 150 a day. Ram Kumar, Rahul's father, was overjoyed and said: \"I am highly thankful to Rahul's teacher Vinay Pandey who got my son a JEE form. I am also thankful to Mahesh Sir who taught him and today my son has cracked JEE which I could have never imagined otherwise.\"Kumar did not end here. He said, \"My wife always wanted our children to study. So she admitted Rahul in a school in Sharda Nagar. Since then there is no looking back and Rahul reached at this pinnacle\", said the happy father while talking to TOI.Rahul too expressed happiness over his selection in JEE and added that sometimes even he had to work his father to earn more for the day. But he added that this used to encourage him to do well. Rahul had secured 82% in class XII last year and has interest in Maths and Chemistry.The boy now wishes to study in IIT-Kanpur. Rahul had secured 82% in Class XII.Prashant Siddartha, a resident of Ghaziabad, had prepared for JEE staying in the city. Prashant has secured 245 AIR and is the son of a daily wage painter. Mansha Ram, his father, said: \"I had failed in Class X and thereafter could not study after my father's death. This forced me to start a career as painter. But, I had decided to make my children study and today all of them are studying.\"Mansha Ram's two daughters are postgraduate (MA) in English and Music. One of them teaches in a convent school in Muradnagar near Ghaziabad.\"My sister, who is a teacher, and my other teachers helped me a lot in preparing for JEE. I attribute my success to them,\" said an overjoyed Prashant.When questioned how much your father earns, Prashant said that his father was a daily wager and could manage to earn Rs 200-250 each day.He had secured 84% and 82% in class X and XII respectively. He prepared for IIT-JEE in the city. He thanked his teacher Monica Tyagi who gave him free tution in class XI.Siddhartha now wants to study in IIT-Kanpur and wishes to pursue BTech through electrical engineering branch.Another city boy Himanshu Wadhwani secured 8,399 AIR in JEE. His father is a salesman and sells parts of wrist and clock watch. Himanshu got 84% in class X and 90% in class XII. The only bread earner in the family, Hari Kishan, the father of the meritorious boy has been ailing for past few months, which has made life tough for the rest of the family members. The meager income made situation tough for Himanshu but his his mother Rekha and elder sister Indu kept telling him to aim high.\"A time had come when I thought I would not be able to study further. My father is ill for the past one year and my elder brother also suffered a brain haemorrhage. So there was not a conducive environment to study, but I somehow managed to crack JEE,\" said Himanshu.Meanwhile, Shubhangi Verma, AIR 263, has topped Kanpur Zone among girls. She is a resident of the Industrial City.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13291702", "title": "Several feared dead in Uttar Pradesh bus fire tragedy", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least a dozen people, including women and children, were feared dead and many suffered serious burn injuries when a private bus caught fire in Chilwarai locality situated on Gonda-Bahriach highway under Kotwali rural police station in Bahriach district of Uttar Pradesh late on Friday night. Over 60 persons were said to be on board the bus. They were going to a sufi shrine. The bus collided with a truck before catching fire. The exact number of casualties could not be confirmed as rescue operations were still underway.According to the district magistrate of Bahriach, Kinjal Singh, eight charred dead bodies have been recovered so far and 44 people who suffered burn injuries have been admitted to the district hospital. The condition of 18 persons was serious. Two critically injured passengers have been referred to trauma centre in Lucknow. The accident took place at around 10.30pm. The bus lost control and caught fire after colliding with a truck parked outside a sugar mill situated on the highway. There was an explosion in the bus after the crash.The district magistrate said that people witness to the accident said that there was an explosion after the bus hit the truck. She said that the explosion was apparently caused by LPG cylinders kept in the bus. She said that many passengers were perhaps knocked down by the explosion and could not escape. However, she said that around 10-12 people managed to came out and were rushed to the hospital by the locals. The bus was also badly damaged due to explosion which made exit difficult for the passengers trapped inside.However, local told media-persons that the death toll can be above 25. The angry locals also blocked the highway to protest delay in arrival of administrative help. They claimed that only a fire tender arrived after half an hour of the accident. It ran out of extinguisher and could not douse the flames. Later, one more fire tender arrived along with five ambulances and a team of doctors. Senior officers, they said, came two hours after the accident. But before that people on their own rescued some passengers and took them to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandrapur", "code": "13278638", "title": "8 antlers seized in forest department raid", "text": "CHANDRAPUR: Forest officers of Tadoba Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) recovered eight antlers of wild herbivores in a raid on Wamangaon situated on the periphery of the park on Thursday morning. The raid was carried out to check the involvement of accused Suryabhan Naitam in tree felling in fringe forests of the reserve.Sources said that staffers of Tadoba range in TATR had found some stumps of trees in fringe areas. After investigations, the foresters zeroed in on Naitam of Wamangaon. A raid was conducted in which many planks of teakwood were recovered. The officials were shocked when they found eight antlers of wild herbivores.TATR ACF Ajay Pillariseth confirmed the recovery of antlers. He said that the raid was intended for recovery of illegal felled wood, but they also recovered antlers. \"We have arrested Naitam and obtained his forest custody remand till May 19,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282214", "title": "Police search for slain sisters\u2019 stepmother, uncle", "text": "PATNA: The Patna police suspect the hands of family members of the two sisters in their killing. The two sisters, Soni and Gudia, were gunned down at village Kolhar under Fatuha police station area in Patna district in the wee hours on Thursday.The third sister, Poonam, who sustained serious gunshot injuries, is undergoing treatment in the PMCH. The three sisters are daughter of a CISF jawan, Ragho Yadav, who is posted in Rajasthan.City SP, Patna, Kim said on Friday that the activities of all the family members are suspicious. She said that the girl's father left for joining his duty a few days ago. The girl's uncle, his son and their stepmother are absconding after the killing of the two girls, the City SP said, and added that had the girl's uncle and his son been innocent, they would not have fled after the incident.Kim said that there was nobody to take care of Poonam at the PMCH.The cost of her treatment was being met by the policemen, she said, and added that even blood was arranged by the cops.Kim said that raids were on in Nalanda as the girls' stepmother hails from district.Raids were also being carried out at several other places where the family members might be hiding, she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kathmandu", "code": "13295257", "title": "73-year-old Japanese becomes oldest woman to climb Mount Everest", "text": "KATHMANDU: Japanese national Tamae Watanabe, 73, on Saturday became the oldest woman to climb Mount Everest breaking her own previous record, according to the trekking agent who organised her climb.According to Ang Tshering Sherpa, the general sales agent of the China-Tibet Mountaineering Association for Nepal and chairman of Asian Trekking, that organised the expedition, Watanabe reached the summit of the 8,848m (29,028 feet) Everest from the northern side at 7 am Saturday. She along with three climbing sherpas and another Japanese had left camp three at 8,300 metres 8:30 pm on Friday.Watanabe had earlier set the record of being the oldest woman to climb Everest in 2002 when she climbed the mountain from the south side in Nepal when she was 63.The oldest person to climb Everest is Nepali national Min Bahadur Sherchan, a feat he achieved in 2008 at the age of 76 and the youngest person is American teenager Jordan Romero who climbed the mountain at the age of 13 in 2010.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13281587", "title": "Class XII Goa Board results on May 22", "text": "PANAJI: The Class XII results of the Goa board of secondary and higher secondary education will be declared on May 22 at 4pm, the board announced in a press statement issued on Friday.Students will begin receiving their statement of grades from the afternoon of May 23 onwards. The distribution of statement of grades and the results of HSSC examinations will be done for higher secondary schools in Bardez, Tiswadi, Pernem, Bicholim, Sattari and Ponda at the Goa Board office in Porvorim.The distribution for Canacona, Quepem, Sanguem, Salcete and Mormugao talukas will be done at the south educational zone in Margao. Students can apply for verification of marks in absencia and presencia till June 26. The last date will be June 1 to apply for photocopies of answersheets, revaluation of answersheets and verification of marks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13278694", "title": "Team Rajasthan fail to fire with bat", "text": "HYDERABAD: Floundering Team Hyderabad seemed to have saved their best for the penultimate league engagement against Rajasthan on Friday.Watch IPL Highlights | Scorecard | Match In PicsDravid's Rajasthan, needing two wins from their last two outings, looked in a spot of bother after batting first and posted only 126/8. Hyderabad will be hoping to get the runs, although the hosts again 'dropped' skipper Kumar Sangakkara at the Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium here on Friday.Once Dale Steyn neutralised Ajinkya Rahane's threat, the Rajasthan innings lost momentum. The Mumbaikar, back at second place in the batting charts behind Chris Gayle, was left clueless by the South African pacer and it could have been worse than 20/1 had Shikhar Dhawan and Ashish Reddy not dropped Watson and Dravid off Manpreet Gony.Fortunately for the hosts, it didn't prove costly. Leggie Amit Mishra, battling indifferent form in this tournament, struck at the right time. The first castled Watson and the second got rid of Stuart Binny. A total of 54/3 inside 10 overs was clear indication of the innings straining at the leash, which Mishra so tightly held on to with his first spell of 3-0-13-2. Something had to give as Rajasthan crawled to 61/3 at the halfway mark.Dravid, who held one end up for 53 minutes, succumbed for 39 (36b, 5x4) in his urge to increase the momentum. Ashok Menaria contributed a 17-ball 20 (1x4, 1x6) but Cameron White still had two overs off his pace ace to choke the flow of runs.Johan Botha is no AB de Villiers and when he top edged an intended pull which Steyn did well to hold on to in the penultimate over of the innings, Owais Shah (28, 32b, 1x4) also found the going tough against Veer Pratap Singh. Rajasthan's hopes now hinge on Shaun Tait and Co. If they manage to win this match against Hyderabad, they will still fancy their chances of making the play-offs. Dravid's men will take on Mumbai in the last match of the league.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277498", "title": "No takers for 11L sq ft office space", "text": "MUMBAI: Amid uncertain global economic sentiments and rising borrowing costs, there is some good news for tenants looking to lease office space in Mumbai.Probably for the first time in Mumbai's commercial property market, there are no takers for nearly 1.1 million sq ft, or 11 lakh sq ft of ready office space-the highest level of vacancy in the city. The high vacancy in turn, has put pressure on commercial rental rates which now touch 2006 levels, say property consultants.\"This is the highest quantum of office space lying vacant in the city,'' says Ramesh Nair, managing director (west) of Jones Lang Lasalle , global property consultants.According to Nair, while uncertain economic conditions have companies shying away from leasing space, another reason is the oversupply. \"In a bid to maximize use of the existing land area, developers rushed to avail the incentive floor space index given by authorities under various schemes like information technology parks. With the result that there is a huge amount of space lying vacant and this, in turn, has put pressure on rental rates which is now equal to 2006 levels,'' said Nair. Till 2006, the total stock of Grade-A office space was 29 million sq ft.While the average vacancy across the city is 20.5%, it varied in individual business districts. Nariman Point has a vacancy of 10%, Lower Parel, Worli, Andheri, Borivli and Vikhroli have 24% vacancy, Bandra-Kurla Complex has 16% and the Thane-Belapur region has 28% vacancy.According to property consultants, though rentals are under pressure, many property developers, who are under financial stress, are increasingly opting to selling their office space. \"But, developers are selective in selling their office properties. If they have 100% ownership, they will sell 40% and keep the 60% with them; otherwise they will lose control of the building. Even if they sell half of their buildings, some clients may not like that. So they are balancing all of that,'' said the chairman of a leading consultancy firm.Ackruti City , the Mumbai-based property developer, is selling offices in three of its properties-Ackruti Star, Ackruti Viva and Ackruti Solaris in Andheri through a discounted deferred payment scheme.Wadhwa group, one of the largest unlisted realty companies in Mumbai, has lowered its rental rate as well as selling floors in its soon-to-be finished 'The Capital' project in the Bandra-Kurla Complex. Developers in Lower Parel-Worli belt are not charging six to nine months' deposit to tenants.Phoenix has already sold 80% of office properties in its mixed-use Market City projects in Kurla in Mumbai and Pune, respectively.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13279809", "title": "Accident prone Mumbai-Goa highway", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: The 475 km long Mumbai-Goa highway (NH 17) is very accident prone, going by the frequent number of fatal accidents.The Mumbai-Goa highway has run up the worst accident toll for national highways in the state, accounting for 1,479 deaths in six years from January 2006 to December 2011.While the government efforts are on to make NH 17 into four lane highway, with expansion on between Palaspe in Panvel to Indapur - distance of only 84 km - lives continue to be lost due to fatal crashes which especially take place while motorists dangerously cut lanes to overtake other vehicles.``Due to overtaking, as had happened in the latest fatal mishap in Poladpur on Friday, the drivers are risking a head-on collision as they have to get on to the second lane from where the traffic is flowing in the opposite direction,'' noted a Raigad police official.The local villagers who have to frequently commute on this highway, have held several road demonstrations in order to urge the authorities to quickly make the entire stretch as a safe four-lane highway, instead of the currently existing two lanes.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282867", "title": "NGO given spawn production lab facility for mushroom farming", "text": "GUWAHATI: The CSIR-Northeastern Institute of Science and Technology (NEIST) have allotted a spawn production laboratory at Beltola to Eco Concept, a city-based NGO organization to help the organization with its mushroom farming initiative costing around Rs 25 lakhs.At a time when the non-availability of quality spawn has hit the pace of mushroom farming in the region, the support of the laboratory, which cost around Rs 25 lakhs, will give momentum to the endeavour of the NGO that wants to enhance mushroom cultivation.Eco Concept has a training centre-cum-farm yard for demonstration of mushroom cultivation in the rani development block premises in Kamrup (rural) district. AK Bordoloi, senior scientist of Regional Research Laboratory, Jorhat conducted a two-day training-cum-awareness programme on mushroom cultivation at the NGOs training centre. The programme, which ended on Friday, saw a total of thirty-three women representing five self-help groups from various villages participate in it.Bordoloi emphasized on the potential of commercial mushroom production in the region. \"With the increasing number of people refraining from non-vegetarian food, mushroom is the best alternative because of its high nutritional and calorific constituents,\" said Bordoloi.Speaking on the difficulties in mushroom cultivation, Nilutpal Das, president of Eco Concept said, \"The potential of mushroom cultivation has not achieved the desired pace of growth in the region due to the non-availability of quality spawn, but with the laboratory provided by the CSIR-NEIST, we hope to meet the expectations to the best of our abilities.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13280377", "title": "Agatha Sangma\u2019s campaign for father puts UPA in piquant situation", "text": "NEW DELHI: The candidature of former Lok Sabha Speaker P A Sangma for president has created a piquant situation for the UPA as the north-east leader's campaign -- supported by two anti-Congress chief ministers -- is being actively assisted by his daughter Agatha Sangma who is minister for state for rural development.Being a member of the Manmohan Singh council of ministers has not deterred Agatha from campaigning for her father's cause as she accompanied him to Chennai recently for a meeting with Tamil Nadu chief minister J Jayalalitha. Thereafter, she has spoken on the merits of a tribal leader being elevated to Rashtrapati Bhavan for the first time.For Congress and UPA, Agatha taking up cudgels on behalf of her father may become somewhat embarrassing as the ruling coalition will put up a nominee who will be opposed by Sangma. To have a minister pitching for an opposition candidate for president would precipitate an untenable situation.Not only has Agatha supported her father, the media messages for Sangma's campaign are also being sent by her office. As the presidential campaign gathers momentum and Sangma's backers Orissa CM Naveen Patnaik and Jayalalitha woo parties like SP and BSP, who are supporting UPA, as also Congress allies Trinamool, the incongruity of a minister pitching for an opposition candidate will become starker.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277630", "title": "Woman stabs husband over dowry demand", "text": "BHOPAL: In a bizarre incident, a woman stabbed her husband in the city on Thursday evening. The two have been reportedly fighting over dowry demand from the time they were married. The police have arrested the husband and sent him to jail and the woman, accused of stabbing her husband, is at large.The police said the woman, Ruhi, filed a case of dowry harassment against her husband Arshad, a day earlier. The two again scuffled probably over the same issue in the evening and Ruhi stabbed him on chest with a knife .He sustained minor injuries.Subsequently, Arshad came to the Tila Jamalpura police station and filed a case against his wife. The police said Arshad was later arrested in the dowry harassment case and sent to jail. His wife, Ruhi, who has been booked on charges of stabbing, has yet to be taken into custody.The couple is a resident of Putlighar area of the old city. They got married around three years back and also have a kid. Arshad is a medical representative, the police said, adding that his wife has accused him of demanding dowry.In her complaint, she reportedly stated that she and her family were being pressured for the dowry and they had given money to him and his three sisters, who live nearby, on many occasions in the past. The police said the woman, who had an argument with her husband, stabbed him with a knife in a fit of rage. The stabbing injury was not serious, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13305043", "title": "Baichung Bhutia backs Tolgay Ozbey", "text": "KOLKATA: Tolgay Ozbey, who is involved in a tussle with East Bengal over his move to quit the club and join Mohun Bagan , on Saturday found support from Indian icon Baichung Bhutia , who said that the Football Players' Association of India was behind the Australian forward.\"It's really unfortunate that these things still happen in Indian football. Such things used to happen some 40 years ago during the times of English football. Sad that it's still happening in India,\" Bhutia said on the sidelines of an exhibition match at Howrah Municipal Stadium.\"We at FPAI fully stand by Tolgay. I hope that the AIFF and the IFA resolve the matter within 10 days and take strong action,\" said Bhutia, who is the president of FPAI.East Bengal has claimed that the Aussie forward had signed a voucher with the club and was not a free player.Bhutia was seen in action in the first-half when he led a star-studded Debanjan Sen Foundation XI, who lost to Howrah Mayor's XI by 0-2 margin.Organised in association with the FPAI, the match also saw the likes of Rennedy Singh, Deepak Mondal, Syed Rahim Nabi, Mehtab Hossain, Dipankar Roy, Dipendu Biswas, Arindam Bhattacharya and Abhijit Mondal turning out for team Bhutia.Also seen in action was Tim Brown , the New Zealand midfielder who led his country at the 2009 Confederations Cup in South Africa.The proceeds of the match would go to the Howrah Veterans Club and the Foundation.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "amrtisar", "code": "13302725", "title": "India-Pak trade: Non-availability of rail wagons forces export majors in India to use road route", "text": "AMRTISAR: The non-availability of rail wagons for export of goods to Pakistan has forced export majors in India to send their goods to Pakistan via road route using newly created trade facilities and infrastructures at the Integrated Check Post (ICP).A team of senior officials of the Indian Oil Corporation visited the ICP on Saturday to inspect the available facilities before starting export of plastic granules to Pakistan via road route.An official of the company, on condition of anonymity, told TOI that they had to face various bottlenecks in exporting plastic granules to Pakistan due to non-availability of goods wagons. \"The freight is almost comparable but road route is going to be a better alternative to rail route where we have always faced problems, especially due to scarcity of wagons,\" he said.Pakistan has annual demand of nearly 6 lalkh tons of plastic granules, which is used in various industries spread in and around Lahore . The official said that they were planning to regulate their exports through ICP from next month. Last year, the company had exported twenty-five thousand tons of plastic granules to Pakistan via rail route. \"We are hopeful of a major boost in our exports through land route,\" he said. Pakistan has recently allowed import of plastic granules via road route.Earlier, officials of a significant logistics company from Gurgaon had visited ICP to check the available infrastructure for export of chemicals to Pakistan. Rameshwar, the manager of Central Warehousing Corporation, said that the logistic company had expressed desire to export PTA powder, used in plastic industry, to Pakistan via Attari. PTA powder is manufactured by a Japanese company at its plant in Haldia in West Bengal. \"The company is likely to export 1000 tons of PTA every month,\" he said.Rameshwar said that cotton exporters from Bathinda and Ganga Nagar have also shown keen interest in exporting cotton to Pakistan via road route. \"Now, truckloads of cotton bails are being exported to Pakistan via ICP,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280915", "title": "Green nod for hospital at secretariat complex", "text": "CHENNAI: The AIADMK government's move to convert a block of the new Secretariat complex into a super-specialty hospital has received the much-awaited clearance from the State Environment Impact Assessment Authority (SEIAA), the apex body for environment clearances in the state.The government is now likely to get legal sanction to go ahead with the re-modification plans for the new assembly hall, which was built during the previous DMK regime at a cost of more than 500 crore. The incomplete second block will be used for postgraduation education and research.In its first sitting held on Wednesday, the SEIAA, led by chairman V Thangavelu, cleared the project. Earlier, the nine-member State Expert Appraisal Committee, led by Annamalai University Prof Dr T Balasubramanian, gave its nod on May 11 for the state's proposal to set up a 400-bed hospital in place of the new assembly hall. The complex, a pet project of former chief minister M Karunanidhi, had a grand opening in March 2010 when Prime Minister Manmohan Singh inaugurated it.After the Madras high court stopped the AIADMK government from going ahead with the project to convert the complex into a hospital without the necessary environment clearance, the state government quickly got the endorsement of the Union ministry of environment and forests for a list of members for reconstituting the defunct State Environment Assessment Authority. Armed with the clearances, the government will now approach the court again.Confirming the green nod, a senior government official told TOI, \"We now await orders from the high court to go ahead with the changes to the existing structure. This will be possible once the court reopens in June after vacation.\"The government has plans to set up wards for cardiology and cardiothoracic, neurology and neuro surgery, hand and reconstructive microsurgery, oncology, vascular surgery and post operative and Intensive Care Unit in Block A of the complex. The state plans to use Block B (which was to be a complex to house the offices of the various government departments) for postgraduation education and research.After the AIADMK won the May 2011 assembly elections, chief minister J Jayalalithaa announced in August last that the complex, designed by the German architects, would be turned into a super-specialty hospital. However, the conversion plan hit a legal roadblock in January, when the high court, based on a PIL, restrained it from modifying the building in any manner. The state was told to get environmental clearance for the modifications.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13278217", "title": "Kolkata eye top two finish; Pune seek solace", "text": "PUNE: Hosts Pune and Kolkata cross paths in their last league encounter on Saturday night. On paper, it looks like a classic mismatch. But Sourav Ganguly's men can take heart from the fact that in this format, upsets are usually the order of the day.Though Kolkata have ensured a berth in the playoffs, they would like to beat Pune and jump to 21 points, making it impossible for Bangalore (17) and Mumbai (18) to catch up. If Kolkata beat Pune, they will undoubtedly finish among the top two and win privileges in the playoffs.The last clash between Kolkata and Pune provided Ganguly supporters an opportunity to mock their own city's team at the Eden Gardens. With Pune and Dada being shown their place, it's to be seen if such 'personality' clashes reoccur on Saturday night.Though Ganguly has not been involved in any major cricketing offence this season, he has been an absolutely ordinary batsman (avg 18, strike rate 100). However, this may turn out to be his last IPL game, if the feelers from his franchise are any indication, and a festive atmosphere is likely to prevail.Despite not scoring befitting his status, Ganguly has been among the top four Pune batsmen this season with 263 runs (others: Uthappa 397, Smith 362, Ryder 234). His Kolkata counterpart Gautam Gambhir has scored more than double the runs (546) that of Ganguly and that has influenced this team in a big way.If you think T20 cricket is about boundaries, think again. Pune have hit 180 fours and 58 sixes, more than Kolkata's 166 fours and 55 sixes. But Pune could have been 'relegated', if such a system was in place.Pune's top four bowlers (in terms of wickets) are Nehra (11), Sharma, Dinda (9 each) and Samuels (8). That is 37 wickets between them. Kolkata's top four have taken 52 wickets among them with Narine being runaway leader at 21.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280292", "title": "Cops evict 'unwilling' land losers", "text": "KOLKATA: Nearly 500 policemen were deployed in Uluberia's Amraberia on Friday to forcibly evict some unwilling land owners and sharecroppers who have been protesting against the ITC Ltd's plan to set up a food park.The 18-acre land for this proposed food park in Uluberia (North) had been acquired by the Buddhadeb Bhattacharjee government under the Land Acquisition Act of 1894.However, a portion of it (around 6 bighas) remained disputed as landowners and sharecroppers were against the acquisition and informed that to the Howrah district magistrate, Trinamool's Uluberia MP Sultan Ahmed and chief minister Mamata Banerjee .On Friday morning, locals alleged, nearly 500 policemen arrived in the area and forcibly removed all protesters.\"There was already tension in the area after the arrest of several people who had protested against the forcible acquisition. For the past few days, a contractor engaged by the ITC had been dumping fly ash on the land to level the ground. And it has made life difficult for us. At any moment, the problem could have gone out of hand. However, the agitated villagers were controlled but tension remains,\" said Ganesh Dhali, who owned 2 bighas and used to till 2.5 bighas as sharecropper on the acquired land. Ganesh had made a formal representation against this acquisition.Paritosh Ray, who claims he received a \"no-objection letter\" after he protested the acquisition of his land, said, \"Even after that they forced me out of my land. My paddy crop is still there in the field. Everything has been damaged.\"A local Trinamool leader said, \"Of the 18 acre, there is some problem over only around 6 bighas of land. These were genuine issues and the land-owners hoped they will get back their land since the Trinamool is in power now. Accordingly, they made fresh representation to the Howrah and the chief minister, refusing to part with their land. There was also a playground in the acquired land and all villagers wanted it back. The police action took us completely by surprise.\"CPM's Howrah district secretary Biplab Majumdar said, \"The land had been acquired when the Left Front was in power. And there wasn't any problem. Now, the fly ash dumped there has made life miserable for the local residents. It is difficult to breathe. On Thursday, nearly 40 villagers had complained against it to the Uluberia SDPO. There was no reason to deploy so much police. I think they have some other designs. They also arrested a few farmers last month.\"Industries minister Partha Chatterjee had himself visited the spot on August 31 last year to enquire about reasons for the delay in setting up the food park. A Trinamool leader said, \"This is an underdeveloped region. Only last month, MP Sultan Ahmed helped to bring power connection to the village. Such issues need to be addressed more delicately instead of using police.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13294031", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012: Number of girls cracking exam doubles in a year", "text": "MUMBAI: Each year boys max out seats at the Indian Institutes of Technology. But the count of girls who secured JEE ranks has doubled to 2,886 since the last edition of the exam. Yet, the tech schools will on another front continue to be an unequal world: students from the IIT-Bombay zone (home to Kota) dominate the list of selected candidates. But the southern zone has bagged the credit for having eight of the top 20 rankers, most from Andhra Pradesh.B-town boys have bagged the top ranks: Faridabad's Arpit Agrawal topped the JEE with a score of 385 (out of 401); he is followed by Chandigarh's Bijoy Singh Kochar and Bhilai's Nishanth Koushik.Priya Inala--all-India rank (AIR) 21--from AP is the girls' topper. Science is this Asian Physics Olympiad gold medallist's first love. She is joined by two other girls in the top 100. This year, 1.5 lakh girls took the JEE free of cost. Clearly, the plan to not charge them worked: the headcount of successful girls is exactly double of last year's 1,443.Three boys tied at the score of 369: Jaipur's Nishit Agrawal (AIR 6; Bombay zone topper), Anant Gupta (AIR 7; Roorkee zone) and Kandivli's Manik Dhar (AIR 8; Maharashtra topper). Competition was compounded by the fact that JEE 2012 was tougher than its predecessor. \"The cut-off has dropped to 172. Last time, it was 229. The difficulty level has indeed gone up,\" said Avinash Mahajan, IIT-Bombay's JEE chairman.An analysis of the top 100 students shows that 31 hail from the western zone and 38 from the Madras zone. The Bombay zone also has the highest number of candidates in the top 1,000--294. Of all the seven zones (prepared on the basis of the old IITs), the western region saw the largest pool of students who qualified--4,239. Of these, 491 are girls. As many as 73,351 candidates took the test from this zone.The Madras zone, from where 71,981 candidates sat for the JEE, will send 3,666 candidates to the 15 tech schools.Closer home, only 599 of the 4,696 students who sat for JEE from Mumbai qualified; of the 22,331 who appeared for the exam from Maharashtra, 1,796 made it.Out of 33,057 candidates from Jaipur, many of whom prepared from coaching centres in Kota, 2,677 made the cut. A total of 4.8 lakh candidates appeared for JEE. Of them, 17,462 have been short-listed for the counselling process for admission to the IITs. But 24,112 have secured ranks and can join other colleges that accept JEE scores.JEE chairman G D Reddy said that across India, the report card of reserved category students had improved. \"There will not be any preparatory programme for SC/ST students this year. Only 124 students from the physically challenged category have been short-listed for the preparatory programme.\"Of the 4,805 OBC candidates who qualified, 1,625 made it to the common merit list. Of the 3,464 SC and 654 ST students who qualified, about 300 made it without the handicap of score relaxation.Nishanth Rumandla (AIR 4) is the OBC topper; Zubin Arya (AIR 94) came first on the SC merit list; and Vikas Meena (AIR 642) topped the ST merit list.In all, the 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM, Dhanbad, have 9,647 seats, apportioned as: 4,722 for the general category, 2,101 for OBCs, 434 for minority OBCs, 1,403 for SCs, 708 for STs and 279 for physically challenged students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "tirunelveli", "code": "13278704", "title": "Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project bomb hoax: Special team to nab culprits", "text": "TIRUNELVELI: The Tirunelveli police have formed a special team to investigate and nab the miscreants who sent three bomb threat letters to the Kudankulam Nuclear Power Project (KKNPP).As the letters were suspected to have originated from Kovilpatti area in Tuticorin district, the police have intensified interrogation in the locality. On Friday, three suspects from the locality were inquired by the police. However, an official said that they were probing several persons on suspicion and no one could be pinpointed at this stage. KKNPP had on Tuesday received three bomb threat letters, two addressed to a contract worker working at the plant while was sent to KKNPP officials.The letters written in Tamil and undersigned as Tirunelveli Podhunala Kuzhu ( Tirunelveli Public Welfare Committee) said that two persons have been sent to plant bombs in the nuclear reactor site.The letters coming in the wake of a prolonged agitation by villagers against the nuclear plant created a flurry and security was tightened in and around the plant. The entire plant site was also thoroughly screened by the bomb detected and disposal squads that revealed the letters were a hoax.Police said that though the letters turned out to be a hoax they were probing the case with all seriousness. Initial investigation has revealed that the letters were sent from Kovilpatti area.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13281457", "title": "Retina treatment facility launched at Patna hospital", "text": "PATNA: Medical investigations of retina started here on Friday at the Rajendra Nagar Government Hospital (RNGH), a super speciality eye hospital developed by Bihar government in the state. The facility was launched in collaboration with AIIMS, New Delhi, which has provided technical assistance for the project.Principal secretary, health, Amarjeet Sinha said, \"We had started phacoemulsification eye surgery and glaucoma surgery at RNGH last year. Henceforth, all investigations concerning retina will be conducted at RNGH.\"Dr Naresh Bimbisara of RNGH said Dr Rajyavardhan Azad, chief and professor, Dr Rajendra Prasad Centre for Ophthalmic Science, AIIMS, New Delhi, who is also the chairman of the technical committee formed for the purpose of retina treatment, has extended all possible help to the institute. Laser-induced retinal eye surgery would start shortly at the institute, he added. Sinha said that laser machines had already been installed at the hospital for the purpose.Dr Azad, who was present on the occasion, said, \"AIIMS will provide free training to the doctors and other staff of RNGH to develop the institute as a specialized eye treatment centre. The training will be of seven days to three-month duration.\"The state government will also shortly sign an MoU with the AIIMS, New Delhi, for development of the hospital and exchange of doctors between the two institutes, for which Union health minister has already given his nod. Under the exchange programme, experts will visit the hospital, check patients and conduct operations on given dates.In 2008, in order to provide better eye treatment to the patients of the state, the Bihar government, at a high- level meeting chaired by CM Nitish Kumar , had decided to develop Rajendra Nagar Government Hospital (RNGH) into a ''super speciality eye hospital''. The reason behind opening the super speciality hospital was that people from across the state had to travel to Delhi, Chennai and Amritsar for eye treatment. This hospital would provide them better eye care facilities in the state itself.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13298609", "title": "ICSE and ISC results declared", "text": "NEW DELHI: The results of the ICSE and ISC exams were declared at 3pm on Saturday. The Council for the Indian School Certificate Examinations ( CISCE), which conducts both exams, said that the results were available online as well as on mobile through SMS.Students can log on to http://www.cisce.timesofindia.com and see their individual results. School principals have also been provided passwords to view their school results.If you have a GSM phone, then you can get the results through SMS. For getting ICSE 2012 results, you will have to send your index number to a specified number. If your index number is T/4331/009, then type ICSE T4331009 and send the message to any of the following numbers: 51818, 56263, 58888, 5676750, 56388 and 54242.For getting ISC 2012 results, you will have to follow a similar pattern. So, if your index number is B/8531/009, then type ISC B8531009 and send it to any of the above numbers.Girls have once again outperformed boys in this year's ICSE Class-X and ISC Class-VII examinations.In all, 99.15 per cent girls and 98.19 per cent boys passed the Indian Certificate for Secondary Education (ICSE) exam, while 98.35 per cent girls and 96.36 per cent boys passed the Indian School Certificate (ISC) examination.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278340", "title": "Funds drought keeps North corporation\u2019s swimming pools dry", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swimming pools all over the city have come alive as the temperature keeps rising, but the ones owned by the municipal corporations have no water in them. There are no funds, they say, and no staff either.The corporations own seven swimming pools, of which six are under North Corporation and one with South Corporation. For the upkeep of these pools, an amount of Rs 9 lakh had been earmarked for each corporation. The councillors of North Corporation are unhappy with this seemingly equal distribution of funds. \"Most of the pools are with us and only Rs 9 lakh has been allocated to us. The East Corporation, which has no pool, and South Corporation with only one pool also get the same amount. This is thoughtless planning and allocation of funds. What will the East Corporation do with that amount?\" asks an exasperated Mahender Nagpal, leader of the House in the North Corporation.The councillors say that with the summer sun beating down on the city and schools closing for vacations, people in their area are asking them questions about the non-functional swimming pools which people can access at just Rs 300 per month. \"Swimming pools are open only for three months, and once the rains arrive, the pools will be closed. With this staff crunch, there is no one to solve the problem. When we (councillors) went to ask for funds, the officials weren't there. Who will pump in the water? We don't know,\" said VP Pandey, deputy chairman, standing committee, North Corporation.Some officials say that the problem will be sorted out within 20 days but that is not good enough. \"By the time the officials pump in water, it will be time to close them. The work that should take just a day stretches into months. The laggard corporation should be penalized for the delays and not providing services on time,\" said Rajni Mathur, a resident of Keshav Puram.The corporation pools are located at Nizamuddin, Shalimar Bagh, Prashant Vihar, Keshav Puram, Kachha Bagh, Majlis Park and Rohini.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279686", "title": "Road expansion delay adds to woes", "text": "MUMBAI: Two fatal accidents in four days have put the focus back on the inordinate delay in approving the expansion of the Mumbai-Goa highway.The four-lane expansion involves six phases, of which only two have received the go-ahead till now.Experts believe most of the accidents that have taken place on the highway could have been averted if it had four lanes with proper dividers, like the ones seen on the Mumbai-Pune Expressway or the Pune-Satara-Kolhapur road.The Goa highway has seen around 1,500 deaths and 6,200 accidents in the last six years. These mishaps have also left more than 2,500 victims injured. \"When widening of the Mumbai-Pune and Pune-Satara highways can reduce accidents by around 70% every year, why are the Centre and the state going slow on the development of the equally important Mumbai-Goa highway, which has seen the highest number of accidents and deaths among all national highways in the state in the last six years? Also, if the Centre is not keen, why is the state not developing it on the lines of the expressway?\" argued S M Deshmukh, president of the Mumbai-Goa Highway four-laning action committee.The Rs 4,500-crore expansion project was proposed in 2008, but approval for only an 84-km stretch-of the total 470 km-between Panvel and Indapur came in 2012. Work on the most accident-prone stretches is still awaiting approval. Even if approved soon, say experts, it will take another year or two to get financial and environmental clearances and to complete the tendering process.What's more alarming is that a 20-km stretch in the first phase may not see any expansion as the environment ministry has objected to any work along the Karnala bird sanctuary near Panvel. Asked why the state was not taking up the project on its own, a senior PWD official cited shortage of funds as a reason.According to an official working closely with the National Highways Authority of India ( NHAI), several stretches of the highway along the Kashedi ghat and Sangameshwar are in very poor shape. For instance, road elevation at curves is less than what is required, which leads to vehicles losing balance while taking a turn. \"Also, there are spots where one can't see vehicles coming from the opposite direction as the road surface is uneven,\" he explained. However, a senior PWD official said the situation has improved at some of these spots thanks to markings such as cat's eyes and rumblers.Officials said the number of vehicles using the highway used to be over 60,000 not so long ago. However, over the last four-six years, the number has come down. \"Many motorists use the expressway and then the Satara-Kolhapur road to reach Mahabaleshwar, Sindhudurg and Goa. Though the distance covered on the Goa highway is around 40 km less than the Satara-Kolhapur route, people avoid this road as they put safety over time,\" said Sohrab Poonawallah, a frequent traveler.According to committee members Milind Aastikar and Nagesh Kulkarni, the stretch between Palaspe Phata and the Kashedi ghats in Raigad have nearly 60 accident-prone spots; similar is the case with some other stretches beyond Kashedi. \"But these portions are still being ignored. If no decision is taken on the remaining phases within the next six months, we will stage an agitation,\" said Deshmukh.According to activist Santosh Pawar, around 70% of the deaths occur while taking patients to hospitals in the absence of adequate medical facilities in the vicinity.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300665", "title": "Parents taking initiative to bridge generation gap", "text": "Someone rightly said 'The best way to understand your child is become his friend', and it seems a large number of parents are taking quite inspiration from it .That's probably the reason while earlier they were totally reluctant going to movies with A-certificates for the fear of coming across an embarrassing scene in front of the child, now they are not just breaking that notion, but also going out to enjoy those movies together. They feel these things are important steps to bridge the generation gap.\"It's the basic tendency of youngsters, the more you ask them to not do anything, the more they will land up doing it, so both my husband and I behave like friends to the kids. Instead of avoiding issues we try to explain things to them,\" explains Minisha Tandon, a housewife who belongs to a prominent business family and went to watch 'Hate Story' with entire family recently, adding, \"Whatever they are showing through these movies is part of society, and tomorrow when our kids will grow up and go to work, they might have to face all that, so why should we not take this as an opportunity to explain things to them.\"Something which lawyer Harish Singh, who went to see Jannat-2 with his daughter and son recently, also supports. \"I believe how close and honest our kids are to us largely depends upon how friendly we behave and explain things to them,\" he says and adds, \"All these so called objectionable scenes/things/language are everywhere and you can't run away from it. So I feel it's better if they go with you to watch it. You will be in a better position to monitor and ensure they are moving in the right direction. Agar chup chup ke dekhenge to pata hi nahi chalega ki kya ho raha hai.\"Interestingly, even youngsters have started thinking in the similar way. Ravi Upadhaya, an MBA 2nd year student at a private college, who went to see 'Dirty Picture' with entire family shares, \"Everything depends upon how/what you think. If you take an adult scene or an abusive language scene just like any other scene in the movie, you won't feel embarrassed in front of anyone. It's ultimately your choice to pick up the right thing and leave the wrong ones (foul language) behind. And in our family we do exactly the same.\"This is what individuals had to say, but are families really going in large numbers together is something only experts can substantiate. A senior official at PVR cinemas on the condition of anonymity, as he is not authorized to talk to media, reveals. \"We have seen a significant rise in the number of families coming in to watch movies with A-certificate in the recent past. And because of this family crowd, our occupancy rate in such movies has improved. While earlier it was merely 50-55%, now it has gone up to 75%,\" he adds.Something which another senior official of a group which owns five theaters in the city on the condition of anonymity also supports. \"The average occupancy rate in the last three months for such movies (A-certificate) has gone up by 15-20% at our screens, because of which we have been able to do much better business. The latest example in the row is Jannat-2, which is getting a very good response from families despite having so many adult scenes,\" he says and adds, \"Because of family participation average occupancy rate for these movies has reached 65-70%. Whether it is Dirty picture, Hate Story or any other movie, today families don't hesitate in watching them together.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280506", "title": "IIT-JEE exam: 100 Gujarat board students pass prestigious entrance", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Till now, cracking IIT-JEE was considered to be territory of CBSE and ICSE students. But now, Gujarat board students too are making their presence felt in the prestigious entrance test. Nearly 40-50 per cent of Gujarat board students now appear for All India Engineering Entrance Exam ( AIEEE) and IIT-JEE spending huge amount of money on coaching. Nearly 100 students who have cracked the IIT-JEE this year in Gujarat are from the state board.Arjun Singh Chauhan has got 1st rank in Ahmedabad and all-India 176th rank. He had no expectation to make it to this rank. \"I did not focus on preparations in class 11. But later, with three months of complete concentration, I was able to clear the exam smoothly.\"Jigar Gupta, of St.Xavier's School in Gandhinagar, has scored 556th rank in IIT-JEE exam. \"The starting period of preparation is tough but later it is really easy to cope up. I aspire to become a computer or mechanical engineer,\" said Jigar, who has scored 84 per cent in his class 12.Jyot Antani, a student of C N Vidyalaya, has got 1427th rank. \"Languages like Gujarati and English have same terminologies, it is just about the fear a person carries while communicating. The basic concepts should be clear while preparing for entrance exams; one cannot mug up things,\" he says.Akshat Shah, of St Xavier's School, Ahmedabad, got rank 3845. \"It is an advantage for Gujarat board students as we can focus less on our board exam studies and concentrate more on IIT entrance. I did not leave football till the last day as the game refreshes me for study. I had no passion for IIT but it was just to 'try on'.\" Shah wants to pursue mechanical or computer engineering.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13282128", "title": "Bruhat Bengaluru Mahanagara Palike refuses to collect tax from gated enclave", "text": "BANGALORE: In an unprecedented move, BBMP has declined to collect property tax from residents of a gated co-mmunity, Laughing Waters, in Mahadevapura near Whi-tefield. The Palike cited a BDA directive describing the enclave as illegal.This is alarming news for lakhs of Bangaloreans who own properties in thousands of illegal layouts in and around the city.BBMP said Laughing Waters figures in a BDA list of 127 illegal layouts. Rosanna Daruwalla, who owns a 50 ft x 80 ft plot there, is deeply worried. \"I've paid property tax every year since 1994 when I bought the site. When my mother went to pay tax in April last week to avail the 5% tax rebate, she was told about a notice posted there. It sounds strange not to collect tax,\" Rosanna said.Laughing Waters is an elite gated community offering high-end accommodation including luxurious club, sports unit, gymnasium and swimming pool. Its residents are upset about the illegal tag. A resident who spoke on condition of anonymity, told TOI: \"I'm not bothered about BBMP not collecting tax because it will do so later. But the problem lies with BDA and the revenue department terming the layout illegal.\"Residents admit there's pending litigation over the legitimacy of a part of the enclave. The layout has allegedly encroached upon 8 acres of gomala (grazing land) in Ram8agondanahalli. Those whose plots fall within encroached government land have mov8ed court. But residents wonder why all of them should be tarred with the same brush when legality of some plots is under question.A spokesman of the La-ughing Waters Residents' Association, refused to comme-nt on the iss8ue, saying paying tax is a \"private issue\" which he doesn't want to discuss with the media.KN Devaraju, joint commissioner, Mahadevapura zone, said the issue had been discussed with BDA and me-asures will be taken to collect taxes. \"The entire layout is not illegal and I've written to BDA asking for details of properties wh8ich have allegedly encroa8ched upon on government land. We won't collect tax from those properties. I'm awaiting BDA's reply,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279412", "title": "Mumbai university teachers call off stir, to check papers from today", "text": "MUMBAI: A month-and-a-half long agitation by the Mumbai University teachers finally came to an end on Friday evening with the Maharashtra Federation of University and College Teachers Organization (MFUCTO) withdrawing its boycott against checking papers. MFUCTO has assured that all striking teachers will resume paper checking in all 10 universities across the state from May 19 onwards.\"Teachers across the 10 universities of the state have unanimously decided to call off our strike after getting written as well as moral assurances from the government that our demands will be met. We will also meet the vice-chancellor tomorrow (Saturday) and request him to withdraw any action that the university was planning to take on teachers,\" said Shivajirao Patil, president of MFUCTO, at a press conference held on Friday evening.University teachers across the state had started the agitation in first week of April after repeated attempts to get recognition for non-NET/SLET teachers who were appointed between April1991 and January 2000. \"We were agitated because even after the University Grants Commission (UGC) assured us in writing that these teachers will get their due recognition, the state government refused to accept it. Thousands of non-NET/SLET teachers have not been promoted or received any benefits like other teachers and this agitation was for them,\" added Patil. In a resolution passed in the last week of August 2011, UGC had exempted teachers hired between 1991 and 2000 from clearing the NET/SET exam. The state government, however, refused to accept this resolution. \"Everytime the UGC tried to make its stand clear, the state government had interfered. We are glad that the UGC stood by its decision for the betterment of teachers,\" said Madhu Paranjpe of Bombay University and College Teachers' Union (BUCTU).MFUCTO members also added that the organization had informed the authorities about their agitation three months before but their issue was ignored. \"We don't want to put students' future in danger, so all teachers will resume work from May 19 onwards. This delay wouldn't have taken place had the state government and Mumbai University officials acted on time,\" said Tapati Mukhopadhyay, general secretary of MFUCTO.Teachers were also angry with the varsity for allowing contractual teachers to correct answer sheets. \"Only MU authorities allowed this, all other universities in the state are waiting for the senior teachers to resume work. Paper correction is a serious job and letting inexperienced teachers correct them is putting the student's future at risk,\" said Mukhopadhyay and added that senior teachers will re-correct the already corrected papers if they have to but will ensure that students don't get affected.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283776", "title": "\u2018Dieting is safe for pregnant women\u2019", "text": "LONDON: Doctors usually advise women against dieting during pregnancy. But, a new review of research in the 'British Medical Journal' now claims that it's absolutely safe and doesn't carry risks for the baby. In the review, researchers at Queen Mary, University of London, looked at the findings from 44 previous studies which involved more than 7,000 women to come to their conclusion.The researchers compared diet, exercise or a combination of the two. Dietary advice was based on limiting the calorie intake , having a balanced diet and eating foods such as whole grains, fruits, vegetables and pulses. The researchers then examined how much weight women gained during their pregnancies and if there're complications . While each approach reduced a woman's weight gain ,diet had the greatest effect with an average reduction of 4 kg . With exercise, the average reduction in weight gain was just 0.7 kg. A combination of diet and exercise led to an average reduction of 1 kg , 'BBC' reported.Women following a calorie-controlled diet were less likely to develop each of the complications considered. Dr Shakila Thangaratinam , who led the study, said: \"Obesity during pregnancy puts women and their babies are at high risk of complications. Weight control is difficult but this study shows that by advising women on weight management methods, especially diet, we can reduce weight gain during pregnancy . It also has potential to reduce the risk of a number of pregnancy complications.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13301884", "title": "Rishi\u2019s special act in Chhal Sheh Aur Maat!", "text": "'Chhal Sheh Aur Maat' gets more interesting with new twists and turns to the storyline.With Aditi aka Neha's impeding wedding to Kabir Jaiswal (Avinesh Rekhi), the entire Jaiswal household is eagerly waiting for this auspicious day, especially Kabir's younger brother Ranveer (Karan Goddwani) who along with his uncle is trying to bring Kabir's secret to the forefront.As Rishi manages to escape from Karan's (Dev Keswani) clutches, he discovers posters of himself all over town declaring that he's gone missing. A quick and alert Rishi manages to contact Ranveer and the two plan a surprise for Aditi aka Neha (Hunar Hali) and Kabir. Rishi will make his entry into the Jaiswal house on Kabir and Aditi's wedding day.But will he be successful in stalling their marriage, especially when Neha's still his legally wedded wife?", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277850", "title": "Take special care of students ahead of board results, say counsellors", "text": "BHOPAL: Counsellors have advised parents to take special care of students ahead of board results. They shouldn't also be left alone. There should not be any blame game after the results.\"This is a critical time when parents' can play an important role. Whatever be the result, it is important to stress that they love the child,\" counsellor Preeti Mathur with Aadhar said.She explained how some parents start threatening their children with dire consequences prior to the results. \"It is important that they remain cool, otherwise the atmosphere at home get tense. Sometimes silence is more effective than using harsh or tough words to a teenager.\"MPBSE helpline counsellor Shabnam Khan feels it is vital that students are not left alone at this time as loneliness may trigger emotions.\"Parents should monitor their child's behavioural changes during this time. Timely intervention is important to avert any untoward circumstance,\" Khan said.Mathur also said prior to the commencement of board exams some schools had sought help as their students had fared poorly in the pre-board exams.\"A lot of students were scared because of the parental expectations. Some others are apprehensive about 'what next,\" she said.Both counsellors opine that it is better that both parents and youngsters keep realistic goals as the results are almost there and cannot be changed.\"There should be no preaching at home or the child's surroundings as till about a week after results are declared it is most critical for child's psyche,\" said Mathur.\"Also, a lot of times even if there is no parental or societal pressure, students worry themselves silly about the future and what it holds for them,\" she added.Khan also highlighted that not just the class XII examinees, but class X students also are stressed as there is a pressure of choosing right subjects which is again crucial for higher studies.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "gandhinagar", "code": "13280644", "title": "Coast Guard's expansion plan flounders in 'unsafe' Gujarat", "text": "GANDHINAGAR: Indian Coast Guard's five-year capacity expansion plan for its North West Regional Headquarters in Gandhinagar has hit a roadblock. Sophisticated equipment like radars and sensors are lying boxed-up with no space to be deployed. A reason for this is indecision on the part of Gujarat Government to allot land to the country's youngest armed force, which had set up the regional headquarters (NW) here after the terror attacks in Mumbai on November 26, 2008.Gujarat government is yet to allocate 65 acre land requested by Indian Coast Guard for its regional heaquarters (NW) and take decisions with regard requests for land in coastal areas including Jakhau, Mundra, Okha, Porbandar, Veraval and Pipavav. Up to ten requests are under re-evaluation or pending approval at various levels from district collectorate to cabinet, sources said.The ICG had asked for just 7000 square metres of land to construct an approach road in Jakhau. ICG did not get its possession even after it had paid Rs 4 lakhs in 2011 to authorities concerned as the cost of the land is being further re-evaluated. Two letters from ICG requesting the state government for waive off have not elicited any response.In Pipavav, ICG paid Rs 40 lakhs for 16,000 sq metre of land in March 2012 but the allotment has been cancelled by Amreli district collector citing that the plot was gauchar land. Even in cases where ICG had made the payments for land, re-evaluations are underway and interest is being asked for by the state government for pending payments. There is no provision for interest payment between Centre and state governments on pending amounts, the sources said.Contrast this with Gujarat Government's writ petition in Supreme Court on April 7, 2012. It had submitted that it was vulnerable to terrorism and infiltration owing to its proximity to Pakistan and a porous 1,600 km long coastline. The state drew comparisons with Jammu &amp; Kashmir, Punjab in the 1980s and West Bengal in the 1970s.Principal Secretary (Revenue) CL Meena did not comment as he was tied up at a collectors conference. Additional secretary Hemendra Shah did not return calls.Indian Air Force in 2006 had requested for an additional 100 acre of land contiguous to its South Western Air Command HQ in Gandhinagar. The rate offered was Rs 7200 per sq metre before allotment at Rs 1,100 per sq metre.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "london", "code": "13283930", "title": "Indian-origin man is first Muslim mayor of UK town", "text": "LONDON: Indian-origin councillor Abdul Razak Osman has become the first Lord Mayor of the Islamic faith to hold the high office in the multi-cultural town of Leicester, which has a large minority of Indian origin people. Osman was born in Kenya and arrived in the UK in 1971. His late father Yousuf Razak worked on the East African Railway, and worked for a local engineering firm after moving to Leicester.The Lord Mayor is Leicester's first citizen and has a high profile role maintaining and promoting the interests of the city and its citizens , by attending a variety of civic engagements during the year. Leicester previously had Hindu and Sikh Lord Mayors, but Osman is the first Muslim to hold the high office. Incidentally, the office of the Deputy Lord Mayor of Leicester is also held by an Indian-origin councillor, Mustafa Kamal , who hails from Ferozepur, Punjab.Osman has worked with several charity organizations and was instrumental in fundraising to build two villages and a school in Kutch, Gujarat for orphaned children, following an earthquake in 2011.PIO elected to city council in TexasAfter several months of consistent campaigning, Indian-American Himesh Gandhi has been elected to a city council in the US state of Texas. Gandhi, 35, elected to an 'At Large' seat on the the Sugar Land City Council, received 2,468 votes (52.11%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kohima", "code": "13282774", "title": "Nagaland school education department assures fair recruitment", "text": "KOHIMA: The Nagaland school education department has assured that it will take necessary steps to conduct the teachers' recruitment process in a fair and transparent manner.In its release submitted to the department of information and public relations (DIPR), the department and SCERT stated that it has worked out the modalities to ensure the recruitment of deserving candidates in the Primary and Graduate Teachers recruitment drive. The department of school education is recruiting primary and graduate teachers for 2744 posts.The government has directed all the District Recruitment Boards to keep the marks obtained by the candidates in the written exam in sealed envelopes. The sealed envelopes will only be opened in the presence of all the selection board members after the oral interview of the candidate. This is to maintain transparency in the tabulation of the final results.The final result will be declared by the District Recruitment Board in order of merit. The results will be declared on May 15 simultaneously in all the districts. The release said the district selection boards have been instructed to conduct the interviews in all fairness and to ensure that only the best among the qualified candidates are selected for appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281502", "title": "Two multi-utility vehicles stolen in Nashik on Thursday", "text": "NASHIK: Two multi-utility vehicles (MUVs) were reported stolen from different parts of the city on Thursday. An MUV worth Rs 5 lakh belonging to Madhukar Sonawane was stolen between 12 midnight and 7am on Thursday from Makhamalabad Road. The car, belonging to Madhukar Sonawane of Panchavati, was parked in front of his house.Another MUV, belonging to Pranjali Patil, was stolen on Thursday from Sainath Nagar. Pranjali Patil of Dream Row House, Sainath Nagar said that the vehicle was stolen when parked in front of her house. The case is being investigated by the Indiranagar Police.Four injured in mishaps: Four people were injured in two separate road accidents in the city. Umakant Jadhav was injured when a speeding car hit his bike from behind near Swami Narayan police chowky on Thursday. Also, two bikes collided with each another near Mahadev Nagar, Makhmalabad Road, on Wednesday. Kiran Jadhav in his police complaint said a biker collided with his bike while attempting to overtake a rickshaw, injuring himself as well as Kiran Jadhav and his relative, who was riding pillion.Burglary at Govind Nagar: Cash and jewellery, totally amounting to Rs 5.20 lakh, was stolen at Motkari Enclave, Govind Nagar, from the house of Nilesh Bhakre (36) at Govind Nagar between 10.00 am and 8.45 pm by breaking the lock and latch of the flat and stole jewellery and cash totally amounting to Rs 5.20 lakh. The Ambad Police are investigating the case.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "karnal", "code": "13278239", "title": "Foreign student injured while resisting snatching attempt in Karnal", "text": "KARNAL: A female foreign student, pursuing her PhD in dairy technology from National Dairy Research Institute (NDRI), received serious injuries in a snatching attempt by two miscreants here on Thursday evening.The incident took place on Mall Road, a short distance from the residences of SSP and DC.The victim, Narayani Mudraigrejbiji Narayan Kumar, 42, is a resident of Zeera Kudwa area of Sri Lanka . She had got herself registered for PhD in dairy technology in 2009 at NDRI.Superintendent of police, Karnal, Shashank Anand, said that a case has been registered against unidentified persons on the basis of her statement.Narayani was going back to the international hostel of NDRI from the local market in a rickshaw when the incident took place.According to Shakshi, a friend of Narayani, the victim advertently refused to give in to the attempt made by the miscreants and in the scuffle that followed, she was pushed from the rickshaw. As she fell, her head hit the road, making her unconscious. She was taken to the trauma centre at civil hospital from where she was referred to a private hospital. A doctor said that Narayani had received 10 stitches on the forehead.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13279668", "title": "Godavari supply still a pipe dream", "text": "HYDERABAD: Two unusual developments greeted the city residents at the onset of summer this March. The fi rst was that the kiosks that dot the arterial roads offering earthen pot-cooled drinking water to the parched passers-by were conspicuous by their absence, save for the few-odd ones run by NGOs. The second was that the netas of the city, who do not miss a single opportunity to derive political mileage from people-interactive public events, did not dare to be seen at the Racha Banda programme that were held all over the city.Intended to be an event where public representatives and offi cials meet local residents and attend to their day-to-day civic problems, the presence of scores of angry women carrying empty pots and eager to confront the local legislator over the shortage of drinking water in the city ensured that the MLAs including many ministers did the vanishing trick.In fact, the acute drinking water crisis in the city started early this summer and only worsened in the coming weeks. Even city offi cials admit that only the generosity of the rain gods would determine how much the problem would ease. Adding to the misery of residents is that the much promised water from the Krishna (Phase III) and Godavari rivers to Hyderabad (that sees a daily infl ux of about 5,000 people) is still in the making. \"The city drinking water projects have lingered on for over a decade now without providing the much needed succor. Not only have they not alleviated the drinking water shortage, but have also turned the roads into a mess with their constant digging for laying the water pipelines,\" said M Raghavendra Rao, a Himayatnagar resident.Mandated to provide drinking water to about 80 lakh residents in the GHMC area and 12 surrounding municipalities, the Hyderabad Metropolitan Water Supply and Sewerage Board (HMWSSB) is supplies about 340 Million Gallons Daily (MGD) when the demand is around 460 MGD. Of this, Krishna water Phase I and II is supplying the maximum of 180 MGD followed by Singur (75 MGD), Manjira (45 MGD), Osmansagar (25 MGD) and Himayatsagar (15 MGD).While the Godavari drinking water project is expected to provide 172 MGD, Krishna water project Phase III is meant to supply 90 MGD of water. \"If both of these happen, the city's drinking water problems will evaporate and there will be surplus water to take care of the increasing population for at least another decade,\" said a water board offi cial. However, like most projects involving the offi cialdom, the Godavari and Krishna Phase III have kept the city residents dry and hanging for the last three years.At a cost of Rs 3,375 crore, the Godavari Drinking Water Supply Project, also called the Maulana Abul Kalam Hyderabad Srujala Sravanthi Scheme Phase I, aims to draw water to the city from Yellampalli Barrage in Karimnagar by laying a 186 kmlong water pipeline. The project was meant to be ready by 2010, but fi nancial problems and delays in land acquisition have led to offi cials giving December 2013 as its new date. Till date, only 76 km of the 186 km project has been laid. Alwal, Qutuballapur, Rajendranagar, Kukatpally, Seri Ligampally, Secunderabad Cantonment, Kapra and Malkajgiri GHMC circles stand to get drinking water once the Godavari project is ready.Compared to the Godavari project, the Krishna drinking water phase III is even far away from being implemented. At a cost of Rs 1,670 crore, 90 MGD of water is to be drawn from the Krishna river through the Alimineti Madhava Reddy (AMRP) project from the Akkampally balancing reservoir. No timeline has been drawn for this project as the Hyderabad water board is still to secure fi nancial assistance though it is in talks with HUDCO.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13291776", "title": "Siddharth has more followers than Mahesh Babu", "text": "Mahesh Babu, many consider is the undisputed king of BO collections in Tollywood. But in the world of Twitter, he is a fair distance away from Siddharth who has just crossed a new milestone as far a his online popularity goes. He is the first Tollywood star to have crossed the magical 4,00,000 mark on Twitter. The \"Love Failire\" star has over 4,00,000 followers on Twitter, more than any other star in Telugu cinema. Mahesh Babu with over 3,41,000 followers stands a distant second. Mahesh is followed by Ram Charan Tej with over 2,01,000 followers and his good friend Rana Daggubati has over 2,38,801 followers. Looks like it is going to take some beating to get beyond Siddharth.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "indore", "code": "13278330", "title": "Flying to Thailand gets easier", "text": "INDORE: Planning vacations in Thailand is now going to get much easier. After witnessing potential tourists from the state, the Royal Thai Consulate has opened its visa application and processing centre in the city, which will facilitate people to obtain visa without much hassles.Teerapong Vanichanon, deputy consul general of Thai consulate said, \"Last year, nearly 10,000 tourists from MP visited Thailand. As city holds its importance in that western region and keeping in mind the flow of tourists to Thailand, we have outsourced visa application processing works for city.\"\"We are expecting a rise of 15-20 per cent in tourists flow from the city after opening of the centre. With the services in the city, visa can be processed within five working days,\" he added. The centre will allow people to avail services at nominal cost of Rs 185 apart from visa application fee of Rs 2,000 for single entry and Rs 4,000 for double entry respectively. The centre will facilitate in visa tracking through chargeable SMS service as well.The consulate has outsourced the work to Cox and Kings Global Services.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280378", "title": "Bengal top 10 can't impress at IIT-JEE", "text": "KOLKATA: The tradition of rankers in WBJEE failing to make it to the top 100 of the IIT-JEE merit list continues. Only one from West Bengal - Diptarka Hait of Salt Lake School who came 69th- made the cut. Diptarka has secured 16th position in WBJEE. Last year, too, he had taken WBJEE and had been placed fourth.\"He was studying in Class XI then and had taken the exam only to assess his preparation,\" said his mother Banibarna. Diptarka, however, is not eager to take up a seat either in the IITs or in the state engineering colleges. \"He has already bagged a seat at MIT in the US. He will fly out of the country in August. His SAT score was exceptionally good and helped him clinch a full scholarship. Diptarka will study chemistry and later pursue research,\" she added.Aditya Bhutra is the second best performer from the state in the IIT entrance with a rank of 169. \"I am very happy with my rank. It is time to celebrate,\" smiled Aditya, who wants to study computer science at IIT Kharagpur or Kanpur. He is also waiting for his AIEEE results. \"I have no words for what he has achieved. It is stupendous,\" said Rajendra Bhutra, Aditya's father who is an industrial planner.Dipanjan Kundu, the WBJEE 2012 topper, ranked 337th in IIT-JEE. \"I want to study computer science at IIT Bombay as it is the best technology college among all,\" said Dipanjan. He is waiting for AIEEE results before making a final choice. Dipanjan enrolled at a coaching centre at Kota, Rajasthan, to ensure good result in IIT-JEE.Souvik Chakraborty, who ranked second in WBJEE, ranked 558th in IIT-JEE. \"I had expected better results because I had prepared very hard this time. I should have done better in mathematics. If I get to study physics in any of the IITs, I shall take the seat. I am also waiting for my IISc results. It is my first choice,\" he says.Raja Majhi, who ranked 3rd in WBJEE, secured 7,406th place in the IIT entrance test. He too is not pleased with his result. \"I have not thought about which college I want to join but I'd prefer to study electrical engineering. I will now wait for my AIEEE rank as well as my higher secondary results before taking the final call,\" he says.Fourth ranker in WBJEE Soumya Sanyal has secured 617th position in IIT-JEE. He wants to study electrical engineering in either IIT Kharagpur, Kanpur, Delhi or Chennai. \"I will opt for the IITs and do not plan to study in a state engineering colleges,\" he said.Sandip Sinha of St James School has secured 1,523rd rank in the IIT entrance. \"I was expecting the rank since I had calculated and found out my mistakes,\" Sinha says. He now wants to wait for his AIEEE results before zeroing in on a college. \"I will take up computer science,\" he said.Sixth ranker in WBJEE, Arnab Ghosh of Jamshedpur, has secured a rank of 267 in IIT-JEE and now wants to study computer science in IIT Kanpur or IIT Delhi. \"I will opt to study in the IITs for sure,\" he said.A student of Basirhat High School, Arnab Dutta ranked 8th in the state JEE but secured the 5905{+t}{+h} rank in IIT-JEE. \"I want to study mechanical engineering at IIT, Kharagpur or Jadavpur University. If my rank in IIT does not allow me to get a berth in my desired stream, then JU will be the place I would want to study,\" he said.Koushik Chattopadhyay, ninth ranker in WBJEE, has ranked 594th in IIT-JEE and now wants to study electrical or mechanical engineering, depending on the choice he gets through counselling. \"My family believes my rank should have been better,\" says Chattopadhyay who lives in Garia.Saibal Deb from Bankura Zilla School secured 2,816th rank in the IIT entrance. He ranked 10th in WBJEE. \"I want to go for general science courses and take up physics. Later, I shall pursue research,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280240", "title": "Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation to cut down its street light bills, stabilize voltage fluctuations", "text": "AHMEDABAD: One of the biggest power guzzlers that has been draining public funds in the recent past has been the city street lights. With varying voltages, the Ahmedabad Municipal Corporation (AMC) had fought towering electricity bills by staggering of street lights and using efficient electrical products. But then for the first time the AMC will install power saver devises in its street light to stabilize voltage fluctuations to reduce power bills by 28 to 31 per cent.It has been generally observed that voltages are 230-240 volts at 7 pm when street lights are on while by 8 pm the voltages come down to 230 and by 10 pm the voltage go higher to 245 volts and by 12 pm it rises to 250 volts. \"This wide fluctuation in electricity is detrimental to our equipments and also generates large electricity bills. The trick to reduce this was to install street light voltage stabilizers that step down the voltage to 210 or 215 volts. This reduces our bills,\" says AC Shah of the street light department in AMC.Nearly 20 companies will demonstrate their energy savers to the AMC over the next 10 days. \"We plan to install energy savers for more than 10,000 street lights in the west zone to start with. This will go a along way in reducing our billas by nearly 32 per cent,\" says Shah. The AMC had earlier done a detailed study on the voltage fluctuation patterns at different times of the day for few months. \"The voltage fluctuations are widely because of the consumption patterns of the surrounding industrial belts,\" says Shah.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bijapur", "code": "13283296", "title": "Debt-ridden farmer hangs himself in Bijapur village", "text": "BIJAPUR: A debt-ridden farmer hanged himself from a tree on Thursday at Huvin Hipparagi village. Gurulingappa Erappa Kallappagol, 47, had availed of loan from various banks. He had taken loans from Basaveshwar Cooperative Bank to the tune of Rs 1.5 lakh to improve his onion and Bengal gram crops. Unable to repay his loan following crop losses, he took the extreme step, Basavana Bagewadi police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280857", "title": "Wait till June to fly from new terminal", "text": "LUCKNOW: Flyers will have to wait till June to fly from the new terminal of Lucknow airport which is though scheduled to get inaugurated by civil aviation minister Ajit Singh on Saturday. The fact came to light during its inspection by top brass of Airport Authority of India (AAI) on the eve of its inauguration on Friday.Speaking to reporters, AAI chairman V P Agarwal said that the terminal will get operational probably in the first week of June. \"The shifting of offices of the airlines and the airport staff will take some more days,\" he said. He maintained it to be more of a compulsion than a practice. \"We also need to check all security measures before the new terminal gets finally operational,'' Agarwal said. It is the old building which houses the office of airport staff including the director and the commandant of the Central Industrial Security Force (CISF). He said that the authority will also be assessing the possibility of expansion of the new terminal as per the requirement. The old terminal, he said, will also be renovated subsequently. For that, the authority is likely to take a decision in another six months time. He added that the entire passenger load will subsequently be transferred to the new building.The AAI issued a detailed account of the new terminal building. According to the description, the terminal will be equipped with all security paraphernalia besides state-of-the-art facilities for the passengers. On entering the ground floor of the building, passengers will come across nearly two dozen check-in counters, ATM machines, a childcare room and a toilet on the left side. On the right side, there are four shops, a VIP lounge and a smoking zone. One will also find a restaurant close to the shops and the VIP lounge.The arrival zone has immigration counters. There will be six immigration counters packed in three rows of two counters each. Once through, the international passengers will be able to move on the ground floor or may take the escalator and go to the first floor.Further right is the dedicated arrival zone with six more immigration counters for the arriving international passengers. A couple of stores and a duty-free shop are also situated here. On the extreme right are the three conveyor belts that bring passengers' luggage. These will be special conveyors belts in which the baggage will be dropped from a small tunnel situated in the centre.Two more escalators are situated around the arrival zone. They can be used both by the departing as well as the arriving passengers to move up to the first floor. Behind them are the gates through which passengers will be taken to the air site area for boarding the aircraft.The first floor is largely more open and will have a VIP lounge, a spa, two smoking zones, a couple of stores/shops and three duty-free shops. The escalator leads one to a gallery with walls painted in white and its slanting edges painted in shades of saffron and dark brown colour. The gallery has a glass partition with the other side being a pathway that leads to the two aero bridges. The aero bridges are essentially concrete structures painted in white, with a flexible steel frame, protruding into the air site area. Passengers will be able to walk into the aircraft directly from here. All the basic terminal utility facilities are situated in the basement. It has the air-conditioning housing units (AHUs), generators and other electrical equipment.AAI officials said that the terminal will have in all 35 flight information systems installed all over. \"A strong surveillance mechanism has already been placed. There will be CCTV cameras all over to keep a hawk's eye on the movement of passengers,'' an official said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282232", "title": "Red Eagle Division returns after 'Shoorveer' exercise", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The Red Eagle Division returned to its permanent location after completion of exercise 'Shoorveer', which was held from mid April to mid May 2012. In the exercise, all formations of Jaipur-based Sapta Shakti Command and formations of Indian Air Force participated.On May 2, 2012, the chief of army staff (COAS), general V K Singh had reviewed the conduct of 'Shoorveer' exercise.The COAS was briefed on the training aspects, concepts of warfare being tried and the conduct of the exercise.The exercise displayed synergy of Army and Air Force in launching air-land battle and the capability to orchestrate battle in network centric environment with integration of reconnaissance, surveillance, electronic warfare and communication assets to provide real time battle situational awareness to commanders.The chief of army staff congratulated lieutenant general Gyan Bhushan on the battle readiness of the formation and validation of concepts of warfare.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278867", "title": "Four suicides reported in 24 hours in Nagpur", "text": "NAGPUR: A spate of suicides was reported since Thursday morning till late on Friday night from different areas of the city. Four persons, including two women and a cop, committed suicide by hanging themselves.The first incident was reported early on Thursday morning at Civil Lines. Mayuri Khandare (25), who was staying in the outhouse of Justice CS Dharmadhikari's bungalow at Civil Lines, hanged herself from the ceiling fan at around 7am. Khandare had a love marriage with one Manish three years ago. Manish works as a driver in a private company.Police said Manish's relatives works at Dharmadhikari's bungalow and through his reference, Manish was allotted a room at the outhouse.Early in the morning Manish had gone to buy breakfast from a nearby shop. Mayuri's mother-in-law had gone to a neighbouring house and her three-year-old daughter was fast asleep when Mayuri took the extreme step.Manish returned 10 minutes later and saw Mayuri hanging. Neighbours said Mayuri was still breathing when Manish brought her down and was rushed to GMCH. They claimed the hospital authorities delayed treatment, causing her death at around 6pm.The relatives said the couple never had any arguments between them. No suicide note was recovered, so cops as well as family are clueless about the reason for the suicide. Sadar police have registered a case of accidental death.In another incident, police staffer Indradev Yadav (40) hanged himself from the bars of the window at his residence in Prashant Society under the jurisdiction of Gittikhadan police station. Yadav was working as a driver in police motor vehicle department.According to the police, after his duty, Yadav came home in the afternoon. He told his family that he was going to sleep and locked his room. Yadav's brother, who went to call him, found him hanging from a nylon rope. Police said Yadav's wife had gone to her relative's house and his son and daughter were present at home. No suicide note was found from his room.Yadav's father is a retired cop and his two younger brothers are also employed in police department. The family members as well as his colleagues were clueless why he committed suicide.Meanwhile, at Ajni, depressed over his financial condition, a suspended NMC employee Nirmalsingh Suryavanshi (40) ended his life by hanging himself from a ceiling fan at his residence in New Dyaneshwar Nagar under the jurisdiction of Ajni police station. Police recovered a suicide note written in Marathi.\"Since the hand writing is not clear, we have sent the suicide note to writing experts. However, through the first two lines we could understand that the note conveys he was facing financial problems,\" said police.Suryavanshi was working in tax department of NMC. Two years ago, he was suspended for some reason. His 74-year-old uncle Vitthal Singh Sinodia found him hanging at around 5pm. His wife had been to her maternal house since last week. Sinodia had gone to a nearby shop when Suryavanshi took the step.Sources said that Suryavanshi had been caught taking bribe and suspended. Since then he become addicted to liquor and would spend all his money on alcohol. Sinodia told police that a hearing had been scheduled in Suryavanshi's case in the next few days.In another incident, contractor Anant's wife Madhuri Jagnit (25) was found hanging from a ceiling fan at her Doye layout residence late on Thursday night. The couple has a eight-month-old daughter. No suicide note was found from the spot. Cops said they are clueless about the reason for the suicide.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13294915", "title": "BSY distances further from BJP", "text": "BANGALORE: Continuing to distance himself from his 40-year old party, former chief minister B S Yeddyurappa on Saturday said he will not be attending the BJP's national executive committee meeting scheduled to be held next week.I am unhappy with the way the central leadership has handled the Karnataka BJP's issue. All these days I was asking the party bosses to make me either the CM or state party president. Henceforth, I will not make any demands,'' Yeddyurappa told reporters at his new public contact office started by him.Giving examples of BJP leaders such as Jaswant Singh , who were marginalised by the party, Yeddyurappa blamed party's national general secretary Ananth Kumar for keeping him out. Even in Parliament, its just Kumar or of his supporter MPs who get a chance to speak in the House ,'' he added.Dismissing reports of his joining Congress, Yeddyurappa said he will tour the state for the time being. At an appropriate time, I will take an appropriate decision, but will not join any national party,'' he maintained.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13305863", "title": "Delegation from PM office meets seers amidst mob fury", "text": "VARANASI: The Prime Minister office sent its joint secretary Shatrughan Singh and Clean Ganga Mission director Rajiv Sharma to the city on Saturday to hold talks with the Ganga warriors. However, the delegation had to face massive protest by supporters of the Ganga Seva Abhiyanam. The messengers left the city for Delhi with an assurance to provide information about the PMO's decision on the outcome of their meeting with Swami Gyan Swarup Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand Saraswati within 24 hours.The PMOs joint secretary Shatrughan Singh and Clean Ganga Mission director Rajiv Sharma had arrived in the city as the PM's messengers on Saturday. Initially the two, along with the officials of the district administration and UP Jal Nigam, visited Shri Vidya Mutt on Kedar Ghat to hold a closed door meeting with Swami Sanand.During the over-an-hour-long meeting with Sanand, the officials discussed several policy matters, though they refused to disclose any point of the discussion. It was stated that they also asked the reasons from Swami Sanand regarding his denial to attend the meeting of the National River Ganga Basin Authority held under the chairmanship of PM in New Delhi on April 17.Later, in late afternoon, they visited the SPG Divisional Hospital to ask after the health condition of other seers including Devi Purnamba, Brahmchari Krishnapriyanand and Gangapremi Bhikshu. With the spread of the news regarding their hospital visit, scores of Save Ganga Movement activists gathered in and around the hospital. When the officials entered the office of the superintending-in-chief of the hospital's office for holding another closed door meeting with Swami Avimukteshwaranand, the supporters started raising slogans outside the meeting venue.The meeting continued for more than 90 minutes after which a high drama ensued on the hospital campus. The Save Ganga Movement supporters, including women and members of minority community, became livid when Swami Avimukteshwaranand informed that the officials had tried to know the problems being faced by the Ganga and their solutions.On seeing their anger, Shatrughan Singh tried to calm the agitators. But, as the official expressed his inability to reveal or promise more, the agitators went on a rampage. While some of them grabbed his legs, most of them sat in front of the cars to stop the officials from being taken to the airport. When this high drama continued for several minutes and the Lahurabir-Maidagin Road also got blocked, the district officials appealed to Swami Avimukteshwaranand to help control the mob. The situation normalised when the seer intervened and the movement supporters allowed the officials to go, but only after issuance of an assurance of being informed of PMO decision within 24 hours.Regarding the points discussed during the meeting, Swami Avimukteshwaranand said the PMO officials were seeking details of the problems being faced in keeping the Ganga clean and also tried to know their solutions. The officials did not make any comment on any issue, he said, but they said all the messages and concerns of the seers, including Swami Sanand and Swami Avimukteshwaranand, would be conveyed to the Prime Minister, after which the report of further developments would also be passed on to the seers.Swami Avimukteshwaranand said while discussing the policy matters, the officials raised concerns like, if compromises were made on the issue of the Ganga, similar demands could be raised for other rivers in future. But, he said, the officials were informed, like the honour paid to the National Flag as per the law is not applicable to other flags, the compromises made for saving the Ganga cannot become an example for other rivers. He said the Ganga was deeply associated with the faith and civilization of the country, hence it should be saved at any cost.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "panaji", "code": "13295486", "title": "Goa zoo to have aviaries for wetland, terrestrial birds", "text": "PANAJI: Goa's lone zoo tucked in Bondla wildlife sanctuary will soon have birds on display in two aviaries, designed for wetland and terrestrial birds.Deputy conservator of forest (wildlife) DNF Carvalho told PTI that the aviaries are planned as a part of the zoo's infrastructure upgradation, which is prominently funded by Union government's Central Zoo Authority (CZA).This would be for the first time that this facility would be displaying birds, since its inception in 1969. Bondla zoo, situated 60 kms away from Panaji , has been housing only wild animals and reptiles, with no separate enclosure for birds, except Peacock.The zoo is tucked inside Bondla wildlife sanctuary, one of the smallest sanctuaries in the state. Carvalho said the wetland and terrestrial birds would be kept in two separate sophisticated aviaries in the zoo, creating a near natural living condition for them.The state forest department will be studying a model of aviaries from other zoos in the country, which could be emulated here. The exhibits here would be of the same climatic condition, he said, adding that the migratory birds would not be displayed in the aviary.The wetland birds will have aviary with the water body inside while terrestrial bird will be in the aviary replicating their environmental conditions. Carvalho said the forest department is yet to decide on how many species of birds would be kept in the aviary.Bondla zoo is currently undergoing Rs 20 crore upgradation, which is mainly funded by the CZA. The project which began two years back includes beautification and providing better facilities at this zoo, which has also been a major tourist attraction.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300387", "title": "'Non smoker' Donna Summer died of lung cancer", "text": "Disco legend Donna Summer's family has confirmed that the singer lost her battle to lung cancer but her condition 'was not related to smoking' .Summer, popularly known as the Queen of Disco, died at the age of on Thursday.\"Ms. Summer was a non-smoker. Obviously, numerous factors can be attributed to the cause of cancer in general, but any details regarding the diagnosis and subsequent treatment of Ms. Summer's case remain between her family and team of doctors,\" US magazine quoted the family as saying in statement.A private memorial will be held for Summer on Wednesday, May 30, in Nashville, Tennessee .The 'Last Dance' crooner moved to Nashville the mid-1990s.\"While we grieve her passing, we are at peace celebrating her extraordinary life and her continued legacy,\" the family said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13276808", "title": "Smaller overseas delegation added to austerity move", "text": "NEW DELHI: After finance minister Pranab Mukherjee's promise of austerity, his officials are set to dig out the annual circular and dispatch it to all ministries.\"In order to adhere to the fiscal targets set in the budget and for better expenditure management, government may issue orders for strict compliance of orders issued in the previous year for enforcing 10% cut in budgetary allocations for holding seminars, workshops and conferences, ban on holding meetings and conferences at five-star hotels, ban on purchase of vehicles except for the operational requirements of defence forces, central paramilitary forces and security related organizations, restrictions on foreign travel and adhering to quarterly ceilings under foreign travel expenses, ban on creation of new posts etc,\" minister of state for finance Namo Narain Meena told the Lok Sabha on Tuesday.The only new addition to the already existing long list is a curb on the number of officials travelling abroad. This year onwards, all official meetings abroad will be represented by a one-man delegation besides instructions to cut down on foreign deputations.\"I have noticed that delegations consisting of two or more officers are being deputed for attending meetings, international conferences and seminars. This practice should be discontinued and only one officer with suitable seniority should be deputed for participation in such events,\" the FM's new directive says.On Wednesday, the Mukherjee had told the Rajya Sabha that he is going to announce austerity measures, only to soften his stand within minutes. Outside Parliament, he had told reporters that his officers had been instructed to examine the option. As reported by TOI, his officials were surprised by the statement as there was no proposal, or even suggestions, to prune spending.Although they are now trying to suggest that the government will keep checks to ensure that the budget targets are not overshot, there are few concrete measures that they spell out. To start with, the government will first initiate measures to cut down on administrative expenses and later moderate expenditure on centrally-sponsored schemes ensuring that allocation in schemes is made strictly based on utilization certificates.The FM's directive, which will soon be applicable to all ministries and departments, says one-man delegation for foreign meetings can take help from officials from the local embassy to strengthen the participation.On plan expenditure, the government will not release any amount to any state or non-governmental organization if they have defaulted in furnishing utilization certificates for grants-in-aid released by the central government without prior approval of the finance ministry. As part of the austerity drive, there is also a ban on all ministries and departments to transfer funds under any plan schemes in relaxation of conditionalities attached to such transfers such as matching funding.Guidelines issued last year includes instructions that the unspent balances available with states and implementing agencies must be taken into account before further releases are made.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282291", "title": "Official inspects power project sites", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The director (project) of National Thermal Power Corporation (NTPC) Limited, B P Singh, inspected the construction sites of stage III (two units of 500 mw) of Rihand Super Thermal Power Project.During his inspection, the director inaugurated the cooling tower switchgear 5A and B stage III.Singh further visited project extension areas like CCR, TG area, boiler and ESP area, CHP, ash slurry pump house, cooling tower, CW pump house etc of stage III. He reviewed the overall progress of Rihand Project III.He also held a meeting with executive director (PP&M;) Kaushal Kishore Sharma, S N Ganguly, P Ramesh and other senior officials of NTPC and BHEL . Singh also instructed to all construction companies to complete the work of stage III in scheduled time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "varanasi", "code": "13305808", "title": "Three of a family killed", "text": "VARANASI: Three members of a family were killed in a collision of car and truck in Halia area in Mirzapur district on Saturday.According to reports, Samar Bhadur Singh, along with his family including wife Ragini Singh, so Aditya and daughter Aditi, was going to Jaunpur from Satna (MP) by his car. When they were crossing Halia in Mirzapur, their car collided with a truck coming from the opposite direction.Samar Bahadur (40) and his wife Ragini (35) died on the spot while their daughter Aditi (13) succumbed to injuries during treatment at the district hospital. Aditya (11) also sustained injuries but he survived the mishap.Boy beaten to death: An eight-year-old boy, Rohit, was allegedly beaten to death by his father Vijendra in Singhra village, under Gambhirpur police station, in Azamgarh on Friday night. The father was arrested and the body was sent for postmortem. According to reports, the boy was slapped and beaten with stick by his father over some minor issue. The blow proved fatal to the boy causing his death at night.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277381", "title": "India embassy in Paris was terror target", "text": "NEW DELHI: Responding to a report in a French daily about threat from Taliban to the Indian mission in Paris, the government on Friday said its embassy there was in touch with relevant French authorities for its security.Without making any direct comment about the Le Monde report, which said a slain terrorist had been asked by his Taliban handlers to target the Indian embassy, the foreign ministry said in a statement that the embassy took account of all possible threats \"including those mentioned in the press report''.\"The embassy of India, Paris has been fully alert to security issues,'' MEA spokesperson Syed Akbaruddin said.\"The ministry is in regular contact with embassies abroad for detailed review of the security situation from time to time. Paris is one of the stations where the security requirements of the embassy are reviewed in consultation with the ministry,'' the statement added.According to the Le Monde report, two months after he was shot dead by French special forces, a 23-year-old Algerian origin terrorist was found to have been plotting to attack the Indian embassy in Paris on the direction of his Taliban handlers in Pakistan.Quoting sources from the French Internal Intelligence and the special forces, Le Monde reported that Mohamed Merah's Taliban handlers in Pakistan had tasked him to attack the Indian mission in Paris.\"That was the target given him by the Taliban who prepared him for jihad during his training in Pakistan in the summer of 2011,\" the paper quoted sources as saying.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280382", "title": "Paradigm shift: More Gujarat kids clear IIT-JEE", "text": "AHMEDABAD: The IIT-JEE exam results this year have come as a welcome sign for many aspiring engineers. This is not only the best performance for Gujarat's students but also points at a paradigm shift - from business acumen and trade to technology and engineering.Director of IIT Gandinagar, Sudhir Jain, said: \"In Gujarat, the number of students choosing engineering as a career is increasing since the focus is now changing in the society from running family business to technology and profession. This is a definite marker for the fact that academic standards in the state are also improving. Students and parents are preparing well in advance. This trend will benefit Gujarat in the near future.\"\"I want to pursue computer science from IIT-Mumbai. After that I wish to crack CAT and study management at IIM,\" Siddharth Patel, who topped Gujarat, told TOI. Siddharth is the son of a businessman in Rajkot who owns a wafer company. He says he started preparing for IIT-JEE when he was in class IX. \"My father is a businessman but I got the IIT-JEE bug from my friends who used to prepare for the entrance test and got me hooked,\" says Siddharth, who admits he got hooked to potato wafers while preparing for his exams!Ojas Kanhere, a resident of Ahmedabad, however had some in-house motivation. He has scored 224 all India rank. There are 200-odd students from the city who have ranked in the merit list of 18,000. But most have scored rank below 10,000. Ojas says that both his parents are doctors - his father Dr Apurva Kanhere is a renowned cardiac surgeon - but he did not like biology. In fact, he was scared of maths when he was in class IX.\"I decided to take maths head on and joined specific coaching to get my fundamentals cleared. Now, there is hardly any maths problem that can put me in a fix,\" says Ojas.Adit Ravi, a student of Delhi Public School in Gandhinagar, secured all-India rank 935. His mother, Jayanti Ravi who is an IAS officer, said: \"Hard work is necessary but I did not stop him from his other extra-curricular activities. There should be an overall growth in a child's life.\"Rakesh Bothra, director of an IIT JEE coaching class, says that 250 students from his academy had appeared in the exam of them 90 have found their names in the merit list.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283460", "title": "Reshuffle among Punjab police top brass", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Punjab cadre PPS officer G S Grewal, was given the charge of SP (headquarters), Chandigarh, on Friday. Grewal was earlier SP (IRB), Chandigarh police, and seeking his repatriation to his parent cadre Punjab police.Sources said home department has rejected the application of Grewal and police department has created the post of SP, headquarters, for him. SSP Naunihal Singh will hold additional charge of DIG for two months. Charge of IG (Prisons) and Economic Offences Wing will go to SP (operations) R S Ghumman.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "coimbatore", "code": "13282398", "title": "Remove tinted glass from vehicles, urges Coimbatore top cop", "text": "COIMBATORE: With the Supreme Court order banning the use of tinted glass and sun control films on all vehicles, city police commissioner A K Viswanathan has urged residents to remove them within three days.``We will initiate action against those who continue to use sun control films and tinted glasses. Only plain glasses are accepted. Transparent films will not be entertained,'' he said. A fine ranging between Rs 100 and Rs 300 would be collected from each violator under Central Motor Vehicles Act, he said.According to the commissioner, the ban is applicable to all vehicles including government and police vehicles. Exception would be given only in rare cases of extreme sensitivity and that too as per the provisions, he clarified. Police have already held talks with Tamil Nadu State Transport Corporation and private bus operators to remove tinted glasses.When asked about the growing rate of burglaries in the city, the commissioner said measures have been put in place to ensure the safety of residents. Those who go on summer vacations must alert police by directly mailing the commissioner at . The commissioner will personally respond to such mails apart from ensuring adequate protection. SMSs about locked homes can be sent to the mobile number 9843100100. During emergency, public can contact deputy commissioner (crime and traffic) T Senthil Kumar over 0422-6545464 apart from dialing 100.Residents are in a mad rush to find service centers that would remove the tinted glass. Even police officials have instructed their drivers to remove such glasses immediately.The Supreme Court had issued a total ban on the use of sun control films and tinted glass on May 2. The order was in response to a PIL which alleged that vehicles with tinted glass were increasingly used for criminal activities including sexual abuse.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hubli", "code": "13282083", "title": "\u2018Ananth Kumar\u2019s only aim is to become CM\u2019", "text": "HUBLI: Former chief minister BS Yeddyurappa dropped enough indications that he wants to step out of the BJP. After inaugurating his office on Friday, he hinted at things to come:Is opening a new office an indication of your quitting the party?Only few people are active after retirement; with or without power I want to live among the people. Having served as party president twice, 20 months as deputy CM and three-and-a-half years as CM, hundreds of people come to meet me every day. As I've vacated the Race Course Road office, I felt the need for an office to interact with people and supporters and discharge my duties as an MLA.There's speculation that you're floating a new regional party..I'm a straightforward person. If I want to float a political party, I'll announce it.There's talk that ministers loyal to you have met Congress leaders Ahmed Patel and Oscar Fernandes to smoothen the process of your joining or aligning with the Congress...There's not even an iota of truth in it. Why should I join the Congress or align with it? As ministers, they have every right to meet central ministers and leaders. But this should not be mistaken as discussion to align with Congress. This has been spread by my political opponents in the party to tarnish my image.How did BJP general secretary HN Ananth Kumar connive with the mining lobby to implicate you and also distance you from Advani?I don't want to discuss issues pertaining to Kumar at this auspicious moment. Let him introspect and rectify the mistakes / hurdles he has created for me. If he repents, it's better for him and the party -- both will prosper. When I was chief minister, he tried to dislodge me thrice. His only objective is to become the CM of Karnataka. He has neither concern nor interest in the state's development. Sitting in New Delhi, his job is to hatch conspiracies.Has chief minister D V Sadananda Gowda secretly aligned with JD(S)?I don't want to go into details, but there's enough proof of Gowda having links with JD(S) leaders. Actions like ignoring BJP legislators or appointing people on JD(S) leaders' directions have been documented. He should correct himself for the party's betterment.Do the Central Bureau of Investigation (CBI) raids signal the end of your political career?Many chief ministers, central ministers and top politicians have faced CBI inquiries. Unfortunately, I've been dragged and caught in this web. I'm confident I'll get justice and come out clean.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13279178", "title": "'National shame! Form SIT to probe tiger deaths'", "text": "NAGPUR: Wildlife experts and conservationists have termed the poaching of a full-grown tiger on Friday as shocking, and a national shame. This is the second tiger poaching incident in little over a fortnight, since Palasgaon in the buffer zone of Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve. Poachers have struck despite a 'red alert' sounded by the government.With Friday's death, the number of tiger deaths in Maharashtra since January 2012 has gone up to 7. Of these, four were clear cases of poaching while the remaining are shrouded in mystery. One tiger that survived a trap will be forced to spend the rest of its life in captivity.One tiger each died in Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary and Melghat tiger reserve (MTR), while five deaths were reported from Chandrapur. If figures of past six months are considered, 10 tigers have died since November 3, 2011.\" Yes , I heard the tragic news. It's shocking and a national shame.... it also reveals the defunct mechanism of enforcement and governance. The entire forest service of Maharashtra needs to be overhauled on a war footing to deal with this menace. Officials need to wake up from their slumber. They need immediate reforms and good intelligence,\" said Valmik Thapar, natural historian and tiger conservationist.Thapar said the Special Tiger Protection Force (STPF), cleared by the Parliament five years ago, needs to be put in place immediately. At the same time, the expert said NTCA officials in New Delhi need to leave their chairs and stop their non-effective letter writing.\"They should camp at Chandrapur. We don't want more yap-yap from those who serve the tigers. It is a moment for action or we will lose Tadoba, the Taj Mahal of Maharashtra,\" Thapar remarked.Thapar suggested setting up of a chief minister's task force consisting of police and forest officials and experts from outside the government machinery. \"The chief minister should implement its recommendations immediately. If justice has to be delivered to Tadoba and its tigers - it has to mean business. If not, we will watch one of the vital landscapes for tigers in the world vanish,\" Thapar warned.\"Poachers have already laid their traps. So there is no way we can prevent more tiger deaths, unless a massive sanitization process is launched to clear game trails of these metal traps. So far, almost no help has been sought from forensic experts. This is vital if we are to establish who the culprits are,\" said Bittu Sahgal, conservationist and editor of Sanctuary Asia.\"We are at war with poachers. I recommend a curfew be immediately imposed around Tadoba while the sanitization process to unearth hidden traps is underway,\" said Sahgal.\"Search and find initiatives need to be launched in Nagzira, Navegaon, Umred, Tipeshwar, Bor and Melghat,\" said Prafulla Bhamburkar of Wildlife Trust of India (WTI).Kishor Rithe, member, National Board for Wild Life (NBWL), said the cruel act must be condemned by every citizen. \"Such incidents cannot be tolerated any further. The chief minister should appoint a special investigation team (SIT) under the chairmanship of chief secretary with DGP, PCCF (wildlife), principal secretary (forests), principal secretary (home) as its members,\" demanded Writhe. The SIT should be given all resources and powers, he added.\"It is clear that the scale of poaching is very serious and that patrolling efforts are inadequate. The forest department should create a new model of patrolling that involves volunteers on a large scale. Many young people are keen to volunteer for patrolling. It is very clear that the government cannot tackle the widespread menace of poaching by itself. It is time for a change in strategy,\" felt Shekar Dattatri, wildlife filmmaker and conservationist.Times ViewThe poaching of another tiger just outside Tadoba reserve means nothing has been learnt from Palasgaon where one was killed and another found injured last month. Forest Department will come up with familiar excuses: lack of manpower and resources. Yet, it cannot deny its own lack of will. Even years after protecting the tiger was made top most priority, our conservation and protection efforts remain half-hearted. Miscreants can enter and do what they please in much of our forest areas. Unless foresters shed their business-as-usual attitude, India's natural heritage will continue to be plundered.CAT CALLS FALL SILENT* January 23, 2012: Full-grown male tiger poached in electric trap laid for herbivores in FDCM's Zaran area* February 19, 2012: Tigress dies in mysterious circumstances, possibly due to electrocution, in Lohara teak farm in Tadoba-Andhari Tiger Reserve (TATR) buffer area. Forest officials hide cause of death* March 1, 2012: Carcass of full-grown tiger found in decomposed state near Kitadi under Moharli range adjoining TATR* March 8, 2012: Full-grown tiger found dead in compartment number 100 in Tipeshwar wildlife sanctuary in Yavatmal district", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13280519", "title": "BJP takes up Naya Qila farmers' case", "text": "HYDERABAD: The Hyderabad Golf Association (HGA) which has been fighting for land in Naya Qila, Golconda has a new opponent-the BJP. The BJP deputy floor leader in the Legislative Assembly E Lakshminarayana on Friday demanded that either the government pay the farmers the market value of the Naya Qila land acquired from them or compensate them with land of equal value close to the city.Lakshminarayana held a meeting with the farmers who briefed him about the problems they are facing with the government. They told him that the government had acquired their 52 acre land in 1999 on a paltry remuneration of Rs 80,000 per acre while the market value per acre is over Rs 1 crore. They said that the government identified compensatory land to be given to them in Mannguda, Pudugudu mandal, some 80 km from the city. They alleged that the land is barren and is too far from their residences.After giving them a hearing the BJP leader said that he would ask the government to settle the dispute with the farmers to their satisfaction. The farmers have been complaining that the government is trying to keep them away from their lands by fencing it and erecting boards. The government officials are also threatening them of prosecution if they ventured on that land. Laxminarayana told TOI that he would be taking up the matter with the district administration and the chief minister soon. He also promised legal help to the farmers.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280675", "title": "Surgeons replace HIV+ man\u2019s food pipe with part of stomach", "text": "CHENNAI: Ravirajan, 51, was planning to commit suicide if his food pipe closed again when he arrived at Lifeline Hospitals in April. In a rare surgery, a team of gastroenterologists, using laparoscopic technology, replaced the HIV-positive man's damaged food pipe with a fold of his stomach.Doctors generally hesitate before performing any kind of complicated surgeries on HIV positive or clinical AIDS patients because their immune systems are usually highly compromised. \"It's risky. If the vein near the food pipe gets damaged, it's almost instant death. This new tube itself may develop a leak, which could lead to death. They are highly prone to infections and the patient finds it difficult to recover post-surgery,\" said Dr J S Rajkumar of Lifeline.The operating team also puts themselves under risk when using the laparoscopic machine on a HIV-positive person. \"We have a separate ward for them. The instruments can never be reused and the blood touching the skin or the sharp instruments poking us could be very dangerous,\" he added.The procedure was done by making three holes on the side of the chest, four holes in the abdomen and a cut in the neck. \"We inserted the thoracolaparascopic equipment inside, removed the damaged esophagus, and then separated the layers of the stomach, and pulled out a part of it, to make a tube out of it, and tied it up at the neck,\" said Dr Rajkumar.Ravirajan was diagnosed with HIV in 2000. Five years ago, his food pipe almost closed. He could not take solid food. \"My throat would get blocked even if I had porridge. Then I would vomit it out,\" said Ravirajan. His food pipe kept narrowing and had to be dilated. After nearly 22 such dilations, Ravirajan lost all hope of eating. And then he walked into the hospital for the surgery in April.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282545", "title": "Chief minister rolls out 'Save Orchards' drive", "text": "PATNA: Chief minister Nitish Kumar on Friday said farmers should carry out horticultural activities in a scientific way for a better yield of fruits. At the government level, a plan was afoot to use geo-positioning system (GPS) to ascertain the status of orchards and groves of fruit-bearing trees in different districts of the state.The CM, who was giving inaugural address at the launch of the state's Bagicha Bachao Abhiyan (Save the Orchards Campaign) of the agriculture department here, said the campaign was under implementation in those districts which were not covered by National Horticulture Mission (NHM). He said orchards were spread over 2 lakh hectares of land in the state.The CM also released five books published by the agriculture department. The books are related to schemes of NHM, introduction on national micro irrigation mission, scientific farming of bamboo, scientific farming of medicinal plants, agriculture management, scientific farming of spices and scientific farming of flowers.The CM said the adoption of scientific methods in horticultural activities meant that fruit-bearing trees should be cultivated and grown in accordance with their area-specific quality and value. The government would give subsidy to farmers for the tilling and ploughing of land under orchards. He cited the case of the 'Jardaloo' variety of mango, successfully grown in Bhagalpur district, and the 'Dudhiya' variety of 'Malda' mango of Digha in Patna .This region-specific quality of the two varieties of mangoes ensured an assured market for them, he said.It was the application of scientific methods of cultivation that helped farmers of the state make a record production of paddy.The state's paddy productivity has broken the record of China, he said and added Bihar farmers also broke the record of the Netherlands in potato production.While calling upon the farmers to switch over to scientific farming, the CM asked his agriculture adviser Mangla Rai to give scientific advice to them for plantation of fruit-bearing trees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "madurai", "code": "13278681", "title": "Dialogue to end American College row", "text": "MADURAI: The governing council of the American College convened on Friday decided to initiate dialogue to end the row between two factions over the administration of the college.Addressing media persons after the council meeting, Rev G Devakadasham, president of the council and Church of South India ( CSI ) moderator said, \"We see the problem in three aspects as students, staff and administration issues and have decided to initiate a process to tackle them,\" Devakadasham said.The governing council has decided to form an expert committee headed by P Chelladurai, director, department of youth welfare, Madurai Kamaraj University to solve issues like problems with internal marks and certificates. He said that the college has appointed two different groups of management staff due to internal conflict in the administration. The college will accommodate all the self-financed staff after verifying their qualifications. \"The staff can be assured that they will not be sent out and we will try to accommodate all of them. We will also work on the pending salaries of the 83 management staff who were not paid their salaries for the last 17 months,\" Devakadasham said.Talks would be held with both the warring parties in the college to find an amicable solution, he added. \"With the internal conflict, the college could not fill the vacancies and salaries. Promotions of the staff were also affected. The college should also work on its minority institution status. The government is ready to provide but we should first solve our domestic issues,\" Devakadasham stated. He said that the dialogue has been initiated which should happen in two or three rounds and that the council would try to solve the row before the academic year begins.The American College, one of the renowned institutions in the city was caught in a conflict over the administration between two groups and the college activities were affected after November 2010. There are also court cases slapped on both parties. Devakadasham said that they would work on the court cases and the college management will work on restoring the institution to its past glory.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300915", "title": "Tigmanshu to shoot Milan Talkies in Allahabad?", "text": "If all goes well then shooting for director Tigmanshu Dhulia's first pure love story, Milan Talkies, will be done in the Sangam city in the coming January.\"Things are not totally confirmed yet, but I am planning to go to Allahabad to shoot this movie sometime in January, next year,\" claims the director, who is busy shooting for 'Sahab, Biwi and Gangster-2 ' in Gujarat these days, adding, \"I was supposed to go to my hometown for the shooting of 'Jai Ramji', but since too many movies on gangsters have been made in the recent past, I have decided to postpone that project. Once I get free with the projects I am currently busy with, I will start working on ' Milan Talkies '.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "washington", "code": "13301934", "title": "November to be Sikh-American awareness month in California", "text": "WASHINGTON: The California Assembly has passed a resolution declaring November 2012 as Sikh American Awareness and Appreciation Month.The passage of the resolution in this regard by the California Assembly has been welcomed by the influential Sikh community of the State.\"Please join me in declaring November 2012 as California Sikh American Awareness and Appreciation Month,\" said Assemblyman Dan Logue .The resolution was introduced by Assemblyman Henry Perea, who could not be present due to his mother's serious illness.\"Every year on the first Sunday of November, Sikh Americans celebrate the coronation of their scriptures. Among the celebrations are Sikh parades, the largest of which is held in Yuba City, which is famous worldwide,\" Logue said.\"Californians of Sikh heritage deserve to be recognised for their significant contributions to our state. They came here around 100 years ago and have made their mark in agriculture, trucking, medicine, and technology,\" he said.Five Assembly Members -- Roger Dickinson, Warren T Fururtani, Jim Nielsen , Chris Norby and Bob Wieckowski - spoke on the occasion.Some 20 eminent Sikhs community members were present in the Assembly when the resolution was passed without any opposition.Prominent among them were Pashaura Singh Dhillon, who had initiated the move , Gurjatinder S Randhawa (chairman NRI Front USA), Charanjit Singh Bath, M S Sandhawalia, Gurdip S Nijjar, Nirmal Singh, Dr Onkar Singh Bindra.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277736", "title": "Quantum leap: From vegetables to vectors", "text": "NEW DELHI: From a young age, Rohit Gupta nurtured dreams of becoming a mechanical engineer. The 21-year-old grew up in a cluttered railway colony in the Mandawali area of east Delhi but didn't let his family's modest means get in the way of his goal. The result - Rohit has cleared the IIT-JEE exam securing a rank of 1,826 in the general category. And he couldn't be more ecstatic.The son of a vegetable vendor, Rohit says he was always aware of his family's limitations but he didn't lose sight of his focus. He attributes his success to his family's support and his mentors at his coaching centre in Ghaziabad. He feels that if nurtured in the right manner, children from all economic backgrounds can be equally successful in life. \"Even when I was younger, I was aware that we were extremely poor. But I knew that the only way out for me was through education,\" he says. Rohit's 11-year-old sister, Khushboo, says her brother never had time to have hobbies or even play with her. For him, education and career came first.Rohit secured around 90% his Class XII examinations, following which he was selected by a PSU, Indraprastha Gas Limited, that sponsored his IIT coaching in collaboration with the co-founder of Super-30 Patna, Abhyanand.His father, Sushil Gupta, is a vendor who supplies vegetables to Mother Dairy. The only other earning member of the family is Rohit's elder sister, who recently managed to get a job with Mother Dairy. \"Rohit will be the first person in the family to pursue higher education and become an engineer. We can finally see our our dream coming true,\" says a joyous Sunita Gupta, Rohit's mother, who is preparing a feast for her son.Rohit's batchmates who managed to crack the entrance examination have similar tales to tell. \"Life was never easy growing up, but I always believed that hard work can spell success. Today, I am only half way towards my goal,\" said Poonam Gupta, daughter of an autorickshaw driver in Delhi. Poonam secured a rank of 4370 in the exam.Sandeep Agarwal, the son of a shopkeeper, says that clearing the test is only the first step. \"I have never been afraid of hard work. I am absolutely overjoyed today, but it's not over yet,\" he said. He got a rank of 1563.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13284849", "title": "Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd ups the ante on safety", "text": "MANGALORE: Mangalore Refinery and Petrochemicals Ltd (MRPL), the recipient of most safe refinery in India award given by the ministry of petroleum and natural gas for the past three years in a row, has taken more measures to tighten its safety further.For this, MRPL has initiated a training workshop on safety for its contract workforce, numbering more than 1,000. This is a preventive measure to improve health and safety awareness among the contract workforce, to make MRPL a safe and accident-free workplace. The workshop that is being conducted by expert external faculty on a daily basis got underway on Friday. It will go for about 20 days.The entire contract workforce functioning in different work areas of the refinery and project site will be covered under the ambit of the workshop. The workshop will cover topics like introduction to health, safety and environment, safety attitude at work place, hazard identification and communication, fire prevention, protection and use of fire fighting appliances, emergency response, use of personal protective equipment and security norms.UK Basu, managing director, MRPL stressed on the need for inculcating safety habits in workforce of MRPL and lauded the efforts of training department in organizing the workshop. He emphasized on continuous feedback for further improvement in course content.MN Jakkannavar, deputy director of factories stressed the need for structured training programmes for different level of the employees who come from diverse cultural and educational backgrounds.PP Upadhya, director (technical) and MD designate dwelling on safety record of MRPL and the commitment MRPL has towards safety said that the would go long way in improving the safety standards and safe work culture among the contract workforce. Sushilchandra, GM (HR) welcomed the gathering and PA Jose, DGM (training) proposed vote of thanks.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "ahmedabad", "code": "13280218", "title": "Bioresource training for kids ends at Science City", "text": "AHMEDABAD: Valedictory session for 15 boys and 15 girls of class X from 26 districts of the state was held at Science City to celebrate their month-long exploration of the state's natural treasure. The group of 30 visited various biodiversity zones and eco-regions.Addressing the valedictory session on Friday afternoon, Harshad Shah, vice-chancellor of Children University, advised the students to be environment friendly and practice good habit to conserve environment.Bharat Chattoo, head, molecular biology and biotechnology department of M S University, explained to the students about the unexplored area of biosciences which are not only challenging, but also interesting and exciting for societal development.Science City officials said that the students had hands-on experiments, innovative scientific projects, projects for developing communicating skill and multimedia presentations. tnnThe programme was jointly organized by Science City and Department of Biotechnology (DBT), Government of India.Officials added that most of the students may get a chance of receiving the prestigious Kishor Vaigyanik Puraskar Yojana scholarship awarded by the Indian Institute of Sciences, Bangalore, on the basis of their project work and their experience. The students also designed and prepare four issues of Newsletter, titled 'Bio Wonder' during the four-week time.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "biharsharif", "code": "13281568", "title": "Nalanda emerges as export hub of agriculture products", "text": "BIHARSHARIF: Nalanda is emerging as an export hub of organic vegetables and other agricultural products in the state. The farmers of Nalanda district are not only getting handsome yields by using latest technologies but have also started finding overseas markets for their products, said Rakesh Kumar of Sohdih who recently broke the world record by producing 660 quintal onions per hectare. The previous record of highest yield of onion was 550 quintals per hectare held by a farmer in the Netherlands.Rakesh said that he, along with 200 other farmers of Sohdih, uses organic and bio-fertilizers in their farms spread over more than 200 hectares and they are certified by a French company, Ecocert, which constantly monitors the kind of fertilizers used in the farms and then issues certificates. The reliability of the use of vermi composts and organic fertilizers is such that they recently received query regarding supply of 500 metric tonnes of potatoes to Saudi Arabia . He said the turnaround happened because of the use of latest technology, proper training and the use of traditional manures. The farmers of the locality exported bitter gourd (karela) and onions to countries like Bangladesh and Nepal and organic vegetables grown are regularly exported to different states of the country, he said.The moving force behind the achievements of the farmers of the district is their adaptability to the new changes, said Nalanda DM Sanjay Kumar Agarwal.He said that at a time when the farmers of other districts were reluctant to use the system of root intensification (SRI), the farmers of the district braced it wholeheartedly and, within three years of its implementation, a farmer from village Darveshpura in the district, Sumant Kumar, broke the previous world record in paddy yield.Maya Devi of Ondi panchayat in the district was among the first farmers to adopt the new technology and the encouraging result she got became a torchbearer for other farmers of the district and hundreds of farmers followed her. The overall paddy yield was so strong that the state food corporation (SFC) procured more paddy than its target and the stock is sufficient to meet PDS requirements of three neighbouring districts for the next 7-8 months. Today, organic vegetables are grown on more than 500 hectares and they are being exported to different states, said district horticulture officer (DHO) D Mahto.Besides outstanding success of farmers, the district also became the fourth in the country and the only district in Bihar to receive national award for the implementation of Mahatma Gandhi National Rural Employment Guarantee Act (MNREGA) for the year 2010-11. Nalanda recently achieved the distinction of being the first district of the state to be declared fully e-governed district of Bihar.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nadia", "code": "13280222", "title": "Kolkata couple held with fake notes", "text": "NADIA: A couple was arrested from a lodge in Nadia's Nabadwip on Thursday night for using fake notes. Police also seized 22 notes of Rs 1000 denomination. On interrogating them, police arrested another man in connection with the case. The three accused were produced in Nabadwip court on Friday, police said. The couple lives in Dum Dum, on the northern fringes of Kolkata.A smart unknown lady was buying goods from one after another shop and paying through notes of thousand rupee. It put the shopkeepers in suspicion. So they intimated the cop. The sleuths initiated to observe the lady and once stopped her for interrogations. Ultimately, police recovered 22 number of fake notes of rupees 1000 each and took three persons in custody on Thursday night. It happened at Nabadwip in Nadia. They were produced in Nabadwip court on Friday, police said.Probe revealed that Prashanta Majumder and Agamani Majumder took a room at a lodge in Nabadwip on Thursday and introduced themselves as a married couple. The address provided by them in the lodge register showed that the couple was a resident of Manashitala in Nadia. tnnAgamani reportedly went to some shops in the area, started purchasing random goods and paid with Rs 1000 notes. Shopkeepers hence became suspicious and informed the police. After observing the woman throughout the day, police interrogated the couple and arrested them. Fake notes were also seized from them. \"The couple stays in a rented house at Dumdum's Motijhil area,\" said sources in the police.Nadia police arrested one more person in connection with the fake notes case. He was identified as Saidul Mondal of Natun Hanshpur in Murshidabad's Lalbagh.Police said, \"The couple was using fake notes since the last two months after taking them from Saidul.\"Prashanta Majumder and Agamani Majumder had taken a room in a lodge in Nabadwip on Thursday after identifying themselves as married couple. The address they had given in the lodge Register showed that they were they resident of Manashitala under Nakashipara police station area in Nadia.The style of randomly buying goods from one after another shops and paying through 1000 rupee notes in each counter by Agamani had compelled the shopkeepers to suspect her. The informed Nabadwip police who watched and interrogated them. Consequently police recovered 22 fake notes of rupees 1000 and took them in custody. A police sources said,\" The couple stays in a rented house at Dumdum Motijhil area nowadays.\"Nadia police arrested one more person in connexion with the fake note case. He is Saidul Mondal of Natun Hanshpur in Murshidabad's Lalbagh.Police said, \"The captivated couple was spreading fake notes since last 2 months after taking the same from Saidul.All the three were produced in Nabadwip court on Friday, police said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300545", "title": "Jlo denies 'American Idol' departure rumours", "text": "Jennifer Lopez has taken to her Twitter account to clarify reports that she is leaving \" American Idol .\"\"There is no truth to reports that say I am definitely leaving 'Idol,'\" the New York Post quoted the 42-year-old star as tweeting.\"All I said was I haven't decided what I am doing next year.\"When I know for sure what I'm doing I will let the #LOVE!RS know,\" she wrote.E! Online had reported on Wednesday that Lopez, who was recently named the \"World's Most Powerful Celebrity\" by Forbes, had decided to leave the show.Still, Lopez claims not to have made a decision yet. (ANI)", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "colombo", "code": "13297889", "title": "SLC claims ignorance, says no knowledge of fixing", "text": "COLOMBO: Sri Lanka Cricket (SLC) on Saturday denied any knowledge of it's player being accused of match fixing in the on going Indian Premier League.\"No we are not aware of such an occurrence. If it had happened the BCCI would have informed us,\" the SLC secretary, Nishantha Ranatunga said expressing surprise at the accusation.Ranatunga said the governing body would definitely investigate the matter if informed by the BCCI.According to reports, a bookie named Sonu Yogendra alias Malad has told the crime branch in Mumbai that he paid Rs 10 crore to a Sri Lankan player for fixing a match.The details of the player and the game were, however, not mentioned.The Mumbai crime branch on Thursday raided a building and busted a major cricket betting racket. They also seized some equipment and cash from the place.The gang was accepting bets on IPL games, the police claimed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277457", "title": "Mumbai-SEZ now seeks one more extension", "text": "MUMBAI: Mumbai-SEZ has sought yet another extension for its multi-product special economic zone on 5,000 hectares land in Khopta, Raigad district.\"The state government has recommended the proposal. Now, the final decision will be taken by the board of approval in a meeting on May 22,'' a senior industries department official told TOI on Friday.Mumbai-SEZ was granted in-principle approval in August 2006. It was granted two extensions up to August 7, 2009. Despite the fact that though there was no provision for a third extension in the SEZ Act, as a special case, Mumbai-SEZ was granted fresh extension from the last date of the last extension (August 8, 2009). While the validity of the last extension expires on August 7, 2012, the firm has approached the board of approval for yet another extension for completing the land acquisition process.According to the board of approval agenda circulated to all states, of the 5,000 hectares of land, the Mumbai-SEZ has acquired 1,874 hectares, which is not contiguous and needs more time to complete the acquisition process. \"We have already invested Rs 1,800 crore for the project. Therefore, we may be granted extension up to August 7, 2013, for completing the process,'' the company submitted before the board of approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277201", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012 results: In one year, count of successful girls doubled to 2,800", "text": "MUMBAI: Each year boys max out seats at the Indian Institutes of Technology. But the count of girls who secured JEE ranks has doubled to 2,886 since the last edition of the exam. Yet, the tech schools will on another front continue to be an unequal world: students from the IIT-Bombay zone (home to Kota) dominate the list of selected candidates. But the southern zone has bagged the credit for having eight of the top 20 rankers, most from Andhra Pradesh .B-town boys have bagged the top ranks: Faridabad's Arpit Agrawal topped the JEE with a score of 385 (out of 401); he is followed by Chandigarh's Bijoy Singh Kochar and Bhilai's Nishanth Koushik.Priya Inala--all-India rank (AIR) 21--from AP is the girls' topper. Science is this Asian Physics Olympiad gold medallist's first love. She is joined by two other girls in the top 100. This year, 1.5 lakh girls took the JEE free of cost. Clearly, the plan to not charge them worked: the headcount of successful girls is exactly double of last year's 1,443.Three boys tied at the score of 369: Jaipur's Nishit Agrawal (AIR 6; Bombay zone topper), Anant Gupta (AIR 7; Roorkee zone) and Kandivli's Manik Dhar (AIR 8; Maharashtra topper). Competition was compounded by the fact that JEE 2012 was tougher than its predecessor. \"The cut-off has dropped to 172. Last time, it was 229. The difficulty level has indeed gone up,\" said Avinash Mahajan, IIT-Bombay's JEE chairman.An analysis of the top 100 students shows that 31 hail from the western zone and 38 from the Madras zone. The Bombay zone also has the highest number of candidates in the top 1,000--294. Of all the seven zones (prepared on the basis of the old IITs), the western region saw the largest pool of students who qualified--4,239. Of these, 491 are girls. As many as 73,351 candidates took the test from this zone.The Madras zone, from where 71,981 candidates sat for the JEE, will send 3,666 candidates to the 15 tech schools.Closer home, only 599 of the 4,696 students who sat for JEE from Mumbai qualified; of the 22,331 who appeared for the exam from Maharashtra, 1,796 made it.Out of 33,057 candidates from Jaipur, many of whom prepared from coaching centres in Kota, 2,677 made the cut. A total of 4.8 lakh candidates appeared for JEE. Of them, 17,462 have been short-listed for the counselling process for admission to the IITs. But 24,112 have secured ranks and can join other colleges that accept JEE scores.JEE chairman G D Reddy said that across India, the report card of reserved category students had improved. \"There will not be any preparatory programme for SC/ST students this year. Only 124 students from the physically challenged category have been short-listed for the preparatory programme.\"Of the 4,805 OBC candidates who qualified, 1,625 made it to the common merit list. Of the 3,464 SC and 654 ST students who qualified, about 300 made it without the handicap of score relaxation.Nishanth Rumandla (AIR 4) is the OBC topper; Zubin Arya (AIR 94) came first on the SC merit list; and Vikas Meena (AIR 642) topped the ST merit list.In all, the 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM, Dhanbad, have 9,647 seats, apportioned as: 4,722 for the general category, 2,101 for OBCs, 434 for minority OBCs, 1,403 for SCs, 708 for STs and 279 for physically challenged students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13281338", "title": "Blaze ravages two shops on Commercial Street", "text": "BANGALORE: A major fire broke out in a three-storey building on Commercial Street around 8.15pm on Friday. The building houses Western Stores, dealing in woollen wear, and Linens and Drapes, selling cloth material, toys and other accessories. The shops had closed for the day when people in adjoining shops noticed smoke billowing out of the building.Commercial Street police initially tried to douse the blaze but when they realized it was big, they alerted the fire brigade. Two fire tenders were first rushed to the spot and based on their feedback, eight more vehicles were sent. The fire was still raging at midnight.Commercial Street was blocked following the blaze.Fire brigade officials said the first call came in around 9pm. \"Getting inside the building is difficult as dense smoke has filled the rooms. We are trying to put out the flames from the adjacent buildings even as our rescue workers are trying to find their way in,\" said a senior fire department official.The cause is yet to be established. Though no loss of life was reported, the worth of property damaged is likely to run into crores of rupees.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277595", "title": "Six booked, mystery over firearm\u2019s ownership", "text": "BHOPAL: A day after a man injured himself accidentally in an alleged drunken state the police have booked him on Friday. The incident took place in MP Nagar area on Thursday.The police said a case has been registered against Shivam Shrivastava and five unidentified persons, who were with him at the time of incident. The firearm has yet to be recovered.The condition of Shrivastava, 35, who works with a finance company in Bhopal is critical.Mystery continues over the ownership of the firearm as the Shrivastava family ruled out Shivam having any firearm. The police suspect the pistol may belong to his on the run accomplices.\"We have yet to record the statement of Shrivastava as his condition is still critical. Questions like who owns the pistol and the range from where the bullet was fired and later hurt him when it was being kept back would be asked later.The identity of the other five accused that were with him at the time of incident is also not known as of now,\" said town inspector RR Bansal. The police officials also confirmed that Shrivastava was under the influence of liquor at the time of incident. The bullet has been taken out from the body after a surgery in a private hospital. But his condition remains critical, the police added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13297095", "title": "Royal Challengers Bangalore face Deccan Chargers in must-win match", "text": "HYDERABAD: Boosted by their comprehensive victory over table-toppers Delhi Daredevils in their last match, Royal Challengers Bangalore would look to seal their play-offs berth when they take on Deccan Chargers in their must-win Indian Premier League match on Sunday.Opener Chris Gayle has been in explosive form with his unbeaten 128 laced with 13 sixes against the Daredevils but it won't be an easy task for RCB on Sunday as the Chargers have also beaten Rajasthan Royals in their last match to send the Jaipur-based side out of IPL.With 17 points from 15 matches, RCB have no other option but to win on Sunday at Rajiv Gandhi International stadium at Uppal to seal a play-off berth.The Chargers, on the other hand, are already out of the tournament with just seven points from 15 matches so far and they have nothing to lose except spoil RCB's chances of a play-off berth. Another win on Sunday would also improve upon their dismal record at their home venue ever since they played their first match in the inaugural season in 2008.RCB would again expect destructive Gayle, the top-run getter of the current IPL season, to fire in all cylinders.Gayle, who has so far accumulated 706 runs this season, has been consistent having scored seven half-centuries besides hitting the maximum sixes, numbering 57.Stand-in skipper Virat Kohli (with 322 runs) would also like to carry on his good form after scoring an unbeaten 73 against the Daredevils to ensure that RCB emerge victorious on Sunday.RCB also have the likes of attacking batsmen in South African AB de Villiers (315 runs) and Sri Lankan opener Tillakaratne Dilshan (281) who can single-handedly take on the opposition.It would be interesting to watch de Villiers batting here after his match-winning knock of 17-ball 47 against the same opponents in their earlier clash in Bangalore.In the bowling department also, RCB players have been in good touch with veteran off-spinner Muttiah Muralitharan (14 wickets), medium pacer Vinay Kumar (16), Zaheer Khan (15) and Harshal Patel (nine) raring to go for a play-off berth.It, however, needs to be seen whether New Zealander Daniel Vettori, who can add more ammunition to RCB spin-bowling attack, will make himself available or not against the Chargers on Sunday.Bottom-placed Chargers would look to settle scores against RCB for their loss in their first-leg clash.Chargers' batting relies heavily on opening batsman Shikhar Dhawan (564 runs) and attacking Australian Cameron White (478 runs). They would need contributions from the likes of captain Kumar Sangakkara, wicketkeeper Parthiv Patel, J P Duminy and Daniel Harris if they want to beat RCB on Sunday.Akshath Reddy, who scored 42 against Rajasthan Royals last night, would like to repeat his performance.The Chargers bowlers, particularly fast bowler Dale Steyn (15 wickets) and leg-spinner Amit Mishra (11 wickets), would be put to test against the likes of Gayle, de Villiers and Kohli.Teams (from):Deccan Chargers: Kumar Sangakkara (Capt.), Parthiv Patel, Shikhar Dhawan, Bharat Chipli, Cameron White, Jean Paul Duminy, Dan Christian, Ashish Reddy, Amit Mishra, Juan Theron, Manpreet Gony, Kedar Devdhar, Daniel Harris, Ishank Jaggi, Abhishek Jhunjhunwala, Akash Bhandari, Chris Lynn, Tanmay Mishra.Royal Challengers Bangalore: Daniel Vettori (Capt.), Mayank Agarwal, KP Appanna, Prashanth Parameswaran, Arun Karthik, Raju Bhatkal, AB de Villiers, Tillakaratne Dilshan, Chris Gayle, Mohammad Kaif, Abrar Kazi, Zaheer Khan, Virat Kohli, Charl Langeveldt, Andrew McDonald, Abhimanyu Mithun, Muttiah Muralitharan, Karun Nair, Dirk Nannes, M Gautam, Ryan Ninan, Asad Pathan, Luke Pomerscback, Harshal Patel, Asad Pathan, Cheteshwar Pujara, Rilee Rossouw, Jamaluddin Syed Mohammad, S Thiyagarajan, Saurabh Tiwary, R Vinay Kumar, Vijay Zol.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280861", "title": "Orientation course for debutant MLAs begins", "text": "LUCKNOW: For the 167 newly elected MLAs of the 16th UP assembly, the two-day orientation course beginning on Saturday will be a learning lesson in the parliamentary practices and procedures. They will be given lessons on the importance of question hour, zero hour and nuances of adjournment motions, besides privilege motion and cut motion. All this will help them when they attend the House for the first time at the budget session, which begins on May 28.A function organised in this connection at Tilak Hall will be presided over by chief minister Akhilesh Yadav in the presence of UP assembly speaker Mata Prasad Pandey. What makes it special is the keen interest evinced by the CM, who incidentally would also face the UP assembly for the first time in the budget session.Leader of the opposition in Lok Sabha , Sushma Swaraj and Bihar assembly speaker, Udai Narain Chaudhry would be special guests on the occasion to address the newly elected legislators, according to principal secretary, Vidhan Sabha, Pradeep Dubey. Prominent among others to address would be Samajwadi Party leaders in the Lok Sabha-Ram Gopal Yadav and Mohan Singh , state revenue minister Ambika Chaudhry and CLP leader UP assembly Pramod Tewari.This is first time when the orientation course has been organised in such a scale. \"So far, the practice was to invite local legislators, but this time we have broken away with the past and tried to make the event memorable by inviting well-known parliamentarians from outside,\" Dubey said. He further said that each MLA had already been provided a set of nine books pertaining to the rules and regulations, history of the UP assembly and the conventions and parliamentary practices.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13282295", "title": "Corporation earmarks Rs 27L for drinking water scheme", "text": "KOZHIKODE: A special corporation council meeting on Friday has decided to earmark Rs 27 lakh for supplying drinking water to drought-hit regions using tanker trucks.The council has also decided to set aside Rs 64.18 lakh for providing IT equipment to government primary schools, and Rs 8 lakh for Kila Corpus Fund. Around Rs 10 lakh will be allocated to the Kerala Social Security Mission.Corporation secretary said certain projects had been shelved and the amount earmarked for them have been transferred to the above four projects. Altogether 13 projects, including the comprehensive wetland development, agriculture development project for juvenile home, solid waste treatment plant and, for water storage facilities at juvenile homes were modified to raise funds for these projects.Regions for supplying drinking water will be finalized considering the list of drought affected regions prepared by the ward councillors, said mayor A K Premajam.Though the corporation authorities had submitted a detailed list of drought-hit regions to the revenue department, revenue officials were supplying water only in select areas, mayor A K Premajam said.She said corporation would supply water to other regions in the list. It will also consider supplying water in those areas where the revenue department is providing water only once a week.The council also approved the proposal to cancel six projects. Projects exempted from the list include development of land for farming at juvenile home, anganwadi building at Eravathukunnu, the scheme to provide employment to pravasi women, and supplying nutritious food to children below 3 years.\"The council had earlier earmarked Rs 15 lakh for career guidance programme for children in slum areas. However, the project could not be implemented owing to technical reasons. The fund was diverted for the new projects,\" said M Mohanan, standing committee chairman.The mayor, meanwhile, urged the members of the council and officials not to deny approval for developmental and welfare projects citing technical reasons.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13281218", "title": "Several feared dead in Bahriach bus fire tragedy", "text": "LUCKNOW: At least a dozen people, including women and children, were feared dead and many suffered serious burn injuries when a private bus caught fire in Chilwarai locality situated on Gonda-Bahriach highway under Kotwali rural police station in Bahriach district of Uttar Pradesh late on Friday night. Over 60 persons were said to be on board the bus. They were going to a sufi shrine. The bus collided with a truck before catching fire. The exact number of casualties could not be confirmed as rescue operations were still underway.According to the district magistrate of Bahriach, Kinjal Singh, eight charred dead bodies have been recovered so far and 44 people who suffered burn injuries have been admitted to the district hospital. The condition of 18 persons was serious. Two critically injured passengers have been referred to Trauma Centre in Lucknow. The accident took place at around 10.30 pm. The bus lost control and caught fire after colliding with a truck parked outside a sugar mill situated on the highway. There was an explosion in the bus after the crash.The district magistrate said that people witness to the accident said that there was an explosion after the bus hit the truck. She said that the explosion was apparently caused by LPG cylinders kept in the bus. She said that many passengers were perhaps knocked down by the explosion and could not escape. However, she said that around 10-12 people managed to came out and were rushed to the hospital by the locals. The bus was also badly damaged due to explosion which made exit difficult for the passengers trapped inside.However, local told media-persons that the death toll can be above 25. The angry locals also blocked the highway to protest delay in arrival of administrative help. They claimed that only a fire tender arrived after half an hour of the accident. It ran out of extinguisher and could not douse the flames. Later, one more fire tender arrived along with five ambulances and a team of doctors. Senior officers, they said, came two hours after the accident. But before that people on their own rescued some passengers and took them to hospital.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293779", "title": "Bollywood at Arjun Kapoor's big bash", "text": "Arjun Kapoor is on cloud nine. Happy with the way his recent debut Ishaqzaade has been received by the audience and critics alike, Boney and late Mona Kapoor's son threw a big bash at his uncle Sanjay Kapoor's residence in Juhu on Thursday night. Arjun's sister Hanshula and many Bollywood A-listers turned up for the do.Hanshula, who specially flew down from New York on the morning of Thursday headed straight to a multiplex to see her brother's much talked about film. It was heartwarming to see Arjun Kapoor's ex, Salman Khan's sister Arpita, attend the party. Buzz is the two were in a steady relationship for quite a few years before they broke up some time ago. That the two are still very much in touch came as a pleasant surprise. Arpita was accompanied by Mallaika Arora Khan and Amrita Arora. Spotted at the get-together were Salman Khan, Kareena and Karisma Kapoor, Karan Johar, Ranveer Singh and Anushka Sharma among other celebrities. Not to mention Parineeti Chopra, who was by Arjun's side for the most part.An eye witness from the party let us in on the juicy bits. \"The lead pair of Ishaqzaade received many compliments from the guests. Almost all those who attended the party had seen the film.\" Ishaqzaade director, the otherwise reticent Habib Faisal was seen enjoying himself. Importantly, all eyes were on Ranveer and Anushka's unmistakeable chemistry.Revealed the witness, \"They very much looked like a couple. They came in together and did not leave each other's side throughout the party.\"Ranveer seemed excited about his forthcoming film Lootera , said the witness, adding, \"Thankfully, there was no Sonakshi Sinha at the party. Else who knows, there might have been fireworks.\"Meanwhile, Karan Johar was heard telling people, \"Please come in formals and black.\" Kareena and Karisma kept each other company. Salman had his arm around Arjun for most of the time. \"Salman loves Arjun. They have worked out in the past in the gym for the longest time. They have never had any friction between them,\" said the witness.Boney Kapoor wasn't there through most of the revelry however he may have come later, according to the source. All said, almost everyone left the party, in high spirits quite literally.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13291333", "title": "Statistical highlights of Deccan Chargers-Rajasthan Royals IPL match", "text": "HYDERABAD: Statistical highlights of the IPL match between Deccan Chargers and Rajasthan Royals on Friday:# Shikhar Dhawan's run-aggregate of 564 at an average of 43.38 in 14 matches is the second best in the competition after Chris Gayle's 706 (ave.64.18) in 14 matches.# Dhawan's tally of 964 at an average of 38.56 in 28 games is the third highest for Deccan in the IPL, behind Adam Gilchrist (1220) and Rohit Sharma (1170).# Rajasthan Royals' 126/8 is their second lowest total against Deccan Chargers, next only to the 113 at Kimberley on May 11, 2009.# Rajasthan have equalled their lowest total in the IPL 5. They had registered 126/3 against Pune at Pune and 126/6 against Chennai Super Kings at Jaipur.# Deccan Chargers have won three and lost eleven out of 15 in the IPL 5 (NR 1).# Deccan Chargers have recorded their second victory in nine matches against Rajasthan Royals in the IPL.# The third team after Deccan Chargers and Pune Warriors to be eliminated in the present competition is Rajasthan Royals.# Rajasthan have won seven games and lost eight out of 15 contested in the present edition of the IPL.# With their magnificent five-wicket win, Deccan Chargers have registered their biggest victory at Rajiv Gandhi International Stadium, Uppal, Hyderabad in the IPL.# Deccan Chargers' win is their second in 17 matches at Hyderabad in the IPL. They had defeated Royal Challengers Bangalore by 33 runs at this venue on April 14, 2011.# Ajinkya Rahane , with 547 at an average of 52.07 in 15 matches, is the top run-scorer for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL 2012.# Rahul Dravid's tally of 457 at an average of 30.46 in 15 games is the second highest for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL 2012.# Owais Shah is the third Rajasthan batsman to manage 300 runs or more in the IPL 2012, totalling 312 at an average of 34.66 in 12 matches.# Amit Mishra has taken his tally to 72 at an average of 20.88 in 58 matches in the IPL overall - the fourth highest.# With 15 wickets at 18.46 runs apiece in 11 matches, Dale Steyn is the top wicket-taker for Deccan Chargers in the present competition.# Mishra's tally of 11 wickets at 31.90 runs apiece in 13 matches is the second highest for Deccan in the IPL 5.# The leading wicket-takers in the IPL overall are - Lasith Malinga (82), RP Singh (74), Piyush Chawla (73), Amit Mishra (72) and Munaf Patel (70).# Steyn has received his third Man of the Match award in the IPL.# Akshath Reddy (42 off 35 balls) has posted his highest score for Deccan Chargers in the IPL.# Cameron White has amassed 478 runs (ave.47.80) in 12 games, including five fifties, in the IPL 5.# Jean-Paul Duminy's average of 85.00 is the best in the IPL 5 - 170 runs in eight innings, six times not out.# Siddharth Trivedi , with 13 wickets at 26.38 in 13 matches, is the top wicket-taker for Rajasthan Royals in the IPL 2012.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280469", "title": "High court turns down Lakshman Seth's bail plea", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday turned down the bail plea of former CPM MP and Haldia strongman Lakshman Seth, who was arrested in the abduction-cum-murder case of seven anti-land acquisition agitators during the Nandigram movement.A division bench headed by justice Ashim Roy rejected the plea of Seth and Amiya Sahu, observing that the prosecution has made a prima facie case against Seth.The court also noted the prosecution's points that Seth had refused summons and had fled West Bengal when the CID started looking for him.The former MP has been accused of complicity in the murders of seven Trinamool Congress workers abducted from a rally organized by the BUPC in Nandigram on November 10, 2007.The CID had arrested Seth and his aides former CPI(M) MLA Amiyo Sahu and East Midnapore CPI(M) district committee member Ashok Guria from a guesthouse at Chembur in Mumbai on March 17.The CID had on January 30 submitted a charge sheet against 88 people, including Seth and his two aides.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jammu", "code": "13296059", "title": "Security forces bust militant hideout in Jammu", "text": "JAMMU: Security forces on Saturday busted a militant hideout in the mountainous Ramban district of Jammu and Kashmir state and recovered arms and ammunition, said defence sources.The hideout was in a natural cave. The troops of 23 Rashtriya Rifles and the Jammu and Kashmir police launched a joint operation, based on a tip off, in the Kurzi area near village Buzla of Ramban district.According to sources, two UBGL Grenades, two PIKA ammunition, 1000 AK ammunition, one AK-47, one sniper rifle, three 12 bore rifles and two sniper magazines were recovered by the security forces.The area was cordoned and a search operation was launched. But no arrests have been made so far.On Friday, receiving a tip off, the police had arrested a suspect carrying an AK-47 rifle in Poonch. The suspect, later identified as Nissar Ahmed, is a resident of Sheendhara in the border district.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kota", "code": "13282922", "title": "More students from Rajasthan clear IIT hurdle", "text": "KOTA: The results of Joint Entrance Examinations (JEE) declared on Friday evoked mixed reactions in the coaching capital of India for IIT preparations. With just one candidate from Kota making it to the top 10 this year, and 21 securing positions among first 100, the results were below expectations. More number of students from the state, however, cleared the exam this year.Nishit Agarwal, a resident of Gangapur City in Sawai Madhopur, bagged the sixth position, the highest in the state. The first rank in the Scheduled Tribe (ST) category was grabbed by Vikas Meena from Kota. Jaipur's Shrey Goyal and Suraj Sanjay Jog, who sat for the exams from Kota, jointly shared the 24th rank with equal marks in all the subjects. According to information available with the coaching institutes, this is the second highest rank in the state.\"It is a memorable moment for me. Finally, my hard work has paid off. I owe my success to my parents and teachers,\" said an elated Nishit, who took coaching from Allen Career Institute in Kota.Aiming to pursue a career in research, he said, \"I will opt for electrical engineering from IIT-Bombay.\" His father is a government servant posted in Kota.Suraj, who hails from Muscat, and has been studying in Kota for the past two years, realized his father's dream of making it through the entrance exam.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "itanagarar", "code": "13283074", "title": "Nabam Tuki urges Assam chief minister to take action against 'intruders'", "text": "ITANAGARAR: The Arunachal Pradesh government reacted to the intrusion of people from Assam into its territory at Tarasso under Papum Pare district. A group of people led by Vivek Das, a local CPI (ML) leader from Borgang in Assam's Sonitpur district held a bike-rally at Tarasso village on Thursday. They carried red flags and shouted anti-Arunachal and derogative slogans hurting tribal sentiments.Chief minister Nabam Tuki convened an emergency meeting on Thursday, which was attended by the chief secretary, home commissioner, DGP and IGP, a source informed. Tuki directed the state police to immediately deploy additional security forces at Tarasso to regain the confidence of the fear-stricken villagers and maintain law and order.Tuki also wrote to Assam chief minister Tarun Gogoi expressing displeasure on the repeated acts of breach of status quo on the part of the people from the neighboring state. He called for immediate intervention of Gogoi to take legal action against the 'intruders' for creating tension along the inter-state boundary.Tuki added that if stringent action was not taken against the 'intruders' soon, the situation may snowball into a major confrontation that will not augur well for both the states, the source added. He also informed home minister P Chidambarm about the matter in writing, seeking his intervention.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282989", "title": "Asom Gana Parishad to focus on rural, health issues: Prafulla Mahanta", "text": "GUWAHATI: A day after taking charge as the new AGP chief, former chief minister Prafulla Mahanta on Friday announced that the party is now going to concentrate on the rural and health issues of the state more aggressively than earlier.The new chief announced that the party would shift its focus to village areas and try to build a base even in the remotest corners of the state. AGP will host a meeting with its grasssroots workers from May 21 on the matter.\"We are now looking to build a strong regionalism force in the far fringe areas of the state. AGP needs to strengthen its roots in the state and it will start the process in no time. We have already called for a meeting with our grassroots workers to discuss the strategy,\" Mahanta told mediapersons.Coming down heavily on the Congress government, Mahanta said that the reigning government has only cheated the people of the state with empty promises of development.\"Congress claims that it has brought progress in the state, but this is a farce. Tarun Gogoi sanctioned Rs 9,000 crore for the state in the annual plan for this fiscal, which is pitiable compared to other states. However, other states like Bihar, Uttar Pradesh, Chhattisgarh got far more than Assam,\" he added.For the year 2011-12, Bihar got Rs 24,000 crore and UP received Rs 47,000 crore from the planning commission.\"In 2000-01, Assam had got Rs1,481.38 crore whereas Chhattisgarh had got only Rs 469.69 crore. However, Chhattisgarh was sanctioned Rs 16,710 crore for this fiscal and Assam got only Rs 9,000 crore. The figures itself reveals the veracity of Tarun Gogoi's claim of progress,\" said Mahanta.The AGP leader said that the Tarun Gogoi government in the last decade has only painted a camouflaged picture of growth and development before the people of the state.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13290693", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012 results: Son of Odisha village shopkeeper bags 154th rank", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: 18-year-old Rakesh Ranjan Nayak, the son of a poor village shopkeeper, surprised all when his name appeared in the list of successful candidates for this year's IIT-JEE.While Rakesh ranked 154 in the All-India merit list, he stood 18th in the list of Other Backward Caste (OBC) category students. He also topped the list of 240 successful candidates from Odisha.\"I was expecting a place in the top 500 list. But I am surprised to find my name in the 154th rank,\" Rakesh told PTI after being felicitated by Chief Minister Naveen Patnaik here at the state secretariat.Eldest among three children of Raj Kishore Nayak of Saranggada village in riot-hit Kandhamal district, Rakesh had secured 95.8 per cent in 10th standard board examination and 95.2 per cent in Plus-II (Science) examination last year.He was a student of Jawahar Navadoy Vidyalaya (JNV) near his village. \"I am indebted to my school which shaped my career. Had I not been in JNV, it was impossible on may part to dream to get opportunity to study in IIT,\" Rakesh said.Rakesh said he was interested to get into IIT-Mumbai and study electrical engineering. \"I want to do research in electrical engineering in future,\" he said.Rakesh's father Raj Kishore, having a formal education upto 10th standard, was happy with his son's success while mother Sabitarani visited the temple to thank the village goddess. The entire village is celebrating Rakesh's success, Sabitarani said.\"I am a poor shopkeeper. I do not know much about his education. His uncles got him admitted at a private coaching institute in Bhubaneswar a year ago. I do not know what IIT is,\" the father told PTI over phone from his small grocery shop at Saranggada village.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13282262", "title": "Nabard manager urges banks to popularize Kisan Credit Card", "text": "PATNA: National Bank for Agriculture and Rural development (Nabard) Chief General Manager D V Deshpande on Friday urged all commercial banks to devise a strategy for popularising Kisan Credit Card (KCC) so that all eligible farmers including oral lessees, tenant farmers and share croppers can be covered under KCC in Bihar.He was addressing a meeting of commercial banks convened by Nabard , Bihar regional office, on Friday.In his inaugural address, Nabard general manager K P Chand advised all commercial banks to popularise the schemes at mass level so that rural community of the state can be benefitted at large.Nabard deputy general manager S K Mazumdar informed the bankers about waiver of weavers' loans, issue of fresh loans upto Rs 20,000, loan guarantee under Credit Guarantee Trust for Micro and Small enterprises (CGTMSE) and 3 % interest subvention by the Government of India (GOI) for three years. He also informed that under Weavers' Credit Card Scheme, a margin money assistance of Rs 4,200 per weaver along with 3% interest subvention for three years will be provided by the Government of India.The detailed information regarding revised KCC scheme such as issuing KCC as smart card-cum-debit card, validity increased from three years to five years, provision of term loan (dairy, pump set) along with short term loan were issues discussed with the senior officers of the banks.Weavers Credit Card Scheme, Government of India's Revival Package for Handloom sector and Institutional Credit under Integrated Handloom Development scheme were also discussed in detail at the meeting. Commercial banks were also informed that revival package for handloom sector will be implemented after signing of an MoU between GOI, Nabard and Bihar government. Several issues regarding loans available to farmers, which were raised during recently held SLBC meeting, were also discussed.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281492", "title": "Five arrested for murdering 25-year-old", "text": "NASHIK: The Panchvati police have arrested five people in connection with the murder case that occurred on Thursday. The accused have been identified as Nikhil More, Pravin Sahane, Amol Nikam, Akash Gavli and Pratik Suryawanshi. While Sahane is from Sinnar, all others are from the Peth Road area.Bhagwan Sanap (25) was killed by the mob of five in the Kalanagar area on Dindori Road. Sources said that an argument broke out between Sanap and the five accused, which turned into a skirmish.Incensed, the attackers smashed Sanap's head with a stone and fled the scene. They were arrested late on Thursday night. Further investigations are underway.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13304257", "title": "Lessons for India's orchids from Taiwan", "text": "There is an exotic flower in little Taiwan's diplomatic quiver - orchids. And so seriously does the country take its orchid trade that of the $150 million worth of flowers it exports annually, orchids account for a staggering 77% of the business. Cashing in on the growing recognition of its flower power, Taiwan recently scored some sorely needed international points - it was, after all, banished into global geopolitical wilderness in 1971 when western powers officially recognised China, dismissing Taiwan's competing claim to the mantle of the Chinese republic - by naming orchids after various state leaders, including Queen Elizabeth II and former French first lady Bernadette Chirac .Last month, it presented Queen Beatrix of the Netherlands with a new breed of orchid, christening the flower 'Happy Venlo' after the Dutch city where it was unveiled. The potency of such flower diplomacy should be evident to a country like India with its diverse floral habitats and huge orchid growing potential. But can India's floriculture industry emulate Taiwan's success? The hurdles, many orchid growers here say, are such that converting this possibility into a lucrative export industry, let alone a tool for diplomacy, is a giant task.Vikaas Gutgutia, founder and managing director of Ferns N Petals, says that orchids form around 9% (over 1,300 indigenous species) of our flora in India, and that Sikkim, Arunachal Pradesh , Himachal Pradesh , Assam are all orchid-rich states. Even Kerala has a congenial climate for commercial orchid cultivation. The bottlenecks, though, are as obvious as the opportunity. \"Although local consumption of orchids is increasing, the domestic market is dominated by cheap rejects from Thailand ,\" says Prof SP Vij, secretary of the Orchid Society of India. \"As orchid cultivation is cost intensive, local growers simply can't compete with the cheap imports.\"Apart from foreign competition, systemic issues abound. \"The domestic orchid industry is suffering from the wrong planning of the government,\" Vij asserts. \"While the government does provide financial assistance to orchid growers under various horticulture packages, 70-80% of the grants are fake or given to undeserving candidates. The failure of the authorities to involve orchid promotion societies in policy formulation is the main reason for this mess.\"But one state that appears to be making significant strides in the orchid trade is Sikkim. Dubbed as the home of Cymbidium orchids, the state's orchid mission has brought rich rewards for local growers. \"Orchid growers in Sikkim have been producing around 10 million cut flowers annually through group cultivation and other programmes of the state government,\" says former state chief secretary and an authority on orchids KC Pradhan. However, the challenge here is getting the produce to foreign markets. \"Post-harvest, orchids have to be shipped out quite fast. But for cultivators in the northeast the shipping infrastructure is lacking. If the Bagdogra airport is upgraded to handle orchid cargo, it will open up foreign markets such as Southeast Asia for local growers,\" Pradhan affirms.Norden Pempahishey of Holumba orchid nursery in Darjeeling elaborates other challenges faced by local cultivators. \"The commercial Cymbidium orchid has a long gestation period of four to six years. This makes it difficult for small farmers to get into the trade. Secondly, since demand in the orchid industry is determined by changing tastes, it is a challenge to source good orchid varieties to keep pace with emerging trends,\" says Pempahishey.Having recently recognised the potential of its orchid industry, India is a latecomer to the global orchid scene. But through the use of cutting-edge technology, this can be turned into an advantage. \"If India is serious about using its orchid industry as a diplomatic tool, it has to adopt a step-by-step approach,\" says Wenchyi Ong, Representative of the Taipei Economic and Cultural Center in New Delhi. \"There is good scope for bilateral cooperation between India and Taiwan in the orchid trade. Taiwan can help train Indian orchid growers and even facilitate technology transfer in terms of hybridisation, cloning techniques, packaging and transportation. The biggest advantage of partnering with Taiwan is the low cost of Taiwanese technology,\" he adds.Given its orchid-growing potential, India can be at the forefront of the international orchid trade. All that it requires is addressing a few structural issues. A booming orchid industry would not only do wonders for the local economy but also add another dimension to India's soft power. Asif Ali Zardari and Sheikh Hasina Wajed surely would love Indian orchids named after them.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284339", "title": "Bombay zone gets biggest share of JEE pie", "text": "MUMBAI: IIT-JEE results were declared on Friday. Of all the seven zones (prepared on the basis of the old IITs), the western region saw the largest pool of students who qualified--4 ,239. Of these, 491 are girls. As many as 73,351 candidates took the test from this zone.The Madras zone, from where 71,981 candidates sat for the JEE, will send 3,666 candidates to the 15 tech schools.Closer home, only 599 of the 4,696 students who sat for JEE from Mumbai qualified; of the 22,331 who appeared for the exam from Maharashtra , 1,796 made it.Out of 33,057 candidates from Jaipur, many of whom prepared from coaching centres in Kota, 2,677 made the cut. A total of 4.8 lakh candidates appeared for the JEE. Of them, 17,462 have been short-listed for the counselling process for admission to the IITs. But 24,112 have secured ranks and can join other colleges that accept JEE scores.JEE chairman G D Reddy said that across India, the report card of reserved category students had improved. \"There will not be any preparatory programme for SC/ ST students this year. Only 124 students from the physically challenged category have been short-listed for the preparatory programme.\"Of the 4,805 OBC candidates who qualified, 1,625 made it to the common merit list. Of the 3,464 SC and 654 ST students who qualified, about 300 made it without the handicap of score relaxation. Nishanth Rumandla (AIR 4) is the OBC topper ; Zubin Arya (AIR 94) came first on the SC merit list; and Vikas Meena (AIR 642) topped the ST merit list.In all, the 15 IITs, IT-BHU and ISM, Dhanbad, have 9,647 seats, apportioned as: 4,722 for the general category, 2,101 for OBCs, 434 for minority OBCs, 1,403 for SCs, 708 for STs and 279 for physically challenged students.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13278412", "title": "Faridabad boy tops IIT entrance exam", "text": "NEW DELHI: The landline at Arpit Agarwal's Faridabad home rang at 5.45am on Friday. It was the IIT joint entrance exam chairman, congratulating him on ranking first among 4.8 lakh aspirants who took the test this year. Arpit was confident he had done well, but first rank came as a huge surprise. His winning formula is something of a surprise too - four hours of studies a day and a healthy dose of Facebook and net surfing to relax.\"I knew my score and my coaching class had done some research and informed me that I may be coming first,\" says Arpit. \"But I was not completely sure. I deactivated my Facebook profile day before yesterday; I knew it would flooded with friend requests if I did come first,\" he laughs.A total of 70,671 candidates appeared in JEE 2012 from IIT Delhi zone, of which 2,906 have got the call for admission counselling.Arpit says he did not study all day, nor did he stay up all night to make it to IIT. \"I studied for four hours every day. I used to unwind too by networking with friends on Facebook and surfing on the internet. I think I managed time well. My family supported me through the year, they made sure I wasn't disturbed when I was studying.\" But he did stay away from family get-togethers and functions for almost a year to avoid getting distracted from his routine. A Dan Brown fan, Arpit says he relaxed with books or popular Hindi music.Despite excelling in mathematics, Arpit feels pure science or research is not for him. \"IIT has the best brains. I want to learn from them while I am at IIT but after that I want to get a degree in management. It's important to learn the fundamentals of management to perform well in any field. Even if I join a software company, a management degree will make me a more efficient worker,\" he says. As of now, he plans to specialize in computer science at IIT Delhi and then hopefully, get an MBA degree from the Indian Institute of Management (IIM).Arpit's advice to IIT aspirants is to be focused and manage time well. \"I managed time in a way that I could finish my syllabus and revise as many times as I wanted. I think aspirants should manage time intelligently.\"Archana Agarwal, Arpit's mother, vouches for it. \"He really did not study for long hours. He used to sleep around 11pm and wake up at 7am. We never had to nudge him about studying. He knew what to do. We just trusted him and tried not to disturb him,\" she says. He has been topping exams all through school, though. \"Arpit performed excellently in all science Olympiads and is a National Talent Search Examination (NTSE) scholar. He came first in the Mathematics Olympiad too,\" says the proud mother.\"I stopped teaching Arpit when he was in class XI,\" confesses his father O P Agarwal, a CPWD engineer. \"Since then he has been studying on his own. I don't know what motivates him. We never urged him to do any particular stream.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13296674", "title": "Surya drops in on Settai set", "text": "Actor Surya dropped in on the sets of Settai, the Tamil remake of Delhi Belly, recently. A source tells us, \"The units of Maatraan and Settai are shooting in Binny Mills, near the airport. And Suriya, who was keen on finding out more about what was happening on Settai set, paid the team a visit.He caught up with director Kannan and actors Arya and Santhanam, who were shooting for their scenes. While Kannan elaborated on what sequence he was shooting, Suriya also gave them a glimpse of what was happening on Maatraan front. Later, the Settai team paid K V Anand a visit on his set as well. Producer Dhananjayan was also present on the sets then!\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bangalore", "code": "13282154", "title": "Cops check official's audit reports", "text": "BANGALORE: Three days after the attempt on the life of SP Mahantesh, deputy director of cooperative audit, police are looking seriously into whether the attack had anyt8h8ing to do with his work of inspecting the city's scam-tainted housing cooperatives.Investigating authorities have collected from the directorate of cooperative audit, a list of societies he worked with last year and was working with this year. Police are also looking into audit reports of some high-profile scam-tainted housing cooperative societies too.They said that last year, Mahantesh audited five cooperative societies: Postal Audit Cooperative Society, Remco BHEL House Building Cooperative Society, Kammavari Cooperative Society, Mimila Cooperative Society and Jayachamarajendra Credit Cooperative Society.During the current year, Mahantesh was tasked with the responsibility of auditing Saptashree Credit Cooperative Society, Sahakarnagar Credit Cooperative Society, Prakashnagar Credit Cooperative Society, Railwaymen Housing Cooperation Society and Aircraft Employees' Cooperative Society.Mahantesh's colleagues believe none of the societies he was auditing would gain anything by attacking him. \"The audit reports of the last year have been submitted and only one society has been audited till now during the current year,\" a colleague said.Co-Ops Came Under HimSources in the directorate of coope rative audit said that as deputy director (urban), Mahantesh was in charge of all the cooperatives in Bangalore Urban district, and all files pertaining to their audit landed on his table. He has been holding the post for two years.A whistleblower confirmed to TOI that Mahantesh helped many like him wi8th documents on irregulariti8es committed by various societies. \"By virtue of being the officer in-charge of Bangalo8re Urban district, audit repo8rts on many societies came to him,\" the whistleblower said .The audit details of BEML Employees Cooperative Society and Remco BHEL House Building Cooperative Society have gone missing from the directorate's website. An official claimed it was due to a technical problem.Mahantesh better, police await cluesSP Mahantesh (in pic) is responding to treatment but is still critical, doctors attending to him in Mallige Hospital said. Police hope Mahantesh recovers soon and provides vital clu es that can lead them to his attac8k8ers. They said CCTV cameras installed in front of Hotel Atria on Palace Road, where he was attacked, have not provided any leads on the vehicle used by the assailants. \"It was dark and raining, and the cam8era footage did not provide us with anything substantial,\" said T Sun8eel Kumar, additional commissioner of police, law and order.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13278086", "title": "In 2011, challan drives yield Punjab police Rs 2cr profit", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Facing criticism for shoddy investigation and low conviction ratio in criminal cases, the Punjab Police have at last found one reason to pat itself. Its various challan drives in 2011 have yielded the department around Rs 2 crores more in fines than in 2010. Maximum challan drives were carried out in big districts covering largest urban areas, including Patiala, Ludhiana, Jalandhar and Amritsar among others.In 2010, the state traffic police recovered Rs 18.66 crores. A year later, they recovered Rs 20.02 crores through more than 5,000 challan drives. In 2009, the amount of challan money recovered was Rs 12.18 crores. Interestingly, a major chunk of this money came from challaning of two-wheelers.The challan figures reveal that if 9.78 lakh vehicles were challaned in 2011, the number of challaned two-wheelers was 1.88 lakhs. In 2010, out of 1.39 lakhs vehicles challaned, 8.06 lakhs were two-wheelers. All these drives also took a toll on the department. As many as 3,019 traffic police personnel, including those of DSP rank, were misbehaved with and thrashed by traffic violators in 2011. According to traffic police sources, \"The prime reason behind the sudden increase of challan money is the introduction of compounded challan system since January, 2010.\" They maintained the compounded challan system allows the cops to collect the challan money on the spot.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "tirupati", "code": "13304788", "title": "Upsets mark second round of national challengers chess", "text": "TIRUPATI: Former Commonwealth Champion and International Master Atanu Lahiri of LIC suffered a shock defeat at the hands of Visakh N R of Tamil Nadu in the second round of the 50th National Challengers Chess Championship underway on Saturday.On a day of upsets, Vignesh's elder brother N R stunned national Under-25 champion and International Master Rahul Sangma of Railways.Among other highlights, talented Andhra Pradesh youngster Praneeth Surya held fifth seed IM Swayams Mishra of Orissa to a creditable draw while IM Varugueese Koshy of PSPB and IM D P Singh of Railways were shocked by unheralded Lakshmi Sandeep Naidu of Andhra Pradesh and Rishi Sardana of Delhi respectively.However, top seeded IM Vikramaditya Kulkarni had it easy against Niladri Shekhar Bhattacharya of West Bengal while second seed S Satyapragyan of Air India scored a facile win over Rajib Dhar of Assam.Third seed and World Under-18 Bronze medallist Debashis Das of Orissa defeated Anjan Mallick of West Bengal.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13283669", "title": "My great grand-aunt", "text": "The Oxford dictionary, or so my computer tells me, recognizes words like great-grandfather (which means the father of a grandparent) and grand-uncle or greatuncle (meaning uncle of a parent). I crave your indulgence while I boast a little about my lineage, but with a good reason. The point is that I come from quite an illustrious family of achievers, even if I say so myself. My (maternal) uncle and (also maternal) grand-uncle both won Nobel Prizes for their work in Physics. But this article is about my paternal grand-aunt who, in my book, is the greatest achiever among all my relatives. I want to talk about this great grand-aunt (not to be confused with great-grandaunt !) who led a simply astounding life.She was known simply as Sister - conjecturally owing to a cute remark made long ago by her kid sister, my grandmother - to multitudes of women who had had unbelievably unfortunate lives until they had the good fortune of coming across her. She lived in a house right opposite the house where we lived when I was a little boy. I only remember her as a petite sweet old lady with a head of silvery hair, always dressed in impeccable white sarees and forever fussing with a hearing aid which would periodically make cooing noises, much to her annoyance.I was 17 when she died. Her body had been laid out in the front sit-out of her house. And from the wee hours of the morning, there was a seemingly unending stream of women who kept coming, with tears streaming down their cheeks as they walked around the body of this silvery woman and paid their last respects to this great lady. It was a revelation to me, who had had no clue till then of what a fantastic life she had led. The haunting memory of that day is of the woman who came running to the old style cremation ground just as many of us were returning after having completed the last rites and consigned the great lady's mortal remains to the flames.This woman just kept sobbing inconsolably. As soon as she had heard (somewhere in Andhra where she was living then) of Sister's passing away, she had taken whatever buses and trains she had had to take in order to try, in vain as it eventually turned out, to pay her final respects to the physical frame that had once housed the person who had given her a new life when any hope of a normal one had appeared to have ended. Now let me divulge the secret of her greatness. She had been 'married', when she herself was just eleven years old, to a boy just a few years older, and who died not much later. This was around 1900, and what the Brahmin community did in those days to a child widow belonged to a master-class in sadism.The little girl would be dressed up in all her bridal finery, jewellry (and the more the better), silk sari, etc, etc. And some duly authorized dignitary would proceed to successively remove all this finery from the poor child, and the piece de resistance was when she was tonsured, and the bald girl was made to change from her silk sari to a 'sari' of coarse white cotton, without even the customary blouse to cover the upper body. At the end of all this, the girl was banished to some unseen inner corner of the house, to lead the rest of her life in this attire and form, essentially as a servant/cook/oddjob-person , one never to be seen by outsiders or to participate in any 'auspicious' event!Fortunately, Sister's parents (and a widowed aunt, who also lived with them) showed themselves to be remarkably courageous and enlightened people who simply refused to permit a brutal society to steal the life of their remarkable daughter. Much to the derision and criticism of the 'neighbours and relatives', not only did they spare Sister the customary barbarism doled out to child widows, they even went out of the way to enable Sister to have a complete education. She stood first in the entire Madras Presidency in her school exams. In the face of people telling him 'ok you have made your point, now this is more than enough', Sister's father got her into the Presidency College for her undergraduate studies . When she passed her BA in Botany with honours in 1911, she was the first Hindu woman, let alone a child widow, to have ever graduated from the entire Madras Presidency!Now she began repaying the faith and commitment of her father by leading an exemplary life as social reformer and educationist. The educational institutions she had a nontrivial role in starting are legion: Sarada Ladies Home, Queen Mary's College, Lady Willingdon Training School, Kuppam School (near the erstwhile Ice House), Sarada Cheri school in Cuddalore, Sarada Vidyalaya School, Srividya Kalanilayam , Mylapore Ladies Club which subsequently became Vidya Mandir, Mylapore (incidentally alma mater to me as well as to my daughter); and many times, Sister just handed over the running of institutions she had got up and running, without once attaching her name to the venture in any way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kozhikode", "code": "13282288", "title": "Syndicate panel finds lapses in Calicut University consultancy contract", "text": "KOZHIKODE: The Calicut University Syndicate subcommittee, which probed the architectural consultancy contract for the green sports complex and the administrative block of the university, has found procedural lapses in granting of the contract to the firm, Alphonse Associates.Friday's syndicate meeting brought out the sharp differences between some syndicate members and the vice-chancellor over the 'cancellation' of the contract, which resulted in the syndicate meeting failing to confirm the minutes of the meeting.The firm was awarded contract for the construction of the Rs 92 crore green sports complex building as well as the Rs 30 crore administrative block as per the decision taken at the syndicate meeting on February 17. The university had also decided to give 2.75% of the project estimate as consultation fee.A three-member syndicate subcommittee was constituted to probe allegations that the university had entrusted the contract to the firm without following due process and without inviting a public expression of interest from reputed firms. Syndicate member RS Panikkar had written to the vice-chancellor citing procedural irregularities in granting the contract.The firm had submitted a project plan for the sports complex and the administrative block. The subcommittee, in its report placed before the syndicate, found that due procedure was not followed while awarding the contract. It has recommended that a fresh expression of interest be floated for the project.The syndicate meeting decided to accept the report, but a section of syndicate members led by RS Panikkar said the meeting should also cancel the earlier decision of the syndicate to appoint Alphonse Associates as the consultant.They said the decision to invite fresh expression of interest will have no validity if the earlier decision to award the contract was not annulled. Syndicate members said that the vice-chancellor had objected to this proposal. The syndicate has to confirm the minutes of the meeting for its decisions to become valid.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13251316", "title": "MCA bans Shah Rukh Khan for 5 yrs, IPL chief says BCCI will decide", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Cricket Association on Friday banned Kolkata Knight Riders co-owner and Bollywood superstar Shah Rukh Khan from entering the Wankhede Stadium for five years for misbehaving with its officials and violating its rules.The \"unanimous\" decision was taken at the MCA Managing Committee meeting called to discuss action on Khan who was involved in a skirmish with the security and officials of the association after KKR's victory over Mumbai Indians on Wednesday night.MCA president Vilasrao Deshmukh, who chaired the meeting, said that his association was sending out a message that misbehaviour of any kind would not be tolerated.\"If rules are violated, action will be taken. It does not depend who the individual is. It's a message to everyone whosoever he or she may be that stern action will be taken if there is any misbehaviour,\" he told a press conference.Khan had, however, had denied he had misbehaved and acted only after children, including his kids, were \"manhandled\" by the security staff.\"How can he go inside the ground without proper accreditation? Even I can't go inside the ground if not invited for presentation ceremony,\" he said.\"We have handed a five-year ban on him and it was a unanimous decision. It applies to any match whether domestic or international at the Wankhede,\" he said.Asked if BCCI can reverse this decision to ban Khan, Deshmukh said, \"We have taken a decision to protect the dignity of our association. BCCI is our parent body and we have written to them informing what had happened. We have no control over BCCI's decision. We are also an independent body with the Wankhede being our property.\"IPL chairman Rajiv Shukla, however, said that a final decision will be taken by the BCCI.\"State bodies can only recommend but a final decision has to be taken by the BCCI. When the matter comes to BCCI, the Board will decide (on the ban),\" he told reporters in New Delhi.Deshmukh said that many MCA officials were present at the time of the fracas and they have expressed their strong views against Khan in the meeting.\"There were a lot of MCA officials present at the time of fracas. Nothing more was needed to prove that he (Khan) misbehaved. The Assistant Commissioner of Police himself was present and he said Khan was drunk,\" he said.Asked if there was still a chance of the ban being reconsidered, Deshmukh said, \"There is no question of that. Khan did not make any representation to us, nor apologise. He could also have filed a police complaint but he did not do that.\"Whether BCCI, IPL or MCA, such kind of misbehaviour cannot be tolerated. We have also filed a police complaint and it's upto the police to act now,\" he added.BCCI Chief Administrative Officer Ratnakar Shetty said that the Board has received a complaint from the MCA regarding the fracas.\"The BCCI has got a complaint from the MCA. We will see to it. We will also think of some measures from the next IPL onwards to ensure that such incidents do not happen in future,\" he said.\"This is an unprecedented situation. We have never come across such incidents in the last five years at the Wankhede Stadium. It was extreme restrain shown by the MCA officials in the face of abusive language being hurled on them. They should be appreciated,\" said Shetty.Khan had categorically denied that he was drunk and claimed that the scuffle broke out after MCA officials manhandled his kids who he had come to pick after the IPL match between KKR and Mumbai Indians. MCA officials, who have lodged a police complaint against the actor, however, gave a different version.Khan had also refused to apologise, saying that the security personnel and the MCA officials were high-handed and it was they who provoked him to use abusive language.\"I was not drunk, I had gone to pick up my children. The officials were extremely aggressive. I just got angry and said a few things in anger. I was one and they were 20-25 officials and they were extremely rude,\" Khan had said.Royal Challengers Bangalore team-owner Vijay Mallya said that \"being a team-owner does not override conduct\".\"I don't think ownership or status of Mr Khan is in question. Whatever I have seen is the MCA questioning his behaviour and that has to be addressed. The fact that he is a team-owner that does not override conduct,\" Mallya said in New Delhi.Asked about the ban on Khan by the MCA, Mallya refused to comment, saying, \"That's strictly between MCA and affected person. I can't comment on that.\"On suggestion on some quarters that IPL should be stopped, Mallya said, \"I don't think IPL has any role to play. Stopping IPL is a senseless suggestion.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhubaneswar", "code": "13284469", "title": "Poppy straw seized from Puri, two arrested", "text": "BHUBANESWAR: Excise sleuths on Friday seized huge quantities of poppy straw from Puri railway station and arrested two men for allegedly smuggling the contraband. The accused Jagannath Pal (32) and Sibu Guha (50) came from Belda town of West Bengal.The excise officials rounded up the accused outside the parcel centre of the station. The opium straws were stacked in seven bags. \"Current market value of the seized objects would be nearly Rs 12 lakh. The substance was brought from Kolkata in train,\" said inspector of excise intelligence and enforcement bureau (Cuttack), Amarendra Kumar Jena. The crackdown was conducted jointly by Cuttack and Puri excise wings.\"The accused very audaciously kept the intoxicants near the parcel centre to avoid police glare. They were planning to supply it to their clients in Puri,\" Jena said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13280736", "title": "Tidel Park in turmoil over power outages", "text": "CHENNAI: Power cuts and power holidays have thrown Tidel Park, the state's trophy IT destination, into a tailspin. Units operating out of the building are either moving people to other locations within the city or looking at other options.Tidel Park has power cuts between 4pm and 10pm daily and it can't draw grid power on Sundays and Tuesdays which are power holidays. \"It is hell working here. The Tidel management has not factored in the power situation. We have moved some 120 staff members to Ascendas IT Park (adjacent building) where we have another facility,\" said the head of a large US-based corporation which has operations in Tidel Park.Occupants say since Tidel Park is a \"closed\" building with very little scope for opening windows for cross ventilation, the same foul air gets circulated. \"Three of my colleagues fainted last week ...it is damn unhealthy. As a small stopgap measure, we purchased 300 fans,\" ranted another occupant, who did not wish to be identified.Sources said the Tamil Nadu Generation and Distribution Corporation (TANGEDCO) has withdrawn the exemption from power cuts granted to Tidel Park as it has failed to pay dues to the tune of 7 crore.Tidel Park is home to companies like Sify, Ajuba, iNautix, Cognizant and HCL Technologies besides others. It was inaugurated in July 2000 and has more than 1.28 million square feet of constructed space. The units working out of the building together employ nearly 12,000 software professionals.\"We had a problem last week. All this has been set right now,\" P Shanmugasundaram, MD of Tidel Park, said. He also said that for a park of Tidel's size, the required genset capacity was around 8,000 kVA. \"As of today all seven gensets with a combined capacity of 10,500 kVA are running. We are awaiting one more genset which we are hiring shortly,\" he said.He blamed companies for overstaffing people in small work stations. \"We have designed Tidel Park in a way where each person gets 100 square feet of space. Companies like iNautix dump three to four people per 100 square feet, that is bound to have a cascading effect on power consumption,\" Shanmugasundaram said.Occupants say Tidel Park has 12 chillers for the airconditioning units. \"Last week, only six were working. The management is not pro-active, they should ensure trouble-free operations,\" another occupant said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13283117", "title": "Shrikar Pardeshi is new Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation commissioner", "text": "PUNE: Nanded district collector Shrikar Pardeshi has been appointed as the municipal commissioner of the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation (PCMC). Pardeshi will replace Ashish Sharma, who is in Mussoorie for official training.The reshuffle was on cards as Sharma had completed the four-year tenure at the Pimpri Chinchwad Municipal Corporation. Sharma had received an extension for one year in 2011. He proceeded for the official training on May 1. In his absence, PMPML chairman and managing director R N Joshi was holding additional charges as the municipal commissioner.Prakash Kadam, additional commissioner, PCMC, confirmed that Pardeshi has been appointed as municipal commissioner. He said the civic body has received a letter from the state government about Pardeshi's appointment.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282224", "title": "Foundation stone laid", "text": "ALLAHABAD: The foundation stone for the central library of Uttar Pradesh Rajarshi Tandon Open University (UPRTOU) was laid by its vice chancellor A K Bakshi on Friday. The construction of the two-storied building will be completed by the Uttar Pradesh Rajkiya Nirman Nigam, Kaushambi unit, and the grant for the construction of the building has been given by Distance Education Council, New Delhi.Invited: Additional government advocate Mohd Israil Siddiqui has been invited to attend an international conference of jurists to be organised in London on May 28. Siddiqui is representing the government of Uttar Pradesh in the capacity of additional government advocate in the Allahabad High Court.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "hyderabad", "code": "13297798", "title": "Owais Shah reprimanded for breaching Code of Conduct", "text": "HYDERABAD: Rajasthan Royals batsman Owais Shah on Saturday received an official warning and reprimand for breaching the Indian Premier League (IPL) Code of Conduct during his team's match against Deccan Chargers at Rajiv Gandhi Stadium.Shah admitted the Level 1 offence (Article 2.1.2) of abuse of ground equipment and fittings.For Level 1 breaches of the IPL Code of Conduct, the match referee's decision is final and binding.Rajasthan Royals lost to Deccan Chargers by five wickets on Friday to crash out of the tournament.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "allahabad", "code": "13282230", "title": "Railways to ply special train to Ajmer for Urs pilgrims", "text": "ALLAHABAD: In view of Urs ceremony of the renowned Sufi saint Sheikh Moin-ud-din Chisti, the railway administration has decided to ply a special train between Barauni and Ajmer.This special train, having number 05285/05286, would leave Barauni at 7 am and arrive at Samastipur at 8:28 am, Muzaffarpur (9:40 am), Sonepur (11:05 am), Chhapra (12:25 pm), Mau (3:55 pm), Azamgarh (5:13 pm), Faizabad (10:10 pm), Barabanki (00:31 am), Lucknow (1:40 am), Kanpur (3:50 am), Etawa (5:38 am), Tundla (8:40 am), Agra Fort (9:45 am), Bayana (11:58 am), Sawai Madhopur (2 pm), Jaipur (4:25 pm), Phulera (5:25 pm), Madar (6:30 pm) and finally terminate at Ajmer at 6:50 pm.During the return journey, the train will leave Ajmer at 1 am and arrive at Madar at 1:12 am, Phulera (2:15 am), Jaipur (3:10 am), Sawai Madhopur (5:20 am), Bayana (8:05 am), Agra Fort (10:05 am), Etawa (12:23 pm), Kanpur (3:35 pm), Lucknow (5:10 pm), Barabanki (6:10 pm), Faizabad (9:27 pm), Azamgarh (2:25 am), Mau (3:10 am), Chhapra (6:25 am), Sonepur (7:55 am), Muzaffarpur (9:30 am), Samastipur (10:35 am) and finally terminate at Barauni at 11:45 am.This special train will ply from Barauni end on May 23 and from Ajmer end on May 30. This train will comprise one AC-III tier, nine sleeper and six general coaches. This train will also stop at Balia, Phepna, Rasra, Indara, Sarai Meer, Korsana Road and Shahganj stations.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277444", "title": "KEM Hospital shines after Rs 120-cr revamp", "text": "MUMBAI: Navin Shah's uncle is seriously ill, but the sparkling interiors of KEM Hospital's medicine ward are not lost on him. \"I hadn't expected it to be so clean,'' confesses the Kandivli resident Shah (name changed). Thanks to the completion of the second phase of KEM Hospital's Rs 120-crore makeover, patients and relatives visiting the sprawling heritage structure have shiny new benches, corridors and facilities to use.Walls have been decorated with grey marble-like material, wires have been hidden from gaze with steel sheets and staircases, too, have new slabs.The makeover has been funded by the BMC. Apart from wards 1, 5 and 9, the medical records department has been completely redone with white steel cupboards. Solar panels, too, have been laid out in Phase II and operation theatres given new ventilation systems. \"The makeover has been like a dream that is evolving slowly, because our buildings are heritage structures. But we are happy with the work done so far,'' said KEM Hospital dean Sanjay Oak. Heritage buildings need special clearances from the heritage committee. KEM Hospital was built in 1926 and its buildings are Group 2 and Group 3 heritage structures.The real challenge was in ensuring that services were not affected. Dr Oak added, \"I had to carry out the restoration work without stopping any work.'' The 2,000-bed hospital treats over 85,000 inpatients and 1.8 million outpatients every year.The makeover, which began in October 2009, was planned in three phases. Jitendra Jain of Neev Group, which is doing the restoration work, said, \"We have to restore 5.23 lakh square feet of a heritage structure. We had to acquire special machines to restore the stone masonry work and also had to ensure that the sound levels were kept to the minimum.'' The group has also worked on BMC's other hospitals such as Nair Hospital in Mumbai Central and Centenary Hospital in Kandivli.As part of Phase II, the hospital's heating, ventilation, air-conditioning and medical gas systems were upgraded. Work on laying an LPG gas line network and rainwater harvesting units as smoke detectors has also been done.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13284932", "title": "Police close probe into MCA complaint", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai police investigating the alleged abusing and manhandling of Mumbai Cricket Association ( MCA) security guard by super star Shahrukh Khan on Wednesday, have closed the investigations. The deputy commissioner of police Nisar Tamboli who is the official spokes person said,``the case of Shahrukh Khan case is over for us as it is non congizable offence. We have gone through the MCA's complaint and have concerned police station has taken a right decision that it is a NC Matter and nothing beyond that.''When asked whether they will be calling Khan for questioning, DCP Tamboli said,``We don't think that there is any need to record Khan's statement or examine the cctv footage. In future if the senior inspector of Marine Drive feels that there is something in the complaint, he can seek the court's permission under crpc 155 and restart the invesigations.''However sources said that the police have still awaiting the woman who was abused by Khan, to come forward and register the complaint. Police said that if she files the complaint than an FIR can be lodged.On Thursday the Marine Drive police station had registered a NC against Shahrukh Khan and two of his associates under Indian Penal Code (IPC) sections of 323 and 504 of voluntarily causing hurt and intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace.According to ACP Iqbal Shaikh, Khan who was under influence of alcohol had allegedly manhanded the security guard Vikas Dalvi when he tried to shoo away Khan and his men including his son and daughter from Wankhede stadium on early Thursday morning. A woman was abused by Khan when she went to take autograph from Khan.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277330", "title": "IIT-JEE, National Law University Entrance exams: Shubham, Radhika, Abhinav bring laurels to Bhopal", "text": "BHOPAL: Three local youths brought laurels to the city by securing good ranks in the IIT-JEE and national law entrance examinations. This year about 200 students from the city have cracked the IIT-JEE. Shubham Chandak achieved the highest All India rank of 15 while Radhika Yadav bagged seventh position in the National Law University, Delhi Entrance examination.Both students have cracked the respective exams in their first attempt. \"I was keenly waiting for the results. The objective was to put my best. I am happy after turning among top ten in the country for one of the best Law institute in the country,\" Radhika said. Her father, Vijay Yadav is a senior IPS officer who is presently posted as the Inspector General of Police, Bhopal.A beaming Radhika, student of Delhi Public School (DPS) told TOI, \"I am thankful to my parents who supported me. They motivated me and never imposed anything upon me. I am relieved that I lived up to the billing,\" Radhika said. She secured a total of 102 marks. \"The paper was quite tough which brought down the cut off list drastically,\" said Radhika.Talking about his daughter, Vijay Yadav said, \"She has been a dedicated student in school. We are happy after her result.\"Shubham Chandak of Bhopal does not have big stories to cite about spending long hours devouring books and making personal sacrifices to get to the top. Instead, he enjoyed preparing for IIT-JEE. \"I enjoyed preparing for IIT-JEE. I always relished studying and taking challenges,\" Shubham said. The 18-year old, Shubham started dreaming of cracking IIT even in class VIII. \"He had been a meritorious student since right through. We have never forced him on his career. It was his own decision,\" Sharad Chandak, father of Shubham said. Sharad is an assistant general manager with the State Bank of India.Hailing from Maharashtra, Sharad came to Bhopal two years back. \"I have been to several places owing to transfer. In spite of such regular moment, Shubham never lost his focus. Both achievers Radhika and Shubham admitted the importance of coaching coupled with self-study in cracking tough exams. \"Coaching helped refer right books and also provides good study material. However, it is the dedicated efforts of the students which make the difference, \"Shubham said who went to FIITJEE institute for his preparation.Shubham has also been selected to participate in the international chemistry Olympiad to be organised in Washington DC later this year. In all, four students were selected from India to represent the country in the prestigious competition. Radhika who took coaching from CLead institute, Bhopal, said, \"Besides coaching, students should devote time for self-study.\" Abhinav Gupta also achieved All India rank 17. Abhinav went to Kota for the preparation of IIT coaching. Talking on phone from Kota, Abhinav said he dedicated two years for IIT and the efforts paid him. \"I came to Kota two years back specially for the preparation of IIT,\" said Abhinav, a student of Rajiv Gandhi School. His father Rajesh Gupta is an IPS officer. Abhinav is waiting for Class XII result.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13277420", "title": "Safety nod crucial to monorail's December debut", "text": "MUMBAI: The first phase of the monorail from Chembur to Wadala is slated to be ready for the public in December but only if it gets the green signal on safety issues from its safety consultants from Singapore. Mumbai Metropolitan Region Development Authority (MMRDA) commissioner, Rahul Asthana, admitted that the project could take some more time if the safety consultant, SMRT of Singapore, wanted some changes before certifying that it has passed all stringent tests.The monorail project is running late. Announcements for its completion have been made several times in the past, but the target has not been met.Journalists were taken for a look at the station coming up at Bhakti Park but were not allowed inside the monorail yard at Wadala.A joint press meet addressed by Asthana and additional commissioner, Ashwini Bhide, on Friday sought to allay the fears of the public that all was not well with the monorail.Bhide said, \"The project has been delayed in the past but not stuck.''When asked whether there were any safety drills on how to tackle a terrorist attack or a big fire, she said they have had several meetings with the police on emergency issues. \"CCTVs at all monorail stations will be connected with the police network.\"Asthana said that in case of a sudden fire, the systems were geared to get the monorail cars to the next station and all safety measures would be in place for immediate action.The MMRDA commissioner said that initially there would be not be special compartments for ladies like in the suburban trains but this could change with time.Earlier, at a meeting at the Wadala monorail yard, PRK Murthy, head of transport planning at MMRDA, explained that the reason for the delay has been the problems with mapping utilities like water lines, power lines, gas pipelines, and sewerage lines. \"We have used the latesttechnology but have not been able to map them properly, so we have to dig very carefully and not damage them. This has caused a lot of delay,'' he said.The project has seen several accidents as well as protests from residents of chawls along its route, problems with transmission lines and even religious structures along its route from Chembur-Wadala-Jacob Circlea distance of 19.29 km.The first phase from Chembur to Wadala is nearing completion but the second phase from Wadala to Jacob Circle a distance of 10.36 km is still far from complete.Bhide promised that the second phase would be ready a year from now. in spite of all the hurdles of obtaining a free right of way.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13293472", "title": "Robert de Niro is on Arjun Rampal's wish-list", "text": "Representing Bollywood in Cannes is no small achievement for Arjun Rampal . As he gets set to walk the red carpet at Cannes Arjun admits, \"I don't think any male actor from Bollywood has been asked to represent our film industry before.So I feel good about this. Though I had been to Cannes earlier when I shared the stage with Nicole Kidman , this is something else. The closing ceremony is where I'll be making an appearance.It is apparently the most coveted section of the Cannes festival. I expect to be meeting some of my favourite actors and filmmakers from Hollywood and the rest of world cinema.\"Arjun has given his wish-list of international actors and directors to the alcohol brand which he'd be representing.Though he isn't revealing the names of the celebrities he is likely to meet we know for sure that Robert de Niro is on his wish-list. Arjun has met de Niro two years ago. \"I doubt he'll even remember that meeting. Chivas, the brand I'll represent at Cannes, has something called a 'creative brotherhood'. It's a pool of talent from all over the world. There will be the best actors and filmmakers from France,Germany and America at Cannes.I'm hoping to meet them. It's just so exhilarating to represent Hindi cinema in Cannes.\"Arjun has not zeroed in on the clothes he'd be wearing at Cannes. \"There's just been no time to decide these things. Right now I'm in Madhya Pradesh shooting for Prakash Jha.\"Arjun has grown a moustache for his part in Prakash Jha's Chakravyuha. \"This is the first time in my entire life that I've grown a moustache. It's very difficult to maintain it. I don't think I'll do it again.\"Contrary to rumours Arjun won't use his moustache look to play Pran's role in the new version of Zanjeer. \"The director Apoorva Lakhia and I are still to sit on the script. Nothing has been decided. But the moustache is only for Prakash Jha's film.\"", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13300820", "title": "Joshna Chinappa, Anaka Alankamony to spearhead Indian challenge in Chennai Open", "text": "CHENNAI: Joshna Chinappa and Anaka Alankamony will spearhead the Indian challenge in the WSA Chennai Open squash tournament to be held from May 22 to 26.The tournament offers USD 10,000 in prize money and has received entries from Malaysia , Australia, Egypt and England. The winner will take home USD 1900 and 350 world ranking points while the runner-up will receive USD 1300 and 280 world ranking points.Malaysia's Siti Munirah Josoh, ranked 40 in the world, has been accorded the top billing in the tournament.Chinappa, playing in only her second WSA event since her injury last year, has been seeded two as she used her pegged ranking of 41. Her current ranking is 71.The qualifying rounds will be played on May 22 and the main round commences the following day at the Indian Squash Academy.Seven local players, who will play the qualifying round, will join the 13 WSA players in the main draw.Srivatsan Subramaniam, General Secretary, TNSRA, said, \"Like every year, this year we hope to have a fantastic event that will be a breeding ground for our upcoming women players.\"Players in the main draw: Siti Munirah Jusoh (MAS, 40), Joshna Chinappa (IND, 71, PR41), Sarah-Jane Perry (ENG, 60), Pushppa Devi (MAS, 70), Salma Hany Ibrahim Ahmed (EGY, 81), Carrie Ramsey (ENG, 89), Zulhijjah Binti Azan (MAS, 101), Victoria Bell (ENG, 102), Anaka Alankamony (IND, 106), Jessica Turnbull (AUS, 111), Nouran Ahmed Gohar (EGY, 113), Mariam Ibrahim Metwally (EGY, 165) and Harshit Kaur Jawanda (IND, 175, wild card).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284397", "title": "Southern Command bids farewell to Army chief", "text": "PUNE: Gen V K Singh, Chief of Army Staff, who was in the city on a two-day visit, was given a warm farewell by the Southern Command HQ on Friday.General Singh, a third generation officer of Rajput Regiment is an alumnus of Birla Public School, Pilani and National Defence Academy, Khadakwasla. He was commissioned in 2 Rajput ( Kali Chindi) in 1970. He will retire at the end of this month.On Thursday, General Singh had visited NDA to inaugurate the 47th investment advisory committee meeting of the army group insurance fund, a statement issued by public relations officer (defence) said.The meeting was attended by experts in economics, industry, finance and management who provide advice in an honorary capacity on AGIF investments and fund management.Vice chief of army staff Lt Gen S K Singh, adjutant general Lt Gen J P Nehra besides army commanders and other senior officers were present.The fund was established in January 1976 as a group insurance cum savings scheme, which provides income and allied benefits to all ranks of the army.It started with two schemes in 1976 and now operates 15 schemes covering 1.9 million serving and retired personnel and their dependants.The scheme provides disability benefits for eligible members and 'Post- Retirement Extended Insurance' -- a self-sustaining and self-supporting venture managed entirely out of the monthly subscription paid by the army personnel.Since its inception , the fund has processed tens of thousands of claims and disbursed crores of rupees in payments. In addition to providing insurance cover to the Indian army, the fund also provides loans to its members for purchase of house, conveyance and computer at very competitive rates.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13282635", "title": "Rajasthan girls shine, make parents proud", "text": "JAIPUR: That daughters are not a liability but an asset was once again proved by Khushbu Gupta and Ishani Srivastava, who made their parents proud by grabbing top ranks in the IIT-JEE.Kamal Kishor Gupta, a graduate from IIT Delhi who has three daughters, was elated after his younger daughter Khushbu broke the news of clearing the IIT entrance exams. Khushbu's elder sister Jigyaasa is pursuing electrical engineering from IIT-D. Now, Khushbu too plans to follow in her father and sister's footsteps and study at the IIT-D, one of the top ranked IITs in the country.\"It is the happiest moment of my life. After my elder daughter, now Khushbu too says she wants to pursue her engineering from IIT-Delhi. Looking at their achievements, I feel I have been able to do justice to my role as a father,\" said Gupta even as his eyes welled up.Khushbu, who has secured an All India rank of 427, was celebrating her success with friends on Friday. \"Full credit to my parents who have always supported me in my attempts,\" Khushbo told TOI, and added that she never missed out on having fun with friends while preparing for the exams. \"But, I did not skip my regular studies,\" she said.Brushing aside any questions on gender disparity, Gupta said he always believed in giving quality education to his children. \"My aim was to educate my daughters well so as to make them self sufficient,\" he added.Like Khushbu, Ishani Srivastava too gave ample reasons for her parents to celebrate after the IIT entrance results were declared.IG, Jaipur range Saurav Srivastava is basking in the glory of her daughter's success. \"My grandfather had one son, and then my father had three brothers, and I have four brothers. Therefore, when my three daughters were born, there was jubilation in the family. My elder daughter is pursuing fashion designing, and now Ishani is set to become an engineer,\" a proud Srivastava said.Ishani's mother Susmita expressed concern over the rising cases of female feticide in the state. Pointing at her daughter, she said, \"My daughter is no less than any other boy who has cleared the exam. She is educated and intelligent enough to take her own decisions,\" she said.Securing an All India rank of 2566, Ishani is excited to join one of the premier institutes. \"I think education enables us to behave like a civilized individual, be it a girl or a boy,\" she said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284283", "title": "Comprehensive mobility plan okayed", "text": "PUNE: The general body (GB) of the Pune Municipal Corporation (PMC) on Friday approved the Comprehensive Mobility Plan (CMP), and has also agreed to incorporate it in the Development Plan (DP) of the city. The CMP, which deals with overall development of the public transport system in the city, was passed by the civic standing committee in June 2008 and was expected to be implemented by the end of 2008. The proposal was prepared by the Infrastructure Leasing and Finance Services.\"It is already late, but now we assure that the CMP will be incorporated in the DP of the city. This will help to take comprehensive decisions. Transport projects motioned in the CMP will be kept in kind while finalising the DP,\" said leader of the house Subhas Jagtap.The CMP proposes various traffic and transportation projects costing Rs 22,700 crore. The CMP also covers ring road development, BRTS, monorail, PMPML and development of other link.BJP corporator Vikas Mathkari said the PMC now should not take ad hoc decisions and stick to the CMP while approving the new projects.The CMP will now become the premise for the every decision taken by the PMC when it comes to traffic and transport projects.The Journey So FarFebruary 2008: Draft CMP presented to PMCJune 2008: Approved by standing committeeNovember 2008: General body sets up a panel to study the planJuly 2010: Mayor invites suggestions from corporatorsMay 2012: GB approves CMPHighlights* CMP seeks to \"move people, not vehicles''* Sixty per cent of the total investment is for public/mass transport systems* In the first phase, focus should be on traffic management measures* Augmenting BRT, public transport must in first phaseAbout Road SafetyMake all traffic signs retro-reflectiveHave traffic markings on all roadsEnsure adequate street lighting on roadsImplement traffic management measures near railway stations and the Swargate areaCarry out junction improvements for road safetyNon-Motorised TransportFootpaths to promote walking for short tripsThey should be at least 1.5m wideDesign must discourage two-wheelers from using themPedestrian zebra-crossings must be clearly marked near traffic signalsFootpaths at busy intersections should have handrailsParking Management PlanStrategic parking plazas requiredParking plaza must discourage commercial useIt should facilitate public transport/ NMTParking plazas should improve traffic circulationConsider implementing congestion charges.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13284381", "title": "Dacoity bid at petrol pump foiled, 3 held", "text": "PUNE: A dacoity attempt at a petrol pump on the Pune-Ahmednagar Road was foiled with the arrest of three suspects late on Thursday night.The Airport police recovered a country-made revolver, three cartridges, sharp weapons and a stolen car from the suspects, who were identified as Lalit Khollam (23) of Kalewadi, Anand Jori (21) of Parvati Darshan and Mahesh Jadhav (21) of Vishrantwadi. The arrested men had two accomplices who managed to flee from the spot.The police said the three suspects have previous criminal records. Khollam has around 18 cases registered against him, including murder, robbery and house break-ins, while Jori and Jadhav have cases of robberies and house break-ins registered against them.Speaking to TOI, senior inspector of the Airport police station Prakash Shah said the police received a tip-off that the gang of five criminals was in preparation to commit a dacoity at a petrol pump on Pune-Ahmednagar highway. \"Assistant inspector Mahesh Bolkotgi and his team laid a trap and nabbed three of them,\" he said. Further investigations revealed that on May 8, the gang had stolen the car from near the Airport by brandishing a sharp weapon. They had later dumped the driver near Phursungi.\"We have recovered the car from the suspects,\" Shah said, adding that the suspects were involved in recent robbery cases that have taken place in the city. \"We are investigating further.\"They were produced before the court on Friday and remanded to police custody for four days.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277840", "title": "Recruit educators in 3 months: High court", "text": "NEW DELHI: The Delhi high court on Friday gave three months' time to the state government to finish recruitment of special educators in schools run by MCD.Justice G P Mittal granted the time after the state government assured it that recruitment rules have already been notified and the process will start soon. The government told the court it will invite applications for the post and select the candidates so that there is no further delay in appointing the educators.HC was hearing a contempt plea against the state government for failure to notify the rules to employ special educators for differently-abled students of MCD schools. HC had demanded an explanation why no progress was achieved despite a clear cut court order passed two years ago.Seeking contempt proceedings, advocate Ashok Agarwal, appearing for NGO Social Jurist, had highlighted how even the recruitment rules had not been notified despite the court order. He said this failure resulted in halting of the process of filling up 1,741 posts of special education (primary) in MCD-run schools for facilitating the education of children with disabilities.The NGO accused the government of ignoring court orders pointing out how MCD has been unable to appoint special educators despite a court order in September 2009.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13278009", "title": "Dam good news for new buildings", "text": "MUMBAI: In his budget speech two months ago, the then municipal commissioner Subodh Kumar laid the grounds for additional water supply in the city. The completion of the Middle Vaitarna dam has spelled good news, with the BMC's hydraulic department preparing a circular to increase per capita water supply to new buildings from 45 litre per capita per day (lpcd) to 135 lpcd.The circular is likely to be released early next week and roughly 2,000 new constructions will benefit from it.Confirming the move, additional municipal commissioner Rajiv Jalota said Kumar had mentioned in his budget speech that water should be given as per normative demand, that is, 135 lpcd.\"This was not being done earlier because of shortage of water. Now that the Middle Vaitarna dam is complete, we can proceed in that direction. We are finalizing the circular, after which it will be sent out. Water supply will be changed to 135 lpcd for a family of five,\" Jalota added.Citizens used to get 135lpcd water before the year 2000. However, the policy was amended in 2001 and the BMC started supplying 90lpcd till 2009. In the aftermath of the water crisis, the BMC has reduced its water supply limit to 45lpcd for all newly-constructed buildings, including buildings where demand was less than 2 lakh litre per day.On Thursday, the BMC announced that work on the Middle Vaitarna dam was over. With its completion, the civic body will be able to meet the city's water requirement of around 3,900 million litres per day (mld). Currently, the BMC supplies 3,350mld, while the city's demand is 4,200 mld.Apart from new buildings, civic officials said the 135lpcd supply is likely to be extended to all authorized users. An official said this supply might be difficult to achieve in certain parts of the city, like hilly areas, due to site constraints. \"We are trying to work out the possibilities of supplying that much water and looking for alternatives,\" said an official.The 135lpcd supply to all authorized users is likely to reduce dependence on the tanker mafia or middlemen, hence automatically reducing corruption, officials said. Last year, TOI had highlighted the plight of residents of several areas who suffer at the hands of chabiwallas, that is, junior workers who have the responsibility of opening the valves of , about 450 of them,smaller pipelines to regulate water supply in the city. enjoying a powerful position in the official hierarchy. Working in shifts, these junior workers have the job of opening valves on smaller pipelines at different hours of the day to regulate the supply of water across the city.\"We are expecting resistance from political parties and junior officers. Those who make a living out of other people's water problems are likely to suffer due to our decision However, we need to find a way around it. The final circular will make all the rules clear,\" said a senior civic official.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nagpur", "code": "13278769", "title": "Tweet by Anna's personal assistant on Nitin Raut stirs hornet's nest", "text": "NAGPUR: Anna Hazare's personal assistant Suresh Pathare has stoked a major controversy by making a personal attack on state minister Nitin Raut on Twitter. His tweet ridiculed the EGS minister, without naming him, and also mentioned that Raut's son was involved in an attack on a vehicle of Anna's entourage in Nagpur.Raut condemned Pathare's tweet, saying it was wrong to defame someone's family and personal life. He told TOI, \"Gandhiji taught us to speak no evil, hear no evil and see no evil. But these self proclaimed Gandhians are doing the opposite. It is a sign of defeat for Team Anna that they are now resorting to cheap, false and personal attacks. The public will now judge their actions.\"The tweet from Pathare came just hours after the local unit of India Against Corruption (IAC) sent a press release condemning Raut's alleged statement calling Anna a 'beggar'. Raut denied having made any such personal attack and hit back at Team Anna, calling them 'anti-Ambedkar'.IAC city coordinator Ajay Sanghi said, \"Some vernacular media has quoted Raut describing Anna as a beggar, which is deplorable and in bad taste. Nagpur public shall remind Raut of his statement whenever he or any of his family member contest elections. He should have learnt from a similar experience of Manish Tiwari, whose political career is guaranteed to be over.\"Raut said, \"No matter how they attack me personally, I have the highest regard for Anna Hazare and can never think of making such a cheap statement. I ask them to prove their charges, which will not happen anyway, since this is a figment of IAC's imagination.\"The press release by IAC added that \"power has gone to the head of politicians and they are unaware of the ground realities and the change Anna will bring in the mindset of people by 2014 general elections\".Raut hit back by saying, \"IAC need not threaten me with political consequences because I did not win elections due to Anna. Hence, I certainly won't loose because of him either. IAC must remember that those who live in glass houses shouldn't throw stones at others.\"The EGS minister added that the stance taken by Team Anna is anti-Ambedkar. \"Team Anna's method is undemocratic since they are not respecting the supremacy of Parliament, as laid down in the Constitution. Their method directly opposes Babasaheb Ambedkar , who was the architect of the Indian Constitution. While I respect Anna, I have no hesitation in saying that his current tour is only to malign the Congress party and its leaders.\"The initial friction between the two started on Wednesday when Anna arrived in Nagpur for a public rally. Outside the venue, one of the vehicles in Anna's entourage was attacked by some Indian Youth Congress (IYC) activists. Raut's son, Kunal, too was present.Raut said, \"Kunal is also an elected member of IYC and his feelings were hurt when he came to know about books maligning our leaders being sold at the venue. But my son only protested in a democratic manner and will continue to do so whenever IAC resorts to false propaganda.\"However, IAC has claimed that these books have been written by Subramanyam Swami and their volunteers had no role in their distribution. \"IAC is not against any political party or person, and it does not distribute such books. Congress leaders should file a defamation suit against Swami,\" said Sanghi.To protest the attack on the vehicle carrying books, IAC will stage a dharna on May 20 at Variety Square from 10am to 1pm.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13284059", "title": "Caste census yet to take off in many parts of Thiruvananthapuram", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: The socio-economic and caste census, which is to be completed by the coming Sunday, is yet to start in many parts of the capital city. The enumerators wonder how they can complete their task within the stipulated time. The city corporation is still holding training classes for enumerators and data entry operators.The major concern of these enumerators is that they have to rejoin their parent department after May 20. \"When contacted the corporation authorities, we were told that we did not have worry about that as we were working for the central government,\" said a teacher at a higher secondary school here, who is the supervisor of a team of six enumerators.He said that each enumerator had been assigned to cover 120 to 150 households and it would not be completed on time even if the enumerators work day and night. He attributed the reason for the delay to the lackadaisical attitude of the corporation authorities, who failed to provide tablet computers, writing pads, receipts and other paraphernalia to the enumeration teams on time. He added that there were several teams of enumerators who were yet to start the enumeration process.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13284473", "title": "BJP leaders go all out to woo dalits", "text": "MYSORE: The recent political developments post the tough posturing by BS Yeddyurappa are weighing heavily in the minds of BJP leaders, who are trying to woo dalit communities in a big way and retain their political base.At the BJP SC Morcha State Convention in the city on Friday, top BJP brass - chief minister DV Sadananda Gowda and state unit chief KS Eshwarappa - indicated their nervousness and asked dalit communities to back the party. Though they didn't refer to Lingayat strongman Yeddyurappa, both of them said the party will stand by dalits and fight for their cause.Eshwarappa said he didn't expect the turnout to be huge given the political upheavals in the state. \"But dalits have belied my apprehensions. They are with the party,\" he said. The CM said it was after dalits supported the party that BJP was able to form the government in the state.\"The party was struggling to get a foothold in the state. Among 35 assembly segments reserved, the party represents 25. But if it wasn't for you, I wouldn't have been the CM,\" he asserted. \"Continue your support for us and we will stand by you.\" The BJP national chief of SC Morcha Dyushanth Kumar Goutham too asked for dalits' support to retain power in 2013 elections.Former MP KB Shanappa expressed his displeasure over the internal bickering saying leaders like him crossed over to the saffron party because it was a party with a difference. Now there are confusions, he said, asserting that one man cannot do much.Former minister Aravind Limbavali said the political system is polluted but told DVS that dalits are backing him. Referring to majority of reserved seats in the assembly and Lok Sabha going to BJP, rural development and panchayat raj minister Jagadish Shettar said it indicates the support extended by SC community. \"The party too has done its bit for the upliftment of dalits, which needs to be conveyed to the people,\" he said, seeking their continued support.Swabhamani Samavesha was more like a show of strength by BJP, which is grappling with the crisis in the wake of Yeddyurappa's dissidence. While the former chief minister gave the event a miss, some of his staunch supporters including Rajya Sabha member Ayanur Manjunath and Jagadish Shettar attended the meet.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277411", "title": "BJP MP Kirti Azad ignores party walkout of Lok Sabha", "text": "NEW DELHI: The BJP walkout of Lok Sabha on Friday over the party's \"dissatisfaction\" with the Centre's response to the Karnataka drought situation had one exception. The party's Darbhanga MP Kirti Azad stayed put although other MPs walked out.The former cricketer did not respond when MPs asked him about his decision to stick on as even BJP allies like JD(U) joined the walkout with Sharad Yadav briefly exiting the House. Azad stood up for a while but then sat down again on a row near the well of the House.Before the walkout, leader of opposition Sushma Swaraj rejected minister of state for agriculture Harish Rawat's response to the points raised by BJP, saying the minister was offering long-winded platitudes without stating just how Karnataka would be assisted.Rawat insisted that a central team's report will have to be examined before any relief measures could be announced. But Swaraj said the discussion had been raised in the hope of specific assurances being offered for the drought hit in Karnataka.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "navi mumbai", "code": "13279669", "title": "Goa highway mishap kills 5 Mumbaikars", "text": "NAVI MUMBAI: Four Ghatkopar residents and the driver of their hired car were killed when the red Qualis collided head-on with an LCV before dawn on Friday at Poladpur on the Mumbai-Goa highway.Seven persons were injured in the accident that took place around 4.45 am as the Qualis passengers were headed towards Chiplun. Police said the accident took place because of rash driving - trying to overtake without proper care - and they are trying to pinpoint which vehicle was at fault.Two related families staying in Ghatkopar had set off on Thursday night with some other relatives for a pilgrimage to Kolhapur. They planned to first visit Kokre village in Chiplun, the native place of one of the deceased Pravin Dalvi (47), who worked as an electrician in Mumbai.His wife Uma has been rushed to Mumbai's Sion Hospital in a serious condition. His two daughters, Mrunmayi (13) and Harshala (3), received fewer injuries and are in the rural hospital in Poladpur, about 200 km away from Mumbai.Shraddha Shelar (43), Sumitra Kadam (70) and Suman More (55), who used to work as a maid with the Shelar family, were also killed. The Qualis driver, Ajay B Ghodke (22), also died.Shraddha's daughter and husband, Surendra Shelar (46), who works as an autorickshaw driver in Mumbai, are among the injured. The Shelars and the Dalvis stayed in rented rooms at Pantnagar in Ghatkopar (East).The bodies of the victims will be taken to Kolhapur for final rites. \"My aunt and uncle made for a cheerful couple. It was a sudden decision to go on pilgrimage along with other relatives and their maid,\" said Surendra Shelar's nephew Abhishek.Driver Godke's relative said at Poladpur that Ajay had started driving professionally just five months ago and used to stay at Chembur. He had taken picked up the Dalvis and Shelars from Ghatkopar on Thursday night and set off for Chiplun via the Mumbai-Goa highway.Dalvi's young daughters, who have been asking about their parents, have not been told about their father.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "khanpur kalan (sonipat)", "code": "13276704", "title": "Sonipat university: After 3 suicides, a gang rape", "text": "KHANPUR KALAN (Sonipat): The daylight gang-rape of a law student at BPS Mahila Vishwavidyalaya, women's university, and alleged attempts by authorities to shield the prime accused led to an angry students' strike here on Friday. The students took over the campus and blocked a road demanding the accused be arrested.The university was in the news recently after three suicides were reported there in the last three months. The issue had rocked the Haryana assembly and the state education minister had assured an inquiry.\"The 18-year-old rape victim is from Delhi. She was abducted on Wednesday morning outside the campus gates and gang-raped in the nearby fields by four men. Among them was the in-charge of a hostel mess,\" Sonipat SP Arun Singh said.The shocking incident comes on the heels of horrifying revelations of sexual harassment of minor girls at an NGO-run Rohtak shelter home.The university authorities allegedly tried to hush up Wednesday's gang-rape after the victim informed her hostel mates about her ordeal the next morning. The students got enraged over, what they termed, the management's \"insensitive attitude\" and forced them to report the incident to the police, after which a case was registered around midnight on Thursday.The students, demanding arrest of the four accused and a probe against the vice-chancellor and chief warden for shielding the \"rapists\", blocked the Gohana-Sonipat Road that runs past the university.On Wednesday around 11am, the victim stepped out of the campus to buy stationary when she was forced into a car by Amit Malik, one of the accused. Malik has been running one of the hostel messes. He and three accomplices allegedly raped her in the fields.Till Thursday morning, the girl hadn't opened her mouth. But, her hostel mates found out about the rape only when they found the girl distraught and in tears in her room. The students reported the incident to the chief warden, who apparently tried to persuade the girls and the victim not to make an issue out of the incident.One of the girls TOI spoke to said: \"The chief warden did not help. We called up the registrar and the vice-chancellor, but they too wanted to keep the matter under wraps. They insisted that the name of the university would be sullied if the incident was reported to the police. They pressured the victim to keep quite telling her that her life would be ruined.\"Vice-chancellor Pankaj Mittal denied the charges and said: \"On the contrary, I urged the victim's parents to report the matter to the police for action against the accused. The parents were reluctant to go to the police for fear of social stigma.\" The VC added that no other incident of molestation or eve teasing had been reported on campus earlier.Sonipat deputy commissioner Pankaj Agarwal and SP Arun Singh rushed to the university to placate the agitated girls. \"A medical examination has confirmed sexual assault and police teams have been searching for the accused. I assure the girls that the security arrangements would be intensified,\" Singh said.Prime accused was in hostel till ThursdayStudents on Friday alleged that the prime accused continued to stay in the same hostel after the gang-rape and threatened the victim not to speak out.He was present in the mess till Thursday evening and has even threatened the victim against talking about the incident. He fled after the girls raised the issue with the higher authorities,\" said a girl at the hostel.Some of the girls claimed that the accused used to get drunk and often teased the girls.Times ViewA university campus in which four girls have committed suicide in a period of barely two months should be an alarm bell for those managing the show that there is something drastically wrong with the place. Yet, prima facie this incident seems to suggest that far from taking note of the problems, the attempt has been to shove things under the carpet. Whether the allegations in this specific incident are correct is not the point here. Clearly, there is a larger malaise that needs to be urgently dealt with. The state government and its police force too must deal with the situation with the sensitivity and urgency required. If the university authorities themselves are found to be negligent or worse, action should be taken against them too.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "guwahati", "code": "13282746", "title": "IIT-JEE 2012 results: 110 students make it to the list in Assam", "text": "GUWAHATI: The result of the IIT Joint Entrance Examination (JEE) was declared on Friday. Around 6,654 candidates appeared the entrance from Assam out of which 110 qualified for counselling. Rohit Kumar topped the IIT Guwahati zone with an all India rank (AIR) of 79 and Sabyasachee Baruah topped the northeast with an AIR of 514.Other than that, around 1,099 candidates appeared for the exams from the rest of the northeast, of which eight qualified for counselling. Around 62,159 candidates registered themselves from the IIT Guwahati zone, of which 1,280 made it to the rank list.Besides this, gender-wise performance of the IIT Guwahati was as follows: Of around 43,252 male and 16,130 female candidates who appeared for the exam, 878 males and 92 females qualified.IIT JEE is considered as one of the most prestigious entrance examinations in the country and the candidates who clear the entrance are eligible for admission to the 15 IITs in the country, IT-BHU and ISM Dhanbad.A total of 5,06,343 candidates had registered to appear in IIT-JEE 2012, which was conducted by seven IITs on April 8.This year, the category-wise absolute cut-off marks were declared well before the examination and a total of 24,112 candidates obtained the minimum required marks. Of these, about 15,500 candidates have been called for online counselling to seek admission to 9,647 seats in the 15 IITs at Bhubaneswar, Bombay, Delhi, Gandhinagar , Guwahati, Hyderabad, Indore, Kanpur, Kharagpur, Madras, Mandi, Patna, Rajasthan, Ropar, Roorkee and IT-BHU Varanasi and ISM Dhanbad. Arpit Agarwal, who appeared for the joint entrance exam from IIT Delhi zone, topped this year's all-India list of successful candidates.The first seat allotment list would be out on the web on June 14 and the second would be out on June 15. The final seat allotment list would be released on July 6.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mysore", "code": "13284483", "title": "Aiming small is crime, dream big: Kalam", "text": "MYSORE: The air was unusual and it was a dream come true for students at All India Institute of Speech and Hearing (AIISH) as ex-President Abdul Kalam inaugurated laboratories on Friday.The seminar hallwas filled with students. They were all eager to catch a glimpse at their former President. Many classes in the institute had projectors installed as all students could not be accommodated at the seminar hall.Kalam said: \"There should be more focus and research on preventive measures and treatment for hearing and speech.\"He asked AIISH students to conduct research on genetically transmitted speech, hearing defects and preventive measures have to be looked into. \"The treatment cost has to be reduced and it has to reach the remote villages of the country,\" he added.While interacting with students, he said that achievement is a continuous process. \"One can achieve if he has high aims in life, acquire knowledge, work hard and defeat the problem. Aiming small is a crime,\" he told students. When a question about reservation policy in education sector was posed by a student, he said increasing the number of institutions can create wider and equal opportunities for students.\"It's a big honour to have somebody like him as a guest. Meeting him was like a dream come true\" said Deepti Poovayya, first year MSc student. \"We were looking forward to this for a long time. It was nice interacting with a humble personality like him,\" said Raheela Baksh, second year MSc student. The interaction session was satisfactory though the duration was short.A psychoacoustic laboratory, clinic for adult and elderly persons with language disorders and also a Neuroscan laboratory were inaugurated by the former President on Friday.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "patna", "code": "13281494", "title": "Rs 1.6 lakh stolen from plywood shop", "text": "PATNA: A group of thieves stole cash worth Rs 1.60 lakh from a plywood shop on Exhibition Road under Gandhi Maidan police station area late on Thursday night. The shop belongs to one Sanjay Agarwal, a wholesale dealer of plywood.Sanjay on Friday said that he along with his father Om Prakash Agarwal closed the shop on Wednesday. He said that since there were civic body polls on Thursday, the shop remained closed.He said when his father reached the shop on Friday at around 10.30am, he saw the lock of the shutter missing and the shutter was a bit open. His father informed him about it and he reached the shop soon. They then informed the Gandhi Maidan police station about the incident.Sanjay said the shutter was opened in presence of the cops and he found Rs 1.60 lakh missing from the cash box, besides six silver coins. An FIR was lodged with the police station concerned on the statement of his father, Om Prakash Agarwal.Akhil Bhartiya Marwari Yuva Manch state president Anil Kumar Verma said that such incidents in prime locations was shocking. He said that he, along with Manch office-bearers, had submitted a memorandum to Gandhi Maidan police station SHO, urging him to take immediate action.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277613", "title": "Club house, swimming pool razed", "text": "BHOPAL: The anti-encroachment squad of the Bhopal Municipal Corporation (BMC) on Friday demolished a club house and a swimming pool in Vishnu Hi-tech city on Hoshangabad road.The building permission department of the BMC permitted the builders to construct a ground plus two- storey shopping complex, the BMC officials said.\"They violated the building permission norms by constructing a swimming pool on the ground floor and a club house on the first and the second floor,\" Sanjay Tiwari, sub-engineer, building permission, said.The corporation demolished the building as the club house was constructed against the norms of building permission, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13283051", "title": "New IITians from Chandigarh", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Bijoy Singh Kochar, a resident of Mohali, has made the city proud by bagging the second rank in Indian Institute of Technology's Joint Entrance Examination 2012. By clearing this exam with 377 marks, he has made it to his dream institute.Bijoy has been taking coaching since Class IX. Revealing his success mantra, He said, \"Calculated hard work with meticulous planning, no short cuts to preparations and clarity of all concepts. If you have it you'll get it.\" Crediting his parents and teachers for his success, Bijoy said, \"They have been helping me in making studies a stress-free process and have stood by me through all these years.\"Bijoy's parents, both doctors, are proud that their son excelled in the field he chose. According to his father, A P Singh, Bijoy is a carefree and focused person.\"He always took studies as something he enjoys and not as a stress. Everyday he plays his favourite games, watches television and spends quality time with family and friends,\" he said. The Kochars were not expecting such a top rank. However, two days ago Bijoy's teachers informed them that he would be among top five as per the marks uploaded on the IIT's website. \"We were definitely not expecting this rank. His teachers had calculated his marks on the website and informed us that he would probably get fourth or fifth rank, but he stood second,\" beamed his father.Bijoy's elder brother has completed his engineering from BITS, Pilani, and is currently pursuing MBA from Symbiosis, Pune.As Bijoy sat far away in Mumbai, his family put the celebrations on hold. \"It is a big day for him and for us and we are really missing him. We just want to hold him tight and tell him that he is a gem,\" his mother, Satinder, said. The family is planning a big party on his return.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13284161", "title": "Italy recalls its Indian envoy over Enrica trial", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Even as a high-level Italian delegation visiting Kerala warned that bilateral relations between the two countries could be affected over the Enrica Lexie incident, Rome recalled its ambassador to New Delhi.\"The Italian ambassador to New Delhi has been recalled to Rome for consultations on the matter of the marines,\" the country's foreign ministry said in a statement, according to AFP. Two Italian marines are currently jailed here for their alleged involved in a shooting at sea incident off the Kerala coast on February 15 that left two Indian fishermen dead. The diplomatic snub came following the filing of a chargesheet by Kerala police before the chief judicial magistrate in Kollam, accusing the two marines - Latore Massimiliano and Salvatore Girone - of murder.Sources in Delhi confirmed that Italian envoy Giacomo Sanfelice di Monteforte has been called back by his government for \"consultations\". The Italian delegation in Kerala, led by deputy minister of foreign affairs Staffan de Mistura, had indicated that the good relations the two countries enjoyed could be threatened if a speedy trial was not conducted in the Enrica Lexie incident.Talking to Latin Catholic Archbishop Soosai Pakyam at Bishop House here on Friday, Mistura reiterated his country's stance that the shooting incident took place in international waters. The shooting, he claimed, was also a case of misunderstanding as the fishermen were mistaken for pirates.Mistura clarified that the compensation given to the bereaved families of the fishermen was just a humanitarian gesture. ''We know that they can never substitute the lost lives with the compensation sum,'' he said. Italian consul general Admiral Giampaolo Cutillo and military attache Franco Favre accompanied Mistura at the meeting.Later, the delegation visited chief minister Oommen Chandy and home minister Thiruvanchoor Radhakrishnan at the chief minister's office. Mistura urged the CM to facilitate a speedy trial for the marines. The Italian delegation, which reached the city on Thursday, visited the two marines at Poojapura central prison here.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chennai", "code": "13300824", "title": "China doesn't pose threat to us, we have strong deterrence: India", "text": "CHENNAI: China posed no threat to India despite border dispute but the country was equipping itself well and having a strong deterrence posture so that no adversary took it for granted, minister of state for defence M M Pallam Raju said on Saturday.\"I think it is not a threat. We have a very healthy economic partnership with China, which is our neighbour. Of course, we do have differences on the perception of the border, which again at a very high level meeting of national security advisers we are thrashing these things out,\" he said.Raju was responding to a question from reporters on whether China was a constant threat to India and steps taken to counter it. He saw no reason for a conflict between the two neighbours, Raju said after commissioning Indian Coast Guard ship ICGS Rajtarang here.\"We are having a strong deterrence posture. And we are strengthening it further. So, I am sure there will not be any reason for any conflict to happen. We are trying to be mutually beneficial to each other,\"\" he said.However, he said: \"As a nation with such a large population and with economic interest worldwide and as a growing economy, I think we have to have those strong deterrence capabilities to make sure that none of our adversaries take us for granted.\"Replying to a question, he said the existing defence procurement system was transparent and open. \"The need of the hour and the urgency with which the government is focusing is to give the capabilities that our armed forces need,\" he said.On recurring attacks on Tamil Nadu fishermen allegedly by the Sri Lankan Navy, Raju said India had taken up the issue with Colombo at diplomatic level. \"I am sure that the Sri Lankan government is sensitive about our fishermen transgressing into their waters. That is why we are working on it in a very scientific manner to inform our fishing community where to find the richer fish pockets... Solution is we have to give them better information and advice them,\" he said. \"We will find a mechanism. We are at a diplomatic level making sure that they are not aggressive with our fishermen,\" Raju said.He said after the Mumbai terror strikes, government has been strengthening the Coast Guard and the coastal security system.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "kolkata", "code": "13280183", "title": "Priti Sureka gets anticipatory bail", "text": "KOLKATA: Calcutta high court on Friday granted anticipatory bail to AMRI director Priti Sureka, who police say has been absconding since the hospital fire on December 9 last year that killed 90 persons.The court held while almost all the arrested directors have been granted bail - including Moni Chetri, the managing director - and the chargesheet does not have anything incriminating against her, she was being granted bail.State counsel Debasish Roy, however, opposed her anticipatory bail plea. Roy pointed out that Sureka did not surrender in court after the incident and even after being named among the 16 accused in the chargesheet (filed on March 2).\"Instead, she is absconding and by all accounts is now outside the country. She has tried to evade the due process of law and hence should not be granted bail,\" Roy said. The other argument Roy put forth is that the state has already filed a special leave petition in Supreme Court challenging the bail granted by the high court to the AMRI directors and hence the HC couldn't decide on the matter.Priti's counsel Pradip Ghosh argued in court that Priti was merely an executive director on the AMRI hospital board of directors and had no specific or formal work allocated to her.\"While she has been named in the chargesheet by police, a perusal of the same doesn't establish that she has to be arrested. The latter should be made if there is a possibility of absconding or influencing witnesses. She had no link with the fire. She is a middle-aged lady and is ready to abide by all conditions imposed by the court,\" Ghosh said.He also argued since there is no stay order issued by the Supreme Court on other courts to adjudicate bail pleas, the HC was within its rights to decide on the anticipatory bail plea.After the arguments concluded, a division bench of Justice Ashim Roy and justice Toufiqueuddin granted Priti anticipatory bail. The bench observed that when the state didn't oppose the bail plea of Moni Chhetri, the AMRI MD, and since the chargesheet didn't have anything incriminating, she was being granted anticipatory bail. After the March chargesheet, police had moved Alipore court to initiate proceedings against Priti, Aditya Agarwal and Rahul Todi as proclaimed offenders. This is being heard in the court.Priti is also a whole-time director of the Rs 3000-crore Emami group and is the daughter of its founder-chairman R S Agarwal, who was arrested and released on bail in the AMRI case. In Emami, she heads the company's marketing division and R&D; wings.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "chandigarh", "code": "13282977", "title": "Cops falter despite spate of robberies", "text": "CHANDIGARH: Robberies at gunpoint and knifepoint have become the order of the day in the Tricity. Strangely though, law enforcement agencies are groping in the dark to crack these cases.Tricity has been rocked by over half a dozen robberies during the past one-and-a-half months. However, investigation agencies have failed to make any headway. The recent gunpoint robbery in which an accountant with a firm in Sector 11 Panchkula, Brij Mohan, was looted has brought to the fore the violent side of the criminals. Sources said, \"Though Panchkula police has contacted its counterparts in Chandigarh and sought assistance, the UT cops have also failed to give any specific leads.\"SHO of PS 5, Panchkula, inspector Ajay Rana said there is no concrete breakthrough in the robbery and victim Brij Mohan is still admitted in PGI with critical bullet injuries.Chandigarh police have also failed to crack three recent cases of robberies, including one broad daylight loot in which a woman was stabbed and robbed in the presence of her family members near Sector 31. The eldest daughter of the victim, Balwinder Kaur, had described the appearance of one of the robbers. Despite this, the cops managed to make merely a sketch of the suspect.Meanwhile, Chandigarh police managed to nab a robber, who had abducted and robbed a mobile trader at gunpoint, thanks to the timely information given by a passerby on May 15. The prime accused in this case, Parminder Singh Rana, is the son of police inspector.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13305198", "title": "There was nothing strange about my visit to India: Jan Myrdal", "text": "NEW DELHI: Swedish author and columnist Jan Myrdal (85), known for his close interaction with Indian Maoists since the 1980s, has reacted to the home ministry's allegation that he was publicly supporting Maoists and their armed struggle in India during his visit here earlier this year. In fact in reply to queries on the recent home ministry stand, Myrdal has said that he had personally sent a copy of his book \"Red Star over India\" to home minister P Chidambaram. He was in India last January and February, for the launch of his book at the Kolkata Book Fair.\"The book itself, that I had sent to the home minister personally, has in India now reached its second English language edition and is being published in Bengali (also for Bangladesh ), Hindi, Punjabi, Tamil and Telugu (other contracts being discussed). In Europe it has been translated to German, Italian, Norwegian and Swedish. Internationally it is available as an e-book and on the net,\" Myrdal said.In a rather hard-hitting response to home ministry officials planning to ban his visits to India in future Myrdal said, \"government officials, in Sweden as elsewhere, do seldom strike me as being very clever but this report from Delhi shows the present home ministry officials in India as unusually incompetent. There was nothing strange about my visit to India in this year. I had with letters from my publisher and the Kolkata Book Fair, asked for and got a one-month conference visa to launch my book \"Red Star Over India: Impressions, Reflexions and Discussions when the Wretched of the Earth are Rising.\"MoS home Jitendra Singh recently told Rajya Sabha that, \"Myrdal during his stay in India advised CPI (Maoist) to garner support from the middle class in India by focusing on propaganda against security forces and highlighting human rights issues.\"Reacting to that, Myrdal said, \"I attended different meetings and conferences in Kolkata, Hyderabad, Ludhiana and Delhi. According to the agreement with the authorities when I arrived they were continously informed about where I stayed and where I made public speeches.\"He said, \"Everything I said in India is either printed or available on the net. I have of course not done anything as stupid as giving political \"advice\" to Indian friends,\" reacting to the accusation that he had advised Maoists in India.Myrdal added, \"But what I have pointed out is that India is being misrepresented in the world. That is not due to any Indian, governmental or non-governemental, censorship. But our own correspondents in India are either being censured by gate-keepers in the home countries or quiet because of fear for their contracts.In February Myrdal had told TOI, \"there is even a negative possibility... (about the Maoist movement in India) it could even end as a bloody civil war which they (Maoists) may not survive...\" He had traveled to Bastar's core area two years ago, and interacted extensively with cadres and leaders, including party general secretary Ganapathy. His interview of Ganapathy was the last face-to-face interaction of a journalist that was published. His book that was launched in India is based on his interactions and understanding of the Maoist movement here at present.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "jaipur", "code": "13294315", "title": "Mumbai Indians hope to seal playoff berth, Rajasthan Royals to play for pride", "text": "JAIPUR: Mumbai Indians would be looking to seal a playoff berth and iron out minor flaws for the bigger battles ahead, while the Rajasthan Royals would play for pride when the two sides take on each other in their last league encounter of the IPL on Sunday.Rajasthan Royals, who have not been consistent enough, bowed out of contention for the playoffs with a humiliating five wicket defeat against Deccan Chargers in Hyderabad.They must be ruing their close defeats against Delhi Daredevils and Chennai Super Kings but are left with no other options but to play for pride against the formidable Mumbai Indians.Skipper Rahul Dravid has already proved that he is not a spent force and that too in the shorter version of the game which has never been his forte. He, along with Australian Shane Watson, Shaun Tait, Ajinkya Rahane and others would like to prove a point with better performances.Mumbai are placed third with 18 points from 15 matches and Royal Challengers Bangalore have 17 points from 15 matches and they take on the lowly Deccan Chargers on Sunday in a day match.It will be a must-win situation for the visitors if RCB too wins.Mumbai Indians have a strong side featuring the likes of Sachin Tendulkar , Rohit Sharma, South African Herschelle Gibbs, West Indian Kieron Pollard and Ambati Rayudu.Rohit is in good nick with a hundred under his belt but Tendulkar is yet to play a big knock in the competition.The bowling also has a lethal look with Sri Lankan Lasith Malinga at the helm and sharing the top spot with 21 wickets with Sunil Narine and Morne Morkel .RP Singh too produced a good spell against Kolkata Knight Riders but it was Narine who settled the issue in favour of Mumbai.Skipper Harbhajan Singh has been struggling for form but might bounce back. Pollard has been successful in picking up a few wickets so the visitors need not worry much.The pink city has been witnessing sand storms and slight showers this week but still the wicket at the Sawai Man Singh Stadium is pretty good for batting and would provide a perfect platform for big guns like Tendulkar, Rohit, Pollard and Rayudu.Teams (from):Rajasthan Royals: Rahul Dravid (Capt.), Aakash Chopra, Abhishek Raut, Aditya Dole, Ajinkya Rahane, Ajit Chandela, Amit Paunikar, Amit Singh, Ankit Chavan, Ashok Meneria, Deepak Chakar, Dishant Yagnik, Faiz Fazal, Gajendra Singh, Pankaj Singh, S Sreesanth, Samad Fallah, Sidharth Trivedi, Stuart Binny, Shreevats Goswami, Sumit Narwal, Brad Hodge, Brad Hogg, Dinesh Chandimal, Johan Botha, Kevon Cooper, Owais Shah, Paul Collingwood, Shaun Tait.Mumbai Indians: Harbhajan Singh (Capt.), Sachin Tendulkar, Abu Nechim, Amitize Singh, Aiden Blizzard, James Franklin, Kieron Pollard, Y Chahal, Herschelle Gibbs, Davy Jacobs, Richard Levi, Dinesh Kartik, Dhawal Kulkarni, K Yadav, Lasith Malinga, Sushant Marathe, Pragyan Ojha, Munaf Patel, Robin Peterson, Sujit Nayak, Rohit Sharma, Suryakumar Yadav, Jaydev Shah, Rudra Pratap Singh, T Suman, Pawan Suyal, Aditya Tare, Apporva Wankhede.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "bhopal", "code": "13277723", "title": "Newborn girl poisoned, thrown into river in Morena district", "text": "BHOPAL: In yet another incident of girl child killing, a 25-day-old was poisoned and thrown into a river in ravine ravaged Morena district. The incident took place in Jaderua village, some 20 km from Morena district headquarters.The sex ratio in Morena, according to the latest Census, stood abysmally low at 839 per 1,000 male compared to 2001 census figure of 822. The average national sex ratio in India is 940 as per latest reports of Census while in the neighbouring Bhind it is 838 per 1000. Both the regions are notorious for girl foeticide.Lalo Gujar, wife of Rajbeer, alleged that her daughter was poisoned by her husband and his first wife Munesh. She told police that her daughter was 25-day-old on May 12 when her husband killed her and threw her into river Asan, a tributary of Chambal River. She said she has one son from Rajbeer, but he was angry after she gave birth to a girl.Rajbeer, however, refuted the charges and said the newborn was week and died on the way to home five days after the birth.Police said before marrying Lalo about two-and-half-years back, he was married to Munesh in 1992. She also gave birth to a daughter. Depressed over the birth of a girl child, he got married to Lalo a few years later, Munna Singh, brother of Rajbeer told the police.Investigating officer Suresh Singh Tomar told TOI cases under the Section 302 (murder) 201 (causing disappearance of evidence) of the IPC have been registered against Rajbeer and Munesh.Lalo alleged that after killing her daughter, Rajbeer had beaten her black and blue and did not allow her to step out. However, today, she managed to reach her parents place in Noorabad to attend the 13th ceremony of her grandfather's death where she narrated the incident to her father. Consequently, her father took her to police station and lodged a complaint.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "pune", "code": "13283116", "title": "Two youths murdered in separate incidents in Bhosari", "text": "PUNE: Two youths were murdered in Bhosari in separate incidents. Both the murders took place on Thursday night. One was a fallout of previous rivalry, while the police are yet to ascertain the motive behind the other.The first incident of murder took place on Alandi-Bhosari road around 11.30 pm on Thursday, in which a 19-year-old helper from a private company was bludgeoned to death by two unidentified persons. The deceased Govind Ambadas Khating (22) of Bhosari, hailed from Parbhani district. Khating's friend Dnyaneshwar Bhujbal (18) of Bhosari has lodged a complaint in this regard.Assistant police inspector of the Bhosari police station P M Pawar said that on Thursday night Khating and Bhujbal had gone to throw garbage near a marriage hall on Bhosari-Alandi road. \"While returning home, two suspects who were following them, suddenly hurled chilli powder into Bhujbal's eyes and bludgeoned Khating to death with a big stone,\" Pawar said.Pawar said that before Bhujbal could realise what had happened, both the suspects fled from the spot. \"The reason behind the murder is still not known,\" Pawar said.Pawar ruled out the possibility of robbery as nothing was looted from Khating and Bhujbal. \"We are investigating the case,\" Pawar said.The other incident, in which Sanket Bhima Kothambire (19) of Indrayaninagar was assaulted to death with sharp weapons on Thursday around midnight, was a fallout of a previous rivalry. The Bhosari police on Friday arrested three suspects under the charges of murder. They have been identified as Mahesh Nithure (21), Jitendra Borse (22) and Vishal Kadam (23), all from Bhosari.API Pawar said that around three months back Kothambire and the suspects had entered in a brawl over a petty issue. At that time, the suspects had threatened to kill Kothambire. \"On Thursday when Kothambire was returning home on his motorcycle, the trio blocked his way and assaulted him with sharp weapons,\" Pawar said.Kothambire, who received major blows on his head, hands and back died on the spot. Kothambire's father Bhima Kothambire has lodged a complaint with the Bhosari police station.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13305735", "title": "I want to be a scientist, says IIT-JEE topper", "text": "Self-study is the mantra of success for Aditya Kumar Akash , a Delhi Public School (DPS) student, who has topped here achieving the 38th rank in the IIT-JEE this year. This is the second time that Akash has held the top rank. Two years ago, he came first in the Class X board examination conducted by ICSE scoring 98 per cent. Akash, son of a teacher and a resident of Jasidih (Deoghar district), speaking to Divy Khare said he prepared for the IIT-JEE living in a rented outhouse in Sector-IV of the city for two years, far from his parents. Excerpts...Q: What is your formula for success?A: My vision is very clear. Whatever I was taught in school and coaching I used to revise daily at home. Self-study basically became the mantra of my success. I used to study by myself for six to seven hours regularly.Q: Which books did you refer to while preparing for the IIT-JEE?A: Basically, books of Arihant Publication have helped me a lot. Besides, I always appeared in tests conducted by the coaching classes, it has boosted my confidence. The study material provided by Everon Toppers and FIITJEE also enhanced my knowledge.Q: What do you aspire to become in life?A: I want to become a scientist, it was my dream from childhood. For me, studying in IIT is a stepping stone, which will take me closer to my aim. I wish I get admission in the computer science stream in IIT, Mumbai.Q: To whom would you give credit for your success?A: My family and teachers. I belong to a middle-class family. My father, Chiranjivee Pandit, is a simple teacher in a government school and my mother Kumari Sarita is a housewife. They provided every possible support which I needed. My teachers also guided me a lot. I also want to give credit to my school which provided me a congenial atmosphere for studies.Q: Are you satisfied with your performance?A: \"Dil always mange\" more but knowing that my rank is best in the state I feel elated. I am as happy as I was when I got 98 per cent for the Class X board exams. I passed the Class X board exams from St Francis School, Deoghar.Q: What messages do you want to give to IIT aspirants?A: First I want to say that there is no substitute for hard work. Short cuts don't take you anywhere. With my experience, I want to say that candidates should be focused on preparation. Go through the prescribed syllabus thoroughly. Studying structured material will clear the concept and enhance your knowledge. Moreover, aspirants should analyse their own performance by taking exhaustive tests from time to time. And they should minimize deviations like net surfing or playing.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13278918", "title": "BCCI pads up, may block Shah Rukh Khan ban", "text": "MUMBAI: The Mumbai Cricket Association (MCA) might have gone through with a ban on Shah Rukh Khan from Wankhede but the viability of the embargo is questionable, particularly given the Bollywood superstar's long-standing ties with the sport's national governing body, the Board of Control for Cricket in India (BCCI). Some even predicted, in fact, that the ban could have political and commercial repercussions for MCA.As a business partner, Khan's contribution to BCCI and IPL has been singular. He came onboard the idea of starting a Twenty20 league when few people shared the enthusiasm. In 2008, he bought Team Kolkata along with entrepreneur Jay Mehta for a whopping Rs 300 crore, giving the league a boost with his riches and celebrity. He also helped BCCI do the number-crunching required to ensure that IPL makes a splash in the market.He has since then assisted the BCCI on a number of occasions - for instance, on issues like increasing the number of IPL teams from eight to 10 and determining how an increase in the number of matches would affect the TRPs. He has partnered on events like the billion-dollar Champions League to perk up its saleability and attended workshops in and outside India regularly to find ways to better IPL.Recently, he played a vital role in helping BCCI negotiate with Sahara India Parivar when the latter threatened to pull out as Team India's sponsor and as owners of IPL's Team Pune. Khan's involvement in settling the dispute amicably was acknowledged by both the BCCI and Sahara owner Subrata Roy.In such a scenario, it is unclear if the MCA's decision to ban Khan from Wankhede despite BCCI's apparent discomfort is practicable. The BCCI's discomfort was clear on Friday when its vice-president Rajeev Shukla, who is also the IPL governing council chairman and a friend of Khan, said: \"The MCA is well within its rights to ban Shah Rukh, but BCCI will take the final decision on the matter.\"A senior BCCI official who is bound to play a role when BCCI takes a final call on the MCA ban said that Khan's role in IPL has to be \"considered when a decision like that is taken. If he has committed a mistake in abusing individuals, he may be ready to sit across the table and sort things out. But you can't just ban him because he came to the stadium in an inebriated state.\"Then, there is also the matter of the commercial impact. If the conflict grows further, Khan's personal sponsors may threaten to pull out of IPL. Also, importantly, the 300-odd seats in Wankhede that are allotted to the visiting team during every match may remain empty every time Kolkata tours Mumbai.The political ramifications of the ban are also significant. The West Bengal government, which has spoken in the actor's support after the Wednesday night fracas, may further throw its weight behind the state's brand ambassador and make the Wankhede ban a political whirlpool.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13300459", "title": "Charlize Theron wanted to adopt baby at age 8", "text": "Charlize Theron has revealed that she wanted to adopt a baby since she was 8.The 'Snow White and the Huntsman' star said that her mother recently found a letter that she had written as a girl, still living in South Africa.\"It said, 'Would you please take me to orphanage, so that I can go and adopt a baby?'\" the New York Post quoted her as telling Australia's Madison magazine.\"I always knew I would adopt. Always,\" she said.The 36-year-old star adopted baby Jackson in March and, ever since, the actress has been photographed cradling the toddler in her arms as she promotes her reimagining of the Snow White fairy tale.While she says that she had long thought about adoption, Theron admits that she didn't necessarily see herself doing it solo.\"I don't think any mother aims to be a single mom,\" she said.\"I didn't wish for that, but it happened,\" she said.Theron split with her longtime boyfriend, Stuart Townsend , in 2010 after nine years together. While the two never married, they did wear \"commitment rings.\"\"[Marriage] has never been that important to me,\" she said.\"I don't know why exactly. Some might say it's because my parents didn't have a good marriage, but I don't think so. I treat my relationships like marriages. The ceremony isn't that important to me,\" she added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "nashik", "code": "13281453", "title": "'Need corrective action against errant cops'", "text": "NASHIK: The director general of police (DGP), K Subramanyam, on Friday said that the police force can take corrective action on cops instead of transferring them if their service record is not satisfactory. His remarks came at a time when police employees below the rank of PSI, transferred from one police station to another and one department to the next within the same police commissionerate or district rural police, which led to developing close relationships with anti-social elements and thereby their high handedness in particular cases.These remarks came in the backdrop of the recent case of seven cops being suspended by the Nashik police commissionerate and the rural police for indiscipline. Subramanyam was in Nashik to release the book 'Handbook of Police Power', penned by deputy director of the Maharashtra Police Academy (MPA), Nikhil Gupta.On Tuesday, the commissioner of police Kulwant Kumar Sarangal had suspended two cops from the Ambad police station, while the district superintendent of police (Nashik rural) had signed suspension orders of five cops for different reasons. Subramanyam said that as per the law, a cop cannot be simply transferred to another police institution for indiscipline, though a corrective action in this regard was possible. The DGP also reiterated that all attempts were being made to curb Naxalism in the state.Subramanyam said the material compiled by Gupta would help police personnel throughout Maharashtra and the book would prove as a major reference for getting to know the powers conferred on the police by the government of India and the Maharashtra government.Also present at the book release programme were the director of the MPA, Sanjay Barve, retired justice N V Dabholkar, president of Maharashtra and Goa bar council Jayant Jaybhave and other senior officials of the city police commissionerate and rural police.Considering the creative work put in by Gupta in compiling the book, the DGP said that while research on different subjects related to policing was also underway at the Maharashtra Intelligence Academy (MIA) at Pune and the Centre for Police Research, a subject on policing can be given to such police training institutes every year for research on specific subjects.The Handbook of Police Powers contains compilation of powers conferred upon police at all levels by 51 state acts and 91 Central Acts. Deputy Director of MPA Nikhil Gupta compiled this book considering that many a time police employees and officials are not aware about the Acts of the Central and the State Government, the powers policemen are conferred with and amendments in some acts. Thus in a bid to overcome this problem 51 state acts and 91 Central Acts have been complied.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "fatehgarh sahib", "code": "13278105", "title": "Procured paddy allowed to rot, auctioned for cattle feed", "text": "FATEHGARH SAHIB: Mismanagement by concerned offices has turned thousands of tonnes of foodgrains lying near Khamno unfit for human consumption. The unfit stock has been auctioned for making cattle feed.After auctioning, purchasers have been packing the rotten stock in new bags and transporting it to their respective rice mills to prepare cattle feed. But senior authorities of purchase agencies, which stored their stocks here, are yet to take any action against concerned officers, who have caused big losses to the state exchequer.Procurement agencies like Punsup, Punjab agro, Warehousing Corporation and Markfed have been storing paddy and wheat for the last many years near Khamano. But after its purchase and storage, officers of the agencies did not take care of the stock and let it rot in open for many days. This included 9,710 tonnes belonging to Punsup and 9,973 tonnes of Punjab Warehousing Corporation with similar figures for Markfed.A major part of stock turned unfit even for animals and could only be used for liquor preparation, but agency offices have been denying sale to any liquor company. \"We have not sold any stock to any liquor company,\" said Gurwinder Dhillon, district manager of Punsup.Since the stock has been lying in the open and has rotten, its quality and price have gone down and purchase agencies are compelled to sell it at lower rates, sources said.Pushpinder Singh, district manager of Punjab Warehousing Corporation at Fatehgarh Sahib, said they sold all rotten stock through auctioning. The rotten stock will be used as cattle feed, he added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279949", "title": "School quota may not roll out this year", "text": "MUMBAI: Uncertainty looms over the implementation of the contentious quota clause in the Right to Education Act due to the Maharashtra government's inordinate delay in prescribing norms and identifying those categories of children who can avail of the 25% reservation. Senior officials expressed doubts over whether the quota in the RTE Act will be implemented this year given that many schools will begin the academic term in two weeks, and that the notification is unlikely to be issued in time.\"The cabinet on Thursday took a decision to provide 25% reservation for economically weaker sections and socially disadvantage groups, but it appears that we may not be able to implement the reservation policy from the coming academic session. The Parliament passed the legislation in August 2009, but three years later, we have not been able to prescribe norms for reservation,'' a senior bureaucrat told TOI on Friday.Though the government announced that it will issue the notification shortly, the school education department is reportedly still in the process of framing a comprehensive policy on economically weaker sections and socially disadvantaged groups. It will then be submitted to the law and judiciary department. Once the policy is scrutinized, it will be given to a GoM headed by school education minister Rajendra Darda for approval.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "thiruvananthapuram", "code": "13283971", "title": "Relief for corporation as government hikes pipe-compost unit subsidy", "text": "THIRUVANANTHAPURAM: Giving a much-needed relief to the city corporation, the state government has decided to increase the subsidy rate for installing pipe-compost units. An official government order announcing the hike by Rs 80 will be released on Saturday.The corporation had hit a stumbling block after the price of the pipes for the compost units shot up after the budget. In many wards, the corporation was forced to put off the scheme due to the price rise. With the new order, the corporation can avail itself of an extra Rs 80 in terms of subsidy rates.\"This means that the corporation will now get Rs 693 in place of Rs 613. Though the hike is just Rs 80, it will help us get over the price rise of pipes and will tremendously boost the pipe-compost project,\" said health standing committee chairperson S Pushpalatha.Two one-metre-long pipes will be installed in every household as part of the project. The companies had raised the prices from Rs 240 to Rs 300, putting the corporation in a state of bother. The total cost will now be Rs 893, of which the beneficiary's share will be Rs 203.Following the government's decision, the steering committee of corporation has decided to approve over 1,000 pending applications from various wards on Friday. \"We were indecisive about receiving more applications due to price rise. The companies had refused to transport the pipes and in some places we had to deal with insufficient supply,\" said a corporation official. The committee also decided to place fresh orders for the pipes in the wake of increased subsidy rate. \"The corporation had already crossed 5,000 households in various wards. We are trying to clear almost all the applications and get the units installed in wards before the monsoon commences,\" said a corporation health official.Meanwhile, the training programme of 350 Cleanwell workers in pipe-composting has been completed. They will now be deployed as service providers in wards where pipe-composts have already been installed. \"The second batch of Cleanwell workers will soon be inducted into the training programme. With the completion of units in more wards, the trained workers will be assigned to assist the households in the maintenance of pipe-compost units,\" the official added.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mumbai", "code": "13279596", "title": "Panel may fix auto, taxi fares by July 12", "text": "MUMBAI: The fares for autos and taxis when they are fixed by July 12 by the one-member Hakim committee will have taken into consideration the quality of service by drivers and the demand-supply gap between passengers and the vehicles on hire, according to sources in the transport commissioner's office.On Friday, the panel met the various stakeholders from autos unions and the consumer activists. \"The committee is concerned about the problems of both drivers as well as passengers. While on one hand the panel is examining the various new factors like CNG, increasing cost of maintenance, the capital costs of new vehicles, it is also looking into the passengers' grievances of refusals, meter tampering and low quality of service by automen,\" said a source.The source further said the committee may make a special mention about the service quality to the government but its primary role was to recommend a fare hike formula.\"The panel has kept an open mind while discussing with the union leaders and consumer groups. It is aware of the fact that there is a huge demand of autos and the supply is less in the suburbs. It also knows about the meter tampering problem and refusal menace during the morning and evening peak hours,\" the source said.In fact, Shirish Deshpande and Varsha Raut from Mumbai Grahak Panchayat highlighted the \"poor\" quality of service by Mumbai auto drivers during the meeting. \"We also want the panel to stick to the Terms of Reference and announce a fare hike formula based on the 1 km metric system,\" said Deshpande.Incidentally, a delegation from Sharad Rao's union has met the panel and submitted a memorandum, opposing the 1-km minimum fare. The union has threatened to go on a statewide strike on the issue. \"I have clearly told Hakim that we condemn Rao's decision to go on strike on the 1-km issue. This is simply going against the interests of passengers. The 1-km fare will help commuters pay for the fraction of distance travelled,\" Deshpande said.Auto union leader Thampy Kurian, who also met Hakim on Friday, told TOI he too was upset with Rao for launching a parallel survey for autos in the suburbs. \"When the Hakim committee has already concluded the survey on autos officially, what is the need to rebel and have another survey?\" Apparently, Rao's move to have a second survey of his own has not gone down well with the committee.Sources said that the final survey report was tabled before the committee on Friday, and it revealed that auto drivers earn between Rs 400 and Rs 500 while cabbies earn Rs 800 approximately on an average daily. The average distance travelled by autos is 85 km while for taxis is between 100 and 120 km every day. The mileage for autos is 22-25 km/kg and for taxis is 12-20 km/kg.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "mangalore", "code": "13283306", "title": "Undivided Dakshina Kannada produces better results this year", "text": "MANGALORE: The undivided Dakshina Kannada district has secured a distinction in terms of district-wise school performance in SSLC this year.There are 17 schools in the state with zero per cent result and 143 schools with less than 40 per cent pass percentage. However, no school in Dakshina Kannada and Udupi districts have registered a pass percentage below 40%.While, nine schools in the region recorded a pass percentage below 60 per cent. Out of the 692 schools in the undivided Dakshina Kannada district , 683 schools secured over 60 per cent results.A total of 16,071 students - 8,013 boys and 8058 girls- had appeared for the examination in 245 schools in Udupi district. Except one school, all schools here recorded more than 60 per cent result.As many as 31,301 students- 15,532 boys and 15,769 girls- had appeared for the examination in 447 schools in Dakshina Kannada district. Except eight, all schools here secured more than 60 per cent result.While 124 schools in Dakshina Kannada district registered 100% result, 365 schools recorded over 80% result. In 2011, only 234 schools in the district had more than 80% results.Scheduled caste and tribes students too excelled in the exam in the district. Out of the 1,901 students, who belong to scheduled caste, 1,514 passed (79.64%), and of the 1,085 ST students 862 cleared the exam (79.44%).", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "new delhi", "code": "13277650", "title": "IPL hat-trick: Fixing row, brawl, and now molestation charge", "text": "NEW DELHI: Stung by a spot-fixing TV expose on Monday and left red-faced by the Shah Rukh Khan spat on Wednesday, IPL's week of ignominy was complete when Team Bangalore's Aussie recruit Luke Pomersbach was arrested in Delhi on Friday for allegedly molesting an American woman and beating up her Indian fiance after a late-night party at the team hotel to celebrate the team's victory against Delhi the previous evening.The 28-year-old American had reportedly come to Delhi with her Mumbai-based fiance Sahil Peerzada for the match. She alleged that Pomersbach, 27, who had been spending time with the couple at the party, came to their room and molested her in Peerzada's presence.In her FIR, she said, \"During the party, he (Luke) was trying to come close to me. Later, he befriended with my fiance (Sahil) and came in our room for having drinks,\"The victim alleged that around 5.30am, when she was going to the bedroom leaving the men in the drawing room, Pomersbach grabbed her hand, pressed her body and tried to kiss her. \"When Sahil tried to stop him, he gave many fist blows on his face,\" the complaint said.Peerzada, 32, a businessman from Juhu, had injuries in face and underwent a minor ear corrective surgery for his left ear in the afternoon. He was admitted in an Intensive Care Unit of the private hospital and police have not been able to record his statement.The woman called up the police at 6.23am. A police officer said the cops found Luke with \"a champagne bottle in his hand and two woman by his side\". A medical examination conducted around 7.30am showed he was drunk. The left-handed Western Australian batsman, who hasn't played any match in IPL-5, was booked under harsh IPC charges - section 354 (assault on woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 452 (house trespass after preparation of hurt) and 511 (punishment for attempting to commit offences punishable with life imprisonment or other terms).Pomersbach was produced in the Patiala House court where felt uneasy and almost fainted. He was given interim bail till 2pm on Saturday.The woman also alleged that members of Team Bangalore were threatening her to withdraw the case. \"They threatened me three-four hours ago. When I went back to the hotel to take my belongings, I was given threats apparently by the coach of the team,\" she told the metropolitan magistrate.Meanwhile, Pomersbach has rubbished the allegations, telling an Australian newspaper that he was \"shocked and disappointed\" by the developments. \"(I am) shocked to be in this position. I can't believe this is happening and I'm really disappointed when people make things up,\" Pomersbach was quoted as saying by The Weekend newspaper.According to media reports, Pomersbach has had previous brushes with the law. He made his international debut when he was called into Australia's Twenty20 side in Perth in December 2007. In 2009, after two hit-and-run incidents, he was arrested and charged by police for driving with a blood alcohol level in excess of permissible limits, failing to stop and accompany police and escaping legal custody.He had pleaded guilty and was fined and had his driver's license cancelled. The Western Australian Cricket Association suspended him indefinitely. He returned from his ban in January 2010.Pomersbach was staying in room number 2708 at Maurya. Police said that after the win, the team returned to the hotel and the party started around 12.30am on Friday. The American girl and her fiance were at the party. It was around 5.30am when Pomersbach went with the couple to their room, 1640, to have more drinks.Half-hour after the incident, the cricketer reportedly went to their room again and tried to force open the door, but was stopped by a security guard, Vikas Yadav.The hotel was refused to comment. \"We are verifying everything minutely, as to what exactly happened. Only after we verify, can we take a stand and comment on her allegations,\" Anand Rao, general manager, Maurya, told TOI.US embassy officials met the victim, noted her complaint and have reportedly assured her of all possible assistance. Cops have recovered the CCTV footage of the gallery in which Luke is seen going to their room twice and using elevators.While allegedly hitting Peerzada, Pomersbach injured his right hand injured and had a plaster on it. After questioning him for almost three hours, Delhi Police put the Australian under arrest around 10am. Clad in a white T-shirt, jeans and white slippers, Pomersbach was brought to the Chanakyapuri police station where he was questioned for few hours again.\"He claims that he is innocent and was invited by them to their room,\" said a Delhi Police source. Australian embassy officials visited him and have offered him all legal assistance.During an inspection of room number 1640, cops found bloodstains. While seeking relief for Pomersbach, his lawyer Neeraj Chaudhari told court that \"Luke was invited by them (girl and her fiance) to their room and then beaten up\". Luke, who was feeling uneasy in court, was held by two police officers held him and made to sit on a bench. Granting him interim bail till Saturday afternoon, the court asked for the medical reports of Sahil and Pomersbach, apart from CCTV footage.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "None", "code": "13280083", "title": "Luke Pomersbach's pattern: Habitual offender or just unlucky?", "text": "Australian cricketer Luke Pomersbach's short career has had more than its fair share of problems. This isn't the first time he has had brushes with the law. Pomersbach was charged by the Western Australian police in 2009 for driving under the influence and assaulting a cop. That time, he had his driving licence revoked and his first-class cricket career suspended.Now he may possibly face sterner action from the court of law. His fledging cricket career too may be over. Team Bangalore have already said he will not play for them as long as the matter remains unresolved. Ironically, it was only in early April that Pomersbach, in a free-wheeling chat with the media in Bangalore, expressed an ardent desire to move on.\"There's probably a lot of guys that have off-field issues,\" Pomersbach had said then. \"Some people deal with them better than others. Some people deal with them badly and make the wrong choices in life. Unfortunately I went down that path and made a few bad decisions. But I've learnt a lot from them and I suppose I've got that experience.\"As Team Bangalore mentor Anil Kumble said on Friday, Pomersbach had given indication in the last few weeks that his past indiscretions were history. \"Luke, so far with the team, has been exceptional but it's an unfortunate incident. It's disappointing,\" said Kumble.Last season, just before the Champions League in October 2011, it was revealed that Pomersbach had stood down from playing for Western Australia and Big Bash League side Perth Scorchers. He needed time to deal with depression. The Bangalore team management had then said that he wouldn't be joining them for the CLT20 event. So when he eventually made a comeback this season, it was somewhat of a surprise.As Pomersbach himself admitted, he hadn't been sure of returning to the game. \"It was just a bit of break and it freshened me up and my ideas about the game. When you play a lot of cricket, sometimes you need a bit of a break and start thinking about other things in life. There were a few things off the field that I needed to deal with and I have done that. I have seen a couple of specialists and I am right on top of things now. I am looking forward to the next stage of my career,\" he had said, attempting an explanation for his sudden comeback.No stranger to controversyThursday night's accusations of molestation are not the first time Luke Pomersbach has made the headlines for the wrong reasons....* In Oct 2011, Pomersbach stood down from Western Australia and Big Bash League team Perth Scorchers to deal with depression. The illness kept him out of the game for nearly a year and he required specialist treatment before he made a comeback* In Aug 2009, Pomersbach was banned from representing Western Australia Cricket Association and fined $10,000 after police charged the then 24-year-old with two hit-and-run incidents, driving under the influence of alcohol and assaulting on a cop. The incident resulted in Pomersbach having his driver's licence revoked* At the time, the big-hitter had already been suspended three times in the three previous years for different reasons. One infringement was failing to turn up for an intra-squad practice match at Stevens Reserve in Fremantle* In Nov 2007, Pomersbach and fellow Western Warrior and current Punjab player Shaun Marsh were suspended from the state side for a late-night booze bash following a game against Queensland", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "itanagar", "code": "13283229", "title": "Probe in Pawan Hans helicopter crashes reveals norm violation", "text": "ITANAGAR: The inquiry committee appointed by the Centre to probe two simultaneous Pawan Hans helicopter crashes in Tawang last year, has highlighted serious violation of air safety norms.The report submitted by the three-member committee led by Air Marshal (retd) P P Rajkumar has indicted the Directorate General of Civil Aviation (DGCA), the civil aviation ministry and Arunachal Pradesh's civil aviation department.Tawang district bordering China witnessed two chopper crashes last year - one on April 19 which claimed 19 lives and the other on April 30 that killed former chief minister Dorjee Khandu , along with four others.The panel has accused Pawan Hans Helicopter Limited (PHHL) of overlooking flight standards and safety protocols that led to the April 19 crash. \"Better firefighting infrastructure at the helipad could have lessened the magnitude of the tragedy,\" the report said and recommended measures to be taken by DGCA, civil aviation ministry and Arunachal Pradesh government.The report states that passengers on the M-172 chopper died mainly due to inadequate fire safety and non-availability of crash equipment and trained personnel. It says that the PHHL operated flights for two years to the Tawang helipad without ensuring adequate fire-fighting facilities and that the helicopter flouted permissible weight limit by at least 800kg.According to the conversation recorded on the cockpit voice recorder of Mi-172 chopper, the pilot, co-pilot, flight engineer and flight attendant were unhappy at being forced to make an unscheduled stop for the night at Tawang.Probing the Ecureuil AS 350 B3 chopper crash at Luguthang that killed Khandu, the report states that it was a case of 'controlled flight into terrain' and points serious anomalies by PHHL, the Guwahati air traffic control and aviation authorities at Tawang as well as the pilots.The helicopter was flying through the clouds and there was a huge possibility of spatial disorientation which could have resulted in loss of situational awareness. The pilots were not in contact with the ground staff and were unaware of their ground position and orientation. The responsibility of flying the helicopter and attempting to make contact with ground staff added to the pressure on the pilots.\"It appears that in such a condition, when flying through clouds, with lack of external visual cues, the helicopter impacted the hill,\" the report added.The helicopter was neither cleared for IFR flight nor equipped with systems like weather radar or ground proximity warning systems that could have informed them about weather and approaching terrain.The report also points towards the poor flight planning by the pilots \"as they were in a hurry\". Within a span of 14 minutes, the crew tested the fuel, supervised refueling, repositioned the helicopter and did the necessary checks at Tawang.The helicopter attempted to take off by carrying out a pickup with four passengers on board. Before it was airborne, the domed chopper made three failed attempts because of overload. Next the OSD to CM was offloaded and was followed by offloading of luggage.The third attempt was made as the door of the helicopter was not closed and locked properly. The report stated that the deplaning of passenger and luggage indicates that load and trim were not calculated and attempting a take off without ensuring that the door was safely closed and locked pointed to poor flying discipline.Passenger manifest of the flight was available with the aviation officer at Tawang, or any other representative which is a violation of the laid down procedures.The ATC at Tawang informed the pilot that Sela Pass was partially clear and Bhutan valley was clear. According to the PHHL SOP, in case of bad weather, the helicopter was to fly through Bhutan valley. However, the pilots insisted on flying via Sela Pass. The violation of SOPs, laid down orders and flying discipline contributed to the accident, it pointed out.The report also stated that there was no operational personnel at Tawang to brief the flight crew about the weather condition en route or at the destination. It is likely that the pilots did not get information on the weather at their destination. There was no procedure adopted to conduct flight follow-up and the senior pilot, who was himself flying, was exercising operational control of each flight.The report said that all aircraft and helicopters - irrespective of the weight category - needed to be fitted with CVR and FDR and IFR instrumentation systems, including weather radar and aids like ground proximity warning systems, and added that \"it needs to be emphasized to all the VIPs not to exert pressure on the pilots and operators to undertake flights where safety may be compromised\".", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
{"city": "lucknow", "code": "13280954", "title": "National aviation institute may get deemed university status", "text": "LUCKNOW: The Airport Authority of India has evinced interest in upgrading the Indira Gandhi National Civil Aviation Institute in Rae Bareli to the status of a deemed university. AAI chairman VP Agarwal said that the institute could be made operational like a university.Congress general secretary Rahul Gandhi had announced last year, that an university of civil aviation may come up in Rae Bareli, which is yet to see the light of the day. There have murmurs of a civil aviation university coming at Fursatganj with an aim to give better training facilities to the pilots. But now, it appears that it could be the institute, which may undergo a makeover.Agarwal also said that the authority would also help to upgrade the airport in Safai, the native village of Samajwadi Party chief Mulayam Singh Yadav . \"The airport is a state-owned enterprise. We will help to upgrade it, if the state government wishes,\" the AAI chairman said.This is probably for the first time post UP assembly elections that a central authority has shown its interest in upgrading the state-owned facility, thanks to the prevailing bonhomie between the Samajwadi Party and the Congress.Agarwal though refused to comment on the cancellation of an airport in Jewar, he said that the authority will lend its full support to the state government, which has proposed to set up an airport in Agra.\"It (Jewar airport) was the decision of the state government. We cannot say anything on that. But, as far as the one proposed in Agra is concerned, the authority will help the government in whatever ways it can,\" he said.", "source": "toi", "date": "2012-05-19"}
